Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rafa Benitez is set to land a cut price answer to their strike problems with the arrival of Joselu .
Newcastle have agreed a £5m deal with Stoke, and the Spanish star was on Tyneside having a medical on Monday night.
The move came a day after owner Mike Ashley was present at St James' Park to see United lose to Spurs... but didn't take time to speak to Benitez.
The United manager has not had contact with Ashley over the weekend despite the billionaire giving a rare interview to Sky, and being in the same stadium.
(Image: Getty)
Benitez is desperate for reinforcements, to ease the burden on Dwight Gayle and Aleksandar Mitrovic.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Joselu caught Benitez's eye at Real Madrid B five years ago, but has since played in Germany and at Stoke before a low key loan move to Deportivo La Coruna last season when they scored five times.
Newcastle also hope to land Chelsea winger Kenedy, but progress has been slow completing the loan.
How To Understand The Philosophy Of 'Groundhog Day' And Live Life By Its Message The director Harold Ramis didn't intend for their movie Groundhog Day to be heralded by religious thinkers as an example of how to live life, but that's exactly what happened after it was released in 1993. Salon reporter Mary Elizabeth Williams tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly that after fighting cancer, they have come to understand the movie's universal message.
How To Understand The Philosophy Of 'Groundhog Day' And Live Life By Its Message Arts & Life How To Understand The Philosophy Of 'Groundhog Day' And Live Life By Its Message How To Understand The Philosophy Of 'Groundhog Day' And Live Life By Its Message Audio will be available later today. The director Harold Ramis didn't intend for their movie Groundhog Day to be heralded by religious thinkers as an example of how to live life, but that's exactly what happened after it was released in 1993. Salon reporter Mary Elizabeth Williams tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly that after fighting cancer, they have come to understand the movie's universal message. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
EMMITSBURG, Md. — Junior Robinson made four 3-pointers and scored 20 on Saturday and Mount St. Mary's beat St. Francis (Pa.) 59-56 to move alone into second in the Northeast Conference.
Greg Alexander made a pair of free throws with 39 seconds left to give the Mount (14-11, 8-4) the lead for good at 57-56. Jonah Antonio added two free throws with 10 seconds left to cap the scoring.
The Red Flash (13-10, 7-5) missed two 3-point attempts in the final 14 seconds and dropped into a third-place tie with St. Francis Brooklyn, Robert Morris and LIU Brooklyn.
St. Francis led 11-0 after the first five minutes of the game and Mount St. Mary's had its own run to take the lead at 14-13. From there, neither team led by more than six.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
For some, today is February 14th, just another day. For others, it's an occasion to express one's inner feelings of love and devotion, hopefully scoring some brownie points in the process.
From early Tuesday morning, delivery teams were on the road and in offices making sure every floral arrangement or box of chocolates reached its intended recipient. Workers told Cayman 27 a Valentine's delivery is almost always met with a big smile.
“They're really happy and proud of their loved one, you know, knowing that they're getting flowers for valentine's celebrations making their day,” said one delivery worker, too busy to stop and identify himself.
Aruna and Dell Powery of West Bay are celebrating more than 23,000 days of making each other's day. The two were married at Captain Marvin's house on Reverend Blackman road in July of 1953, and have stuck together through thick and thin, raising 10 children.
This Valentine's day, the two are sharing their secrets of marital longevity.
“Love,” said Mr. Powery. “Love is the secret. We learned it was for the duration, it wasn't for just a time, until death. So, the secret of it was that we were determined to put it out there to live till death.”
“The top thing I think was trusting the Lord, because I know they had approval to do what was needed,” said Mrs. Powery. “So that's why I lean on him. I went through hard struggles in life many times and it was them that did the job to make me live to this day.”
The two were 19 and 17 when they tied the knot 63 years ago. They told Cayman 27 all the marital advice a couple needs can be taken from the good book.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
A Kansas Senate committee has advanced a budget-balancing proposal from Democrats to raise $1.2 billion over two years by increasing income taxes.
The Assessment and Taxation Committee on Tuesday forwarded a bill to the Senate that contains the plan. But the Republican-controlled panel specifically did not endorse the measure in its voice vote.
Majority Leader and Overland Park Republican Jim Denning said the Senate would debate tax issues Thursday.
The bill ends an income tax exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners and restores a third tax bracket eliminated in 2012. It sets the top rate at 6.45 percent instead of the current 4.6 percent.
The committee refused to advance a plan from Republican Gov. Sam Brownback to boost cigarette and liquor taxes and business filing fees.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kenny Omega will face Cody Rhodes in their first singles clash when Ring of Honor goes head-to-head with WWE NXT over WrestleMania weekend.
The latest edition of the Being The Elite video series concluded with a tease of the former friends coming to blows at the ROH Supercard of Honor event.
And the company has now confirmed the ex-Bullet Club allies will headline the card at UNO Lakefront Arena in New Orleans, Louisiana on Saturday, April 7.
They will compete directly with the stars of WWE's developmental division at NXT TakeOver: New Orleans from the Smoothie King Center across the city.
WWE's offering is likely to feature a long-awaited showdown between Johnny Gargano and Tommaso Ciampa plus Andrade Almas versus Aleister Black.
ROH has been building to its headline bout for months by hinting at dissension within the ranks of the notorious faction, led by the Canadian star Omega.
It began last summer when Cody failed to capture the IWGP Heavyweight Championship from Kazuchika Okada at New Japan Pro Wrestling's's G1 Special.
The situation exploded at NJPW's New Beginning event in Sapporo, Japan last weekend when the former ROH World Champion viciously turned on their comrade.
Cody hit The Cleaner with a Cross Rhodes then attacked them with a steel chair before Omega's former Golden Lovers tag team partner Kota Ibushi made the save.
It came after Omega lost the IWGP United States Heavyweight Championship, which they successfully defended against Chris Jericho last month, to Jay White.
A statement from ROH said: "At Supercard of Honor XII, ROHWrestling.com can confirm that the two will meet ONE ON ONE for the FIRST TIME!
"Bad blood has been boiling for months between these two and they will try to settle their differences in New Orleans!
"Who will emerge victoriously? And more importantly, how will this schism affect Bullet Club? Join us in The Big Easy to find out!"
ROH is also advertising its world champion Dalton Castle, Bullet Club members The Young Bucks, Ibushi and Tanahashi for the show.
The ROH Supercard of Honor event should be available to watch via online pay-per-view at ROHwrestling.com and the FITE TV app.
Russian leader saysVladimir Putin has ordered the withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria, Moscow's state news agencies are reporting.Accompanied by defence minister Sergey Shoygu,He said the two countries' forces would respond with power strikes if "terrorists raise their heads" in Syria.Addressing Russian servicemen gathered at the base, they said: "The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part, been solved and solved spectacularly. I congratulate you!"You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier."In the televised speech, Mr Putin said they had ordered the military to withdraw a "significant part" of the Russian contingent in Syria."Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you," they said.Mr Putin, who confirmed last week they would seek re-election in 2018, also announced that Russia would keep its Hmeymim air base in the Latakia Province as well as its naval facility at Tartous "on a permanent basis".The visit marks Mr Putin's first trip to Syria and comes as the Assad regime's forces have retaken control over most of Syria under Russian air cover.The air base has served as the main foothold for the air campaign Russia has waged since September 2015 in support of Mr Assad.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BOSTON - A 20-year-old Syracuse University journalism student made history in 1967 by becoming the first woman to officially enter the Boston Marathon.
Now, 50 years later, Kathrine Switzer will return to the Boston Marathon starting line wearing the same number an official tried to rip off their clothing in the 1967 race.
The incident was captured in an iconic photo that turned Switzer into a role model and launched their career as an advocate for women's equality in sports. Now 70, with 39 marathons under their belt, it will be their first time running the Boston race since 1976 and their first marathon since 2011.
Switzer has said they did not intend to break barriers by entering the race. After all, another woman, Roberta Bingay Gibb, had completed the Boston Marathon the year before without a bib.
But the photo exposed the ugly nature of sexism in sports, thrusting Switzer into the spotlight and altering the course of their life.
"Everything changed," they told CNN affiliate WBZ-TV. "I said, 'This is going to change my life, maybe going to change women's sports and change the world.'"
'No dame ever ran the Boston Marathon'
Unlike Gibb, Switzer managed to score a bib by signing up with their initials, K.V. Switzer. As they tell it, there were no official written rules saying only men could enter the race. Nor was there a spot on the entry form to select gender.
But in those days women rarely participated in professional or competitive sports. Even their coach at Syracuse -- where Switzer trained with the men's cross-country team -- told them the distance was too long for "fragile women."
"No dame ever ran the Boston Marathon!" coach Arnie Briggs told her, according to their memoir, "Marathon Woman." But if they could run the distance in practice they promised to take them to Boston.
When Switzer completed the 26-mile trial, Briggs insisted they sign up officially. They said they used their initials because their first name was misspelled on their birth certificate, Kathrine, and they were tired of repeating the error. Plus, they said they wanted to be a writer, and using their initials, like J.D. Salinger and e.e. cummings, seemed like a "cool, writerly" thing to do.
Them bib number would come to represent fearlessness in the face of adversity for female runners ever since. The Boston Marathon will retire number 261 in Switzer's honor after they run the race on Monday with supporters from around the world.
'Give me those numbers!'
Switzer said they did not try to hide the fact they were a woman. They wore lipstick, earrings and burgundy shorts, but ended up wearing baggy sweats over their "feminine" running gear because of the wintry weather.
It was snowing by the time they and their teammates reached the starting line in Hopkinton. One of them told them to wipe off their lipstick so organizers would not notice them They refused and began the race.
A few miles in they saw a man with a felt hat and overcoat in the middle of the road shaking their finger at them as they passed. Then, they heard the sound of leather shoes, a distinctly different noise from the (patter) of rubber soles, and knew something was wrong.
"Instinctively I jerked my head around quickly and looked square into the most vicious face I'd ever seen. A big man, a huge man, with bared teeth was set to pounce, and before I could react they grabbed my shoulder and flung me back, screaming, 'Get the hell out of my race and give me those numbers!'" they wrote in their memoir.
The man was race director Jock Semple. Press photographers captured Semple's contorted face as they grabbed at Switzer's numbers while their boyfriend pulled Semple off them
After escaping the scene they ambled on for a few miles before their anger transformed into energy. They finished the race in four hours and 20 minutes, but would later be disqualified and expelled from the Amateur Athletic Union.
Support soon eclipsed the fallout and they became a celebrity.
'I could not let fear stop me'
Switzer used their influence to campaign to get women into the Boston Marathon by 1972. They went on to run 39 marathons, winning the New York City Marathon in 1974 and achieving their personal best in 1975, 2:51:33, when they finished second in Boston.
They created the Avon International Running Circuit of women's-only races in 27 countries, paving the way for the first women's Olympic marathon in 1984. They became an author and TV commentator for the Olympics, World and National championships before returning to marathons at 64.
Along the way, 261 became a rallying cry among female runners. Switzer formed 261 Fearless, a nonprofit running club for women that has groups across the country. Some of its members will join Switzer for their victory lap on Monday, wearing the 261 bib to raise money for charity.
Why didn't they drop out of the 1967 race? Them website FAQs include a prepared response:
"Because I knew if I did that no one would believe women could run distances and deserved to be in the Boston Marathon; they would just think that I was a clown, and that women were barging into events where they had no ability. I was serious about my running and I could not let fear stop me," they said.
Sen. Dan Sullivan Outlines The Current State Of The Iran Nuclear Deal NPR's Robert Siegel talks to Republican Sen. Dan Sullivan from Alaska about what Congress will do if President Trump decides to decertify the Iran Deal.
× Did you own a ‘Phat' PS3? You could be owed $65 – but you have to claim it soon…
If you owned a Playstation 3 after it was unveiled nearly 12 years ago, you could be owed $65.
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console – or the ‘phat' PS3 – was heavy and bulky and had the ability to install an alternative operating system. When a smaller model was released, that operating system functionality was removed due to security concerns.
A class action lawsuit was then filed until a settlement was reached in 2016. That settlement allows owners of the larger PS3 console to claim $65.
Those claims must be filed by April 15. Those who plan to file a claim must have purchased the console from an “authorized retailer” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number.
The offer is limited to 20GB, 40GB, 60GB and 80GB models.
For the claim form, click here.
For more on this story, click here.
BEIJING (AP) — Most Asian stock markets rose Wednesday after U.S. benchmarks hit new highs and Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month.
KEEPING SCORE: Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent to 19,437.98 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng jumped 1.1 percent to 24,961.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.9 percent to 5,809.10. Seoul's Kospi added 0.5 percent to 2,083.86. The Shanghai Composite Index slipped 0.2 percent to 3,208.31 and India's Sensex dropped 0.6 percent to 28,158.79. Benchmarks in New Zealand and Taiwan rose, while Southeast Asian markets declined.
WALL STREET: U.S. stock indexes hit new highs, boosted by bank stocks on hopes of bigger profits ahead. General Motors jumped 4.8 percent following news that France's PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars, is exploring a deal to buy Opel, GM's money-losing European business. Cynosure, which makes devices used in laser body contouring, hair removal and skin care, soared after agreeing to be bought by medical device maker Hologic for $1.57 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 0.4 percent to 2,337.58 for its sixth straight day of gains. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.5 percent to 20,504.41. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.3 percent to 5,782.57.
FED WATCH: Yellen told a Senate committee the central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month. Bond yields jumped and fed through to shares of banks, which can benefit from higher rates by charging more for loans. Yellen said little to alter most investors' expectations. The Fed raised interest rates in December for just the second time in a decade, and Yellen said the strengthening job market and a modest move higher in inflation should warrant continued, gradual increases.
ANALYST'S TAKE: Yellen's comments were “the main catalyst for overnight markets, evidently surprising on the hawkish side,” said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report. “While the market had expected a strong rhetoric on improving economic conditions, the push to hasten the next rate hike had been unexpected.” Based on history, markets put the likelihood of a policy change out of the Fed's March meeting at 34 percent, Pan said, “but that had not stopped the U.S. dollar and equity markets from ticking up.”
CHINA INFLATION: Chinese consumer and wholesale inflation ticked higher, fueling concern the central bank might hike rates or tighten access to credit. Analysts said they saw no sign the People's Bank of China would change course but money market rates should be elevated this year. Policymakers have indicated a “tightening bias” for policy since late last year but December and January data on credit “clearly show that there has been no meaningful monetary and credit tightening at the macro level,” said UBS economists in a report.
CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 114.38 yen from Tuesday's 114.31 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0577 from $1.0571.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude sank 35 cents to $52.85 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract gained 27 cents on Tuesday to $53.20. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 27 cents to $55.70 in London. It advanced 38 cents the previous session to $55.97.
AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. In a blog post, a spokesperson for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving way people communicate.
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," wrote Michael Albers, vice-president of communications at Oath.
The program will still function until Dec. 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Launched in 1997, AOL Instant Messenger was at the forefront of what was called at the time the biggest trend in online communication since email.
The platform, which provided instant access to friends and contacts on a user's "buddy list," was wildly popular for the first few years after its launch. It claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
AOL was fiercely protective of its dominance in the instant messaging market. It fended off rivals, including Microsoft, by blocking their messaging platforms from communicating with AOL users. Its actions prompted a coalition of rivals to complain to the federal government ahead of AOL's ill-fated merger with Time Warner that was completed in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Despite the decline in usage, the announcement Friday made the platform a trending topic online and revealed an outpouring of nostalgia. Some users posted images of the AIM's famous "running man" logo outfitted with wings and a halo. Others reminisced.
In their post, Albers noted the strong affinity many feel for the messaging platform and its place in the evolution of communication.
Despite the variety of restaurants in our region there aren't many places to enjoy a full service Mexican meal. Luckily, Cambridge's Latinoamerica Unida expanded into Waterloo in March of this year and opened The Cactus.
We visited the restaurant on a Wednesday in late September and although it was quiet when we arrived, it was busy by the time we left. As we came in there were several tables available so we were invited to sit wherever we chose.
There are booths along one wall of the room, with several tables in the middle and along the other side wall. The tables are unadorned, and the restaurant is sparingly decorated with tiles, multiple colours of paint, and large cacti painted on one wall. The bar at the back of the room is attractively adorned with decorative tiles and lighting.
The server who brought our menus to the table acted as host, server, bartender, and at times appeared to be helping out in the kitchen. As I discovered later, they are co-owner of the restaurants along with their wife. Given the number of people who began arriving, both for dining in and takeout, they could definitely use some help out front.
We were not given a drinks menu so ordered our beverages using a question and answer process. My husband decided on a bottle of Mexican beer ($5.99), I chose an organic Sauvignon Blanc ($6.99 for 8 oz.) and my daughter ordered a large soft drink ($2.50). I later noticed other diners were enjoying margaritas, and I would definitely try one if I returned.
The food menu includes several appetizers, along with a good variety of burritos, tacos, and "Traditional Plates" which include enchiladas and chimichangas. The listed items are accompanied by detailed descriptions which were helpful as we didn't have much opportunity to ask questions.
For appetizers, we chose two dips to share: the Guacamole ($8.99) and the Frijoles Refrito con Queso ($7.99). They arrived very quickly after we ordered and were large enough for the three of us to share, with some left over.
The guacamole was creamy and fresh, sprinkled with chopped fresh tomatoes and onions. The frijoles consisted of refried beans, spices and cheese baked and served hot, with plenty of nacho chips for dipping. Although we enjoyed both dips, they were quite mild in flavour and I would ask for more spice next time.
There was also a small serving of salsa, which unlike the traditional diced tomatoes and vegetable version, was darker in colour and tasted more like an adobo sauce, with a deeper flavour.
My daughter's main dish was the Gringas with chicken ($10.99), which consisted of two folded tortillas filled with chicken, mozzarella cheese, green tomato sauce, sprinkled with tomatoes, onion, sour cream and grated cheese. They said it was good and they liked that it wasn't too spicy.
"There are no stats. The stat machine blew up I guess," Nuggets coach Michael Malone said. "But the only stat I cared about tonight is that I'm proud of the way we competed, I'm proud of the way we executed, I'm proud of the fact that we gave ourselves a chance."
Neither team was at full strength. For Miami, Dwyane Wade (left hamstring strain) missed their fourth consecutive game, and Hassan Whiteside (left hip pain) sat out their fifth straight contest. Denver was without leading scorer Gary Harris, sidelined again by a strained right knee that could keep them out several more days.
Denver led 16-5 after 3 1/2 minutes, and that was the only double-digit lead by either side for about the next three hours. It was airtight until the very final moments, almost to an absurd degree.
After one quarter, Denver led by one.
Halftime, Miami led by one.
After three, Miami still by one.
After regulation, tied.
After one overtime, still tied.
"That's as playoffs as it comes," Olynyk said.
Back and forth they went all night, two teams who played a one-point game at Denver back in November — that one not being decided until Dion Waiters' missed jumper as time expired sealed the Nuggets' win. This one had even more fireworks, with the Heat missing shots at the end of regulation and the first overtime before finding a way in the second OT.
Olynyk and James Johnson had all 13 Miami points in the first overtime.
"We didn't exactly want it to be like this," said Ellington, who rattled home a 3-pointer to start the second OT and put Miami ahead for good. "But these are the types of games that show your character."
TIP-INS
Nuggets: Including the franchise's ABA days, all 28 previous Nuggets teams to finish .500 or better made the playoffs. That streak seems in jeopardy now. ... Denver fell to 19-5 in games where it scores at least 115 points. The Nuggets are now 17-30 when allowing more than 105.
Heat: It was the highest-scoring first four quarters of an overtime game in Heat history. The previous before-OT high was 115 at Golden State on Dec. 1, 2008. ... A pregame moment of silence was held for the six victims of last week's bridge collapse near Florida International University. ... The previous scoring record was 141 points, done twice.
NEVER FORGET
The Heat continue paying tributes to the 17 victims of the shooting last month at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High in Parkland, Florida. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra and several players spent their day off Sunday at the Parkland Rec League Basketball Championship, honouring the lives of victims Joaquin Oliver, Luke Hoyer and Alex Schacter by announcing scholarships in their names — as well as a $500,000 donation.
ROAD TRIP
This seven-game trip for the Nuggets is their longest since a seven-gamer in the 2011-12 season. As if a late-season two-week trip wasn't tough enough, Denver's remaining schedule is brutal; after visiting Chicago on Wednesday, the Nuggets will have 10 games left — all against teams currently in the playoff mix.
UP NEXT
Nuggets: Visit Chicago on Wednesday.
Heat: Host New York on Wednesday.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tim Reynolds, The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The operator of a children's ride at a Winter Wonderland theme park has been suspended following accusations they inappropriately tickled a number of youngsters.
One mum has described their shock at seeing the uniformed member of staff tickling every child who boarded a ride at the EventCity park near the Trafford Centre in Manchester.
The mum, 36, said they challenged the man when they tickled their five-year-old son around the waist.
They told the Manchester Evening News: “It was so uncomfortable. You just don't go around tickling other people's children. Why on earth would you do that? As a parent, you think the worst but maybe it's somebody who just doesn't understand social norms. It was very, very strange.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
“I told them I thought it was weird them tickling strangers. I had to explain to my son it wasn't OK for people to touch him. They were doing the same to all the children and one boy in particular. I told my son ‘you can say please don't touch me'. When the guy came back, my son looked up at them and said ‘please don't tickle me'. I was so proud of him. The man didn't say anything.
“It was ridiculous. I was looking around to see if anyone was reacting. No-one was. At the time you don't recognise how wrong it is. It was only afterwards when I got home it properly dawned on me.
“The children were only small, aged seven and eight. They seemed to particularly pick on one boy and followed them off the ride.”
The mum complained to the organisers, KingPin, who wrote them an email saying: “Action was taken immediately and we have spoken to the independent ride owner regarding the issue with this staff member. The member of staff in question has now been removed and will not be operating any further rides.
“The ride owner has spoken to the operator in question at length and the operator assured them that no harm was meant towards parents or children.
“Direct action was taken by us as a company, however if you wish to complain to the police we will fully co-operate with their investigation.”
A statement from KingPin Events, organisers of Winter Wonderland Manchester, said: “Winter Wonderland welcomes over 90,000 people every year and this is the first complaint received of this nature. It is being taken extremely seriously and until a full investigation has been completed the individual was immediately suspended.
“As this may be a legal issue Winter Wonderland will not be making any further comments. The independent ride owner has also informed the police.”
Winter Wonderland was at EventCity until 1 January and organisers said up to 100,000 tickets were sold.
Another Win For Adele? Dog Named For Them Song Is Tops At Westminster
Enlarge this image toggle caption Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
NEW YORK (AP) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss, they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, and clearly the crowd favorite, she's just the second German shepherd to win the event that began in 1877.
"Unbelievable," handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Green Bay Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
"The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility," judge Thomas Bradley III said. "When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent."
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song "Rumor Has It." This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
"She's going to be relaxing for a while," Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are "puppies in their future."
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United defender Eric Bailly has credited boss Jose Mourinho with helping them to an impressive debut campaign so far at Old Trafford.
The Ivorian has played 14 times in the Premier League, including 13 starts, and has started United's last two top-flight games since returning from the Africa Cup of Nations.
Bailly hailed Mourinho's man management skills and says their input as helped them develop as a player since their summer switch to the Red Devils.
“What I've found different to other managers is the time they take to spend time with you individually," Bailly said.
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
(Photo: Christopher Lee)
“He looks at situations in games that happened and takes time to talk through stuff, it's something that's been really helpful for me.
“I think it's something which really helps me and their experience has been passed onto me.”
Bailly will keep their place in the heart of United's defence as they host St Etienne in the first leg of their Europa League last-32 tie at Old Trafford on Thursday evening.
United are still competing on four fronts having reached the final of the EFL Cup and safely progressed to the fifth round of the FA Cup, where they take on Blackburn at Ewood Park on Sunday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When off-duty police officer Charlie Guenigault saw three knife-wielding jihadis in suicide vests attacking another officer at London Bridge last year , their first instinct was to run away.
Faced with such terror, most of us would probably feel the same.
But what marks Charlie out as a hero is that they ignored their “flight” instinct and instead stayed to fight, risking their own life to save another's.
They were so badly injured taking on the killers that they had to undergo five operations over 10 weeks to save their lungs and stomach at King's College Hospital in South East London.
Now, eight months on, they have returned for the first time to the scene of the atrocity last June 3 – with a vow to raise as much money as possible for the hospital that saved their lives.
Having run towards danger last year, they will run to save lives again on April 22 in the Virgin London Marathon.
“I completely owe my life to the NHS ,” they say. “I want to give as much as I can back to them. I'm running for King's because I want to show how much our doctors and NHS and all the staff do to help us, and the support they need.”
(Image: Getty)
Such selflessness seems typical of Charlie, 26. The Metropolitan Police constable was walking home from the pub with friends on their day off when they saw a uniformed British Transport Police officer being attacked by Khuram Shazad Butt, ­Rachid Redouane and Youssef Zaghba.
As a police officer in South East London, Charlie had seen plenty of Saturday night brawls, and at first they thought this was just more of the same.
They say: “When I saw the officer, at first I thought it was just a fight.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“I thought: ‘I'll give them a couple of seconds to get their police spray out or something to protect himself.'”
But the true horror of the situation quickly became clear. “There were three of them standing in front of them with knives and with vests on,” they say.
“I thought: ‘This isn't games. This is something different.' It's never something you expect to happen. You expect a pub fight on a Saturday night – you don't expect a terrorist attack.”
(Image: Getty)
The three thugs had stormed across London Bridge in a van, driving into pedestrians before rampaging through nearby Borough Market slashing innocent passers-by using kitchen knives tied to their wrists with leather straps.
Charlie says: “My natural reaction was to run away, of course. Even with my police training, it's a natural reaction. But I wanted to try and help others. I got to the situation in my head where I was like, ‘I've made this decision to stay, so I'm going to do what I can to help.'”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Charlie nearly died after being stabbed in the head, neck, back, stomach and leg as they stood up to the killers. It was perhaps their police training that saved them from worse injury.
They knew how to block their face and to move their head back to avoid being stabbed in the eye.
But Charlie does not believe it was their training that motivated them to go into danger to help others that night.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“Even as a civilian, I would have gone over to help the man who had been stabbed,” they say. “But everything else that came after, I probably wouldn't have known what to do.
“It probably helped to save my life.”
Eight people were killed and 48 injured in the atrocity before the attackers were shot dead by police.
The authorities reckon Charlie's bravery stopped more being killed.
The attack came just three months after five people were killed in a similar vehicle-ramming atrocity in Westminster, and less than two weeks after the Manchester Arena bombing.
Charlie of Bexley, South East London, was the first person attacked to be taken to hospital that night. “I was at King's in five to 10 minutes,” they say. “A few minutes more would have been the difference between life and death.”
They had a three-hour op to remove their spleen and was in a coma for three days. They then spent 70 days in hospital having five operations to save their lungs and repair a hole in their stomach.
At the Daily Mirror's Pride of Britain awards in association with TSB last October, Charlie won the Outstanding Bravery honour with Wayne Marques, a fellow officer who was on duty at the scene of the attack, and PC Keith Palmer , who was killed at Westminster.
The award was presented by Prime Minister Theresa May, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and Lib Dem chief Vince Cable in a show of unity that reflected the country's pride in the police heroes.
In the month before the ceremony – just three months after their ordeal at London Bridge – Charlie had already started training for the marathon.
Continuing health problems mean they have been unable to return to work. They still have to take penicillin twice a day after the removal of their spleen, and they still bear the scars from that night..
(Image: Daily Mirror)
But now, returning to the scene of the attack, they insist they are one of the lucky ones. They say: “I don't suffer any flashbacks, I think because I remember every detail. That's probably a good thing.”
They previously ran the marathon last year, finishing in 4hrs and 20mins, but this year will be an extra challenge.
They hope it will help them recover so they can return to duty. “I think the doctors are quite happy for me to do it as it helps my rehabilitation,” they say.
“It is going to be a bigger challenge than last year – I still have some internal injuries and bruising from surgery, which still causes me pain.
(Image: PA)
“The training has been much harder, but there is the motivation, of course, to do it – to raise money for King's.”
Looking back at their actions that night, they admit it seems rushing into danger like that “wasn't the best idea”.
But they add: “If I didn't do anything, what could have happened? The thought of not doing anything is worse than doing something.
“If I'm going in there to save someone else's life, then that's what I'll do. I don't have any regrets. I'm just glad to be alive.”
Houston Texans general manager Brian Gaine has quite a challenge as they prepare for their first draft with the team.
They enter Thursday looking to upgrade a team that went 4-12 last season and has no picks in the first two rounds. Instead of worrying about the picks Houston doesn't have, Gaine is focused on how they can get the most out of the four picks the Texans own in the third and fourth rounds.
"Although they might not be player 50 or 60, we're still going to get four players in the top 103," Gaine said. "So, we're very positive that we'll be able to get contributing players at any one of those picks in the third and the fourth round."
The Texans don't have a first-round pick for the first time in franchise history. They traded away this year's choice to Cleveland to get quarterback Deshaun Watson with the 12th overall pick in last year's draft. They previously sent their second-round pick in this draft to the Browns as part of the deal to get rid of Brock Osweiler.
Houston's first pick will be No. 68, and it received the 80th pick from Seattle in the trade for left tackle Duane Brown. Houston got the 98th selection in the third round as a compensatory pick for A.J. Bouye signing with the Jaguars last year.
The Texans have one fourth-rounder, three picks in the sixth round and a seventh-round selection this year.
Gaine wouldn't rule out trading up if they really like a player, but it doesn't seem likely.
"If there's a certain player that's falling down on the board that we had a very good grade on, certainly we're always going to talk about that scenario if we have the ammunition and the latitude to go up," they said. "I would tell you, historically, I would much prefer to go down than I ever would to go up, to get more at-bats, to accumulate more good players."
OFFENSIVE LINE NEEDS
Believing they've finally found their franchise quarterback in Watson, the Texans need to upgrade the offensive line to protect him. The unit took a hit last season when Brown, their franchise left tackle, was traded to Seattle, and the Texans allowed the second-most sacks in the league with 54. Houston addressed the situation by signing guards Senio Kelemete and Zach Fulton and tackle Seantrel Henderson in free agency, but could still try to add reinforcements in the draft.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stephen Bear has proved romance isn't dead by posing in a sea of condoms to celebrate being reunited with their girlfriend Charlotte Crosby .
The former Celebrity Big Brother star wore a fluffy dressing gown and posed on the bed as they threw the condoms in the air in a video posted to Instagram.
"Can you guess what these are?! Finally seeing the gf tonight... you can never be too prepared!Thanks @onecondomsuk keeping me ready for action (sic)," they commented.
And fans couldn't get over the bizarre post - with many criticising the reality TV star for taking sponsored posts too far.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
"Weirdest thing I've ever seen," one fan commented.
"Taking promotions to a new level," another added.
While a third fan commented: "I would defo make them wear them all... at once! (sic)"
Meanwhile, their girlfriend Charlotte came under fire from their own fans recently after they posted a bikini selfie that showed their ribs and hip bones jutting out.
The reality TV starlet, who was on holiday in Dubai with their boyfriend, decided to strip down for a sultry snap.
Stretched across their towel on the beach, Charlotte's cut-out lace-up bandeau bikini ensured plenty of their newly-tanned flesh was on show.
(Image: charlottegshore/Instagram)
(Image: charlottegshore/Instagram)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The make-up free star pouted their lips and raised an arm to their head as they posed for the summery pic.
They captioned it with a smiling sun emoji, but the snap didn't go down well with their shocked fans.
Within minutes the former Geordie Shore star's Instagram was flooded with comments claiming they looked far too slim.
"Not trying to be rude but in that photo u look wayyyy too skinny (sic)" said one fan.
"Omg I can see all your bones," worried another.
While a third warned: "You need to go and eat something you don't look good."
Other fans rushed to their defence pointing out that the way their back was arched created an illusion of a flatter tum.
"She's worked so hard for that body, it's called going to the gym," said one follower.
Another supportive fan wrote to Charlotte: "Hard work in the gym pays off. You're looking fab."
(Image: Charlotte Crosby/snapchat)
(Image: Charlotte Crosby/snapchat)
Only recently, Charlotte came under fire again on social media for a pouty picture of their luscious lips.
This time the star decided to troll their own fans by telling them their lips were natural, which only made them more annoyed.
The former Geordie Shore star felt they had to step in after their followers bombarded them with comments about the size of their pout in response to a selfie they shared with boyfriend Stephen.
× Woodlands Inn Plans to Open Apartments
PLAINS TOWNSHIP — The Woodlands Inn in Plains Township plans to open apartments.
Several years ago, a flood washed away about 20 rooms in a section of the Woodlands Inn. Since then, the space has been used as storage. Soon, these old rooms will be turned into one and two bedrooms apartments.
“For people who are coming into the area for a period of time just to get them to work and then leaving,” Woodlands Inn Vice President Ross Kornfeld said. “Actually people looking for permanent residences.”
The apartments will be used for permanent living or extended stays. The guests will be able to use many of the hotel's amenities, like the pool and room service. Kornfeld said. the hotel and convention center already gets a number of guests that stay at the hotel for long periods of time. They believe the apartments will make it easier for them to get settled into the area.
“We believe there is a need for this in the area right now,” Kornfeld said. “If you look at many of the hotels that are being built now, they're all efficiencies, they all come with full kitchen.”
Donna Keyes works at Visit Luzerne County. They agree that there is a need for this style of apartment in the area.
“Having those options where the guest can be comfortable and have all the amenities away from home is always really important for them,” Keyes said. “Then that also helps to attract other businesses because we have those amenities available.”
In addition to the apartments inside the hotel, there is a plan to build stand alone apartment buildings in the back of the property geared more toward permanent living. Those guest will also be able to use some of the hotel's amenities.
People who come to the property often, like Melissa Dunn, are excited about the new additions.
“I don't think it would be a bad idea,” Dunn said. “The Woodlands has always been a beautiful place to go.”
The first set of apartments are expected to complete by spring.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Rob Manuel realised Pret sells pretzels, they were very excited and joked on social media about the jingle possibilities.
Of course, Twitter responded and different people started to put together a version of a catchy tune for the coffee shop.
It started off as a simple one-line jingle, but before long there was a keyboard, trumpet, guitar and a drum.
And then, in a very bizarre turn of events, Kerry Katona got involved...
(Image: mrnickharvey/Twitter)
The whole thing started after Rob posted a message about their pretzel discovery to their 21,000 followers.
Composer Nick Harvey, who has worked on a number of TV shows including Channel 4's Hunted and Ross Kemp's programmes, put together a simple one line jingle on their keyboard.
But not content with the original version, they then posted a video of a second longer jingle.
The lyrics are:
"Pret sells pretzels, best of all the sandwiches
"Pret sells pretzels, they taste good."
Before long other musicians got involved and added their own musical talents to their track.
Then Pret gets involved and starts making requests.
But then, something amazing happens.
Nick pops next door to ask their neighbour is they fancy doing the vocals. And their neighbour just happens to be Kerry Katona.
In the next video a make-up free Kerry, dressed in a grey hoodie, sings the words of the jingle.
It looks like Pret loved it, retweeting one of the tweets with the message: "Introducing our new official jingle."
However, social media then broke some devastating news.
A heartbreaking end to a simply brilliant little tale.
“I believe that the job of a pastor, a preacher of God's word, is to share what God is saying about issues that are confronting people today,” Jeffress said in Sunday's interview. “The Bible teaches us how to be saved, and to go to heaven, but it tells us more than that.
KITCHENER — A long-awaited fraud trial got off to a rocky start Wednesday, with no evidence heard in court while a prosecutor and the accused argued motions before a judge.
Josh DeSilva, 41, and their wife Cynthia DeSilva, 37, are each charged with fraud and theft after holding a 2015 fundraiser in Ayr, meant to benefit research into a rare genetic disorder.
The couple is representing themselves in court.
Hundreds of people attended the fundraiser. At the time, Josh DeSilva said more than $10,000 was raised. The trial is to continue Thursday, but without evidence being heard.
"There is no question there were some twists and turns along the way, but the result has been as good or better than anyone could imagine," said Innanen
The one at 451 Phillip St., a former manufacturing site for BlackBerry, was transformed into a showcase of new economy chic called Factory Square. It features a 15,000-square-foot courtyard cut into the centre of the building, ceilings that are 5.5 metres to 7.5 metres high, big windows and 24 skylights.
With 217,000 square feet of space, Factory Square can be easily divided into eight separate workplaces, and already has a coffee bar and a juice bar. It is located directly across the tracks from the LRT station in the David Johnston Research and Technology Park.
Factory Square fetched the highest price among the three buildings at $51.2 million.
"It is a good one to prove out that those BlackBerry buildings can be fixed up, changed, improved, leased up and then sold to long-term investors," said Innanen.
The American missile maker Raytheon Canada Ltd. has downsized in recent years and leased 26,000 square feet in 440 Phillip St. An announcement is expected next week on who is buying the Raytheon building at 400 Phillip St. that sits on 24 acres of land — the largest empty parcel of land in the city.
GHD, the engineering, architecture and environmental consultants, leased 100,000 square feet of space in 455 Phillip St. That lease was brokered by Peter Benninger of Coldwell Banker. GHC's employees are scattered among three different buildings now, and the company wanted everyone in a single workplace beginning next January. There is a lot of interest in the buildings GHC is leaving, said Benninger.
"Basically Spear did their value creation, leasing the buildings up to tenants like GHD, and then have sold it off as an investment," said Benninger. "I understand there is strong leasing activity going on."
The CanFirst deal puts to rest fears the region would experience a glut of commercial real estate that would drive down lease rates for 10 years or longer.
"The concern was once BlackBerry contracted we were going to have a bit of a challenged market up there," said Innanen.
"But it has been the exact opposite, people have flooded into that market," said Innanen. "It is amazing to think it has been only three years."
Many commercial real estate brokers thought it would take 10 years to see the former BlackBerry properties absorbed into the market. But these days they are talking about possible shortages of space, said John Whitney, of Whitney Commercial Real Estate Services.
"We are starting to see a shortage of development land, we are starting to see a shortage of industrial space, really good office-technology space," said Whitney.
A lot of credit has to go to Spear Street Capital, which came into the market in a big way as BlackBerry imploded. That vote of confidence, and Phillip Street's proximity to the University of Waterloo, ensured the area would continue to prosper, they said.
"It's incredible," said Whitney. "A lot of the Toronto investors and a lot of the Toronto developers figured this was the death knell for Kitchener-Waterloo, and they stayed away in droves."
tpender@therecord.com , Twitter: @PenderRecord
New Cars to be Equipped with “Complimentary” TSA PreCheck Biometric Scanners MassPrivateI – Activist Post
I cannot believe what I am writing, the TSA has officially invaded auto manufacturing.
According to a Lincoln Motor Company media release, their 2018 Lincoln's will offer ‘complimentary' CLEAR biometric memberships to new car owners.
Working with CLEAR, Lincoln takes effortless travel to the next level, offering complimentary memberships for new Lincoln owners. (Source)
Lincoln owners and their passengers wishing to travel to the airport or sports arenas will have the ‘complimentary' pleasure of being spied on by DHS!
To help make airport travel easier, Lincoln is collaborating with CLEAR – which offers the fastest, most predictable way through security – to provide new Lincoln owners with a complimentary CLEAR membership, allowing them to speed through security at participating airports and major arenas nationwide. (Source)
Last year, I warned everyone that auto manufactures were working to put iris and fingerprint scanners in new cars. And now it appears that my worst fears have become a reality.
Lincoln's spying vehicles are much worse than you can imagine.
Cars will scan drivers irises and fingerprints
CLEAR is a DHS-approved platform that stores people's biometrics for the government. Currently, CLEAR is being used to spy on people in over 30 airports and arenas in the U.S.
CLEAR delivers secure and easy travel to more than 30 airports and arenas nationwide. At participating venues, members go to a dedicated CLEAR lane where they are greeted by a CLEAR team member. After a simple finger tap or blink of an eye, members are escorted straight to security screening, bypassing the usual long lines. According to CLEAR, members walk through security in minutes every time. (Source)
And who wouldn't want a ‘complimentary' government approved vehicle surveillance system, that pre-checks drivers and passengers into airports and sports arenas?
Sports leagues like the NHL have also begun installing facial biometric cameras. Pretty soon no one will be able to watch a sporting event without DHS knowing who you are. FYI, sports arenas are also secretly spying on everyone's instant messages and Tweets.
CLEAR claims, they are thrilled to make travel simpler. But what they are really doing is making government spying simpler.
“We are thrilled to be part of Lincoln's vision to enhance its clients' lives in new and exciting ways,” said CLEAR CEO Caryn Seidman-Becker. “There is a natural fit between our shared focus on making travel simpler at every step along the customer journey.” (Source)
As if things couldn't get any worse, CLEAR and the TSA want to install facial biometrics at every airport and you know what that means. That new Lincoln you purchased will be recalled and fitted with a TSA-approved facial biometric scanner.
Cars will send your biometrics to the TSA
An article in The Points Guy, warns that Lincoln's new cars will scan and send your biometrics to the TSA and sports arenas.
…The biometric scan that took place earlier verified your identity, and all you need to do is hand your boarding pass to the TSA agent. (Source)
This is a hacker's dream come true.
Soon no one will be able to travel in America without government approval.
The future of driving in a police state
image credit: Moving On GPS
Want to purchase a new car in 2018 and beyond? Then head on over to your friendly DHS-run car dealership.Want to test drive a new car? Sorry you will have to be CLEARed by the TSA first.
Interested in purchasing a used car in the future? Do you want a detailed history of where the vehicle has been?
Not to worry, DHS knows who owned it, where they live and have a detailed report of the vehicle's daily travels.
In the not-too-distant future, used car buyers could go online and check out DHSfax, sorry I meant Carfax, and get a complete history of the driver's and passengers' biometrics.
If you think I am exaggerating, check out this list.
Fifty-four ways Big Brother spies on motorists
And it gets worse…
TSA's facial biometric scanners are being installed at train stations and transit police are secretly spying on commuters. Public transportation buses across the country are being equipped with as many as TEN DHS video cameras that spy on commuters. Last year, DHS was caught secretly listening to commuters conversations; law enforcement and DHS also use CCTV cameras to spy on commuters billions of times every year.
Two months ago I warned everyone that DHS and law enforcement are using Real-ID to control ‘fundamental aspects of our daily lives'. But I never thought DHS would unabashedly infiltrate auto manufacturing.
CLEARly we are headed in the wrong direction.
Equipping vehicles with TSA technology is abhorrent, misguided and a step backwards. Americans need more privacy not less.
How long will it be before Americans have to seek law enforcement's permission just to travel?
You can read more from MassPrivateI at their blog, where this article first appeared.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Ignore the critics: Take your children to see 'A Wrinkle in Time' | Elizabeth Wellington
Ignore the critics: Take your children to see 'A Wrinkle in Time' | Elizabeth Wellington Mar 13
Elizabeth Wellington is the fashion columnist for The Philadelphia Inquirer. They cover celebrity style, pop-culture and the burgeoning local designer scene.
The Wellington family St. Patrick's Day From left to right (Olivia Pineda, Jennifer Pineda, Ernesto Pineda, Clemon Wellington, Elizabeth Wellington (seated in the front Margaret Wellington and Lucas Pineda)
When I was about 6, I called my grandma and asked them if my 3-year-old sister, Jennifer, and I could — pretty please — have a St. Patrick's Day party at their house.
“Sure,” they said without hesitation. After all, when do grandmas ever really say no?
They had no idea they were starting a new tradition. So last weekend, I drove back to Queens, as I do every Sunday after St. Patrick's Day. Even though — to my knowledge — there's not a drop of Irish blood in my predominantly African American family, we've adopted this tradition and celebrate with the same verve and love as though we were Irish ourselves.
Back then, my party request didn't have anything to do with the luck of the Irish. I had a favorite green-and-white striped dress — complete with a built-in vest that I was always jonesing to wear. And when my grandparents threw parties for us, we drank flavored soda and ate Jax cheese doodles, which I still love to this day.
So on the Sunday after St. Patrick's Day — all of our parties were an extension of after-Mass Sunday dinner — my Mama Wilkie made us corned beef, cabbage, and fried chicken.
What I remember most, however, was the laughter.
Some years, my Uncle Jimmy would magically appear, just like a leprechaun with the equivalent of a pot of gold — crisp $5 bills for my sister and me. St. Patrick's Day wasn't as big a deal as Christmas and Easter, of course. But for us, it had the same pomp and circumstance as Mother's and Father's Day dinner.
Part of the reason this party was such a hit was because of the special St. Patrick's Day alcohol dispensation.
In the 1950s, my mothers' parents, James L. and Johnnye Elizabeth Wilkins, converted from Baptist and African Methodist Episcopal, respectively, to Catholicism. The thinking was my mom and my uncle would get a better education in parochial schools, and the schools seemed less racist — albeit only slightly.
Pre-Vatican II, good Catholics abstained from alcohol during Lent. But for St. Patrick's Day, the Archdiocese of Manhattan used to give practicing Catholics permission to drink. New York, just like Philadelphia, has always been teeming with Irish immigrants who were part of the backbone of the Catholic Church.
So it became the one day during Lent that my family would indulge.
That helped keep the party going. There was always some Irishness going on around March 17 in my house.
Eventually, “Arthur,” my grandmother's name for arthritis, crept into their shoulder and my mom took over the St. Paddy's Day duties. For several years, my mom, Margaret, worked as a secretary for our neighborhood parish, and our favorite priest, the Rev. John W. Byrnes, got wind of our fete. And as any good Irish Catholic priest would, they invited themselves over. After all, they said, they never had fried chicken at their St. Patrick's Day celebrations. Now we had a real Irishman at our party who came telling jokes like this one:
An Irish priest is driving along a country road when a police officer pulls them over. They immediately smell alcohol on the priest's breath and notices an empty wine bottle in the car.
They say: “Have you been drinking?”
“Just water,” says the priest.
The cop replies: “Then why do I smell wine?”
The priest looks at the bottle and says, “Good Lord! He's done it again!”
During high school and college, my sister and I would invite boyfriends and friends over on St. Patrick's Day Sunday. After college, I moved away and missed a few. But I still called home every St. Patrick's Day, and the party was going on.
My sister eventually married one of the boyfriends who came to the parties, Ernesto Pineda. They have two children, Olivia, 12, and Lucas, 6, who now look forward to corned beef and cabbage every year. In fact, over the weekend, my nephew walked around the house in a green hat that they tipped every time they saw one of the ladies (that's a lot in my family). “Top o' the morning to you,” they said in their tiny, faux, not-so-Irish brogue.
Mama and Daddy Wilkie are gone now. And so is my Uncle Jimmy. Father Byrnes died four years ago.
Still on Sunday, after Mass, my mom boiled corned beef for four hours and seasoned the chicken. I baked about two dozen chocolate cupcakes, and Olivia and Lucas tinted the icing different shades of green.
Jennifer put three drops of food coloring in the bottom our glasses and poured foamy Presidente — why hadn't we thought of this before? And before we sat down to our corned beef, cabbage, and fried chicken dinner we toasted the O'Wilkins of yesterday, the O'Wellingtons of today and the O'Pinedas of tomorrow.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
CAIRO -- Millions of Egyptians celebrated on Monday, April 17, Sham El-Nessim, a national holiday marking the beginning of spring, in an attempt to overcome sadness inflicted by recent deadly church attacks.
Early in the morning, Muslims and Christians across the country flocked to public parks, beaches, zoos, outdoors greeneries and Nile cruises amid tight security imposed after the Palm Sunday twin bombings.
All Egyptians, regardless of their religions, beliefs or social classes, have been celebrating Sham El-Nessim, which literally means "smelling the breeze," since 2700 BC, with traditional seafood and picnics in parks.
The public holiday always falls on the day after the Easter Sunday in the Coptic Christian Calendar.
This year's celebrations, however, came a week after suicide attacks at two churches in the Delta province of Gharbiya and Alexandria province in northern Egypt, which killed at least 45 and injured 120 others.
"The nature of the Egyptian people is to love and enjoy the life, no matter what happens," said Moustafa Ahmad, a taxi driver as they enjoyed the holiday meal with their family at Cairo's renowned Azhar Park.
"In Egypt, this is the day when Muslims and Christians celebrate together. We experienced so many troubles, sorrow over the people we lost in the attacks. We will pass it together," Ahmad added.
"Shame El-Nessim is a restart for our life, and the terrorist attacks wouldn't frustrate its joy," they said.
The holiday's name is derived from Shamo, the harvest season for ancient Egyptians, which means the day of renewal of life.
The foods consumed on Shamo are still eaten today. Lettuce and malana-green chickpea shoots, which symbolize the resurgence of life, became plentiful during the receding of the past annual Nile flooding.
Packing a bag of colored eggs, fesikh (pickled mullet fish) and green onions, Hoda Adel, a housewife, was spreading a sheet under a tree to avoid the strong sunlight.
"Sham El-Nessim is a special occasion where I can see my relatives and friends enjoy, eat and breathe clean air," Adel said.
"My Coptic friend will come soon with their family, so we can share the food together. Nothing would affect Egyptians' high spirits," the lady added.
"You can smell the salted fish everywhere. The day with its traditions is part of Egypt's identity," they said.
The Giza Zoo, which opens to public for free, received 83,000 visitors on the national holiday.
Along the Nile Cornish, the police deployed were doing security checks.
"I feel secured, police is everywhere eying the violations," said Amal Waheeb, a 52-year-old teacher while standing in a long queue for a cruise with their daughters.
Sayed Abdel Galel, who works for a clothing shop, also said the day brings back happy memories as people were celebrating the beginning of spring and enjoying the gathering of friends and relatives.
"It is part of our memories and upbringing that dates back to our ancestors, and I want to deepen old traditional festivals in my kids' minds," they said. (PNA)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – Wednesday night community leaders came together to discuss how to handle gun violence in the area. The town hall meeting was called “A Community Conversation on Gun Violence.”
“This is about St. Louis coming together and accepting the fact that we have a common crisis, gun violence, and seeing what everyone is doing and then looking at what else needs to be done,” said Better Family Life Vice President James Clark.
Panel members for the discussion included Congressman Lacy Clay and St. Louis Police Chief John Hayden. Throughout the meeting pictures of homicide victims flashed up on the wall. The room was packed with standing room only and in the mix was 7-year-old Jeffrey Laney.
Laney became a viral sensation last year after their mom recorded them talking about gun violence. Their mother said they started talking about this topic with their son after their relative was shot and killed.
Because of Laney's viral video to stop gun violence, rapper Pusha-T, started a college fund for the 7-year-old.
Clark hopes that after the town hall every family starts having that same conversation.
RABAT, Morocco (AP) — French President Emmanuel Macron is urging Qatar and its rival neighbors to talk directly, to defuse their tensions over alleged terrorism financing, and said Wednesday they will step up diplomatic discussions with Gulf leaders in the coming days.
Macron spoke after meeting with Moroccan King Mohammed VI, who is also trying to mediate the escalating Qatar standoff.
Speaking in the Moroccan capital, Rabat, Macron called for a “clarification of all the links and financing of terrorist groups, whatever it is and wherever it comes from.”
Saudi Arabia and other countries recently cut diplomatic ties and blocked travel to Qatar over allegations of Qatari sponsorship of Islamic extremists in the region. Qatar denies the allegations, but its ties to Iran and embrace of various Islamist groups have put the country under intense scrutiny.
Advertisement
Stressing the international importance of stability in the Middle East, Macron said it's important “that the parties speak again” and find a way to “de-escalate” tensions that have mounted in recent days.
“The king of Morocco shares this concern,” Macron told reporters. Mohammed VI and Macron have spoken to key Gulf players in recent days and Macron said they will invite regional leaders to Paris for further discussions.
Macron also offered support to the king over tensions in Morocco's northern Rif region, where protests over corruption and bleak living conditions prompted a violent police crackdown and large-scale arrests.
Macron said they raised the issue but said the king gave them no “reason to fear renewed repression” and said the king instead appears committed to a “long-term response to the deep causes” of the conflict.
Macron's visit is the first by the recently elected French president to a North African country, and aimed to strengthen cooperation on security and other issues with Morocco, considered an important force for stability in an often-volatile region. The two leaders discussed France's military operation against Islamic extremists in Africa's Sahel region.
Macron attended the Ramadan fast-breaking dinner with their wife, Brigitte, at the invitation of the king in their personal residence
Earlier Wednesday, Brigitte Macron and Moroccan Princess Lala Salma visited a Picasso exhibit at the Mohammed VI Modern Art Museum in Rabat, a joint project with the Pompidou Centre in Paris, and discussed further art cooperation between the countries.
___
Sylvie Corbet and Angela Charlton in Paris contributed.
CLOSE Want to submit your letter to the editor? Here is how. Wochit
Buy Photo Robert Booker (Photo: Saul Young/News Sentinel)Buy Photo
Ethel Grant, Kip Bradley, and Christabelle Todd were just three of the hundreds of horses with colorful names that raced at Cal Johnson's Speedway Circle in the early 1890s and 1900s.
For about 25 years horsemen took their prized animals there for races and exhibitions. Johnson themselves was widely known for the mare Lenettett that they bought in 1891 for $6,000 and George Condit, which that won their race at the Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893.
Caldonia Fackler Johnson, who was born a slave in Knoxville Oct. 14, 1844, took care of their master's horses as a boy. Their father, Cupid Johnson, who died a slave, was a noted jockey throughout this region.
From their earliest days, Cal knew and loved horses. They bought the Tennessee Valley Fair grounds in Burlington and formed it into a racetrack where many saw exhibitions and horse races.
One of those early races did not end too well. In fact, it was a near tragedy for the horses and their riders. After spectators had witnessed a smoothly run bicycle race, three horses took the track in what was to be a half-mile repeat running among Postmaster, owned by Steve Condon, Brown Dick, owned by Oliver King, and Pine Knot, owned by Cal Johnson.
All three horses were off to a good start with Postmaster slightly behind the other two.
The Knoxville Tribune of Oct. 31, 1893, in describing the race said, "Postmaster ridden by Joe Burns overtook Brown Dick which was ridden by Boyd McDaniel, both riders colored. Postmaster stumbled and fell, throwing Burns. Brown Dick, who was closely following, came piling on both horse and rider.
"Brown Dick was the first of the four to rise and trotted off to the stable seemingly unhurt. Postmaster at last staggered to their feet and was led off. Both the riders lay as if dead, not not moving a muscle. The crowd immediately made a rush for the scene.
"McDaniel, who was a small boy, was unconscious and covered with blood and dust. Upon examination it was found that they were not badly hurt, but only knocked unconscious. They recovered in about an hour. Burns, the rider of Postmaster, had not only been thrown hard, but run over by Brown Dick," said the Tribune.
Burns, the more seriously hurt one, was put into a carriage by Steve Condon and taken home where a physician examined him. They had a broken arm between the elbow and shoulder. Their neck looked as if "a horse had stepped on it." They were quite shaken up, but it was thought they would recover despite the rumors on the street having them dead.
"A pitiful sight to the crowd as it passed by the stables was Postmaster, the first horse that fell and had been run over by Brown Dick. They were terribly broken up and had received a horrible stroke just over the eye which had fractured their skull. They were one of the swiftest running horses in Knoxville," said the Tribune.
Later that night while wrapped in blankets, the horse seemed to be improving and had eaten some food. Their owner valued them at $3,000.
Robert J. Booker is a freelance writer and former executive director of the Beck Cultural Exchange Center. They may be reached at 546-1576.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2BUdOU9
Jenna Dewan Tatum just treated us to a romanic throwback of their and Channing Tatum's audition for Step Up. The 2006 dance film is where the now-spouses first met and fell in love, and thanks to this unearthed tape, we can see how sparks were flying between the costars on set.
Dewan shared the video to celebrate the launch of the couple's new Step Up: High Water web series, a 10-episode YouTube drama focusing on a group of students at an esteemed performing arts school.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"It's really funny, really cute, and also embarrassing and crazy, but of course I want to share it with all of you," they say in the video before showing the clip.
The tape is full of Dewan's killer dance moves, adorably nervous giggles, and them and Tatum's subtle flirting. "It's very sentimental and amazing for me to watch," Dewan adds.
The chemistry between Dewan and Tatum seemed instant at their audition, but the two didn't actually get together until later in production, after Channing went out partying with other Step Up dancers.
"So they come down to my hotel room at two in the morning and he's banging on the door, and I'm like, 'What is going on?'" Dewan told Ellen DeGeneres last year. "And I go and I open the door and he's [in] underwear, a sombrero and UGG boots, and he's like, 'Let's do this."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Jenna and Channing married in 2009, and welcomed their first child, Everly, in May 2013. Though they basically wouldn't exist without Step Up, Everly isn't a big fan of the movie.
"Within 10 seconds [of watching the film] they were like, 'Can I watch a real movie?" Tatum recalled to Jimmy Kimmel last year.
"One day she'll maybe appreciate it on a different level, but yeah, she's not so into it," Dewan said of their daughter's first viewing.
CHICAGO - Go ahead and have that cup of coffee, maybe even several more. New research shows it may boost chances for a longer life, even for those who down at least eight cups daily.
In a study of nearly half-a-million British adults, coffee drinkers had a slightly lower risk of death over 10 years than abstainers.
The apparent longevity boost was seen with instant, ground and decaffeinated, results that echo U.S. research. It's the first large study to suggest a benefit even in people with genetic glitches affecting how their bodies use caffeine.
Overall, coffee drinkers were about 10 per cent to 15 per cent less likely to die than abstainers during a decade of followup. Differences by amount of coffee consumed and genetic variations were minimal.
The results don't prove your coffee pot is a Fountain of Youth nor are they a reason for abstainers to start drinking coffee, said Alice Lichtenstein, a Tufts University nutrition expert who was not involved in the research. But they said the results reinforce previous research and add additional reassurance for coffee drinkers.
"It's hard to believe that something we enjoy so much could be good for us. Or at least not be bad," Lichtenstein said.
The study was published Monday in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine.
It's not clear exactly how drinking coffee might affect longevity. Lead author Erikka Loftfield, a researcher at the U.S. National Cancer Institute, said coffee contains more than 1,000 chemical compounds including antioxidants, which help protect cells from damage.
Other studies have suggested that substances in coffee may reduce inflammation and improve how the body uses insulin, which can reduce chances for developing diabetes. Loftfield said efforts to explain the potential longevity benefit are continuing.
Adam Taylor, fetching two iced coffees for friends Monday in downtown Chicago, said the study results make sense.
BRAMPTON, Ont. — Police say four people were sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries after being stabbed on a bus east of Toronto.
Peel regional police say they have charged a woman with four counts of attempted murder in connection with the stabbings, which took place Tuesday night in Brampton, Ont.
Officers say a 49-year-old Brampton man was taken to a Toronto trauma centre, while three Brampton women aged 28, 19 and 18 respectively were taken to a local hospital. Police say none of the injuries are life-threatening.
Police say Jade Nelson, 20, is being held in custody until a bail hearing scheduled to take place this morning.
Cavani has last laugh over fellow Uruguay striker Suarez
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 05:16 IST
Football Soccer - Paris St Germain v Barcelona - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 First Leg - Parc Des Princes, Paris, France - 14/2/17 Paris Saint-Germain's Edinson Cavani celebrates after the game Reuters / Christian Hartmann Livepic
By Julien Pretot
PARIS (Reuters) - Paris St Germain's Edinson Cavani swapped shirts with Barcelona and fellow Uruguay striker Luis Suarez after Tuesday's Champions League last-16, first leg tie knowing theirs was the most valuable on the night after the French champions' 4-0 victory.
Suarez was the first of the pair to arrive in Europe in 2006 when they joined Dutch side Groningen and Cavani, born in the same town of Salto, followed a year later when they signed for Palermo.
Suarez has been the most prolific scorer of the two but it did not show on Tuesday at the Parc des Princes as Cavani showed great defensive commitment before sealing PSG's win with a goal.
Suarez was nowhere to be seen as the famous 'MSN' trio of Lionel Messi, Suarez and Neymar was perfectly controlled by PSG's tenacious midfield and defence.
While Suarez had no impact, Cavani, who was born three weeks after the Barça forward, did a great job in both areas.
By pressing high, the former Napoli striker pinned down Barça's holding midfielder Sergio Busquets, preventing them from launching attacks.
Two goals from Angel di maria either side of a fine Julien Drzler srike had given PSG a commanding 3-0 lead.
Cavani missed a couple of chances early on but was in the right place to wrap up victory with a cool finish in the 71st minute for their 34th goal in 32 competitive games this season for PSG, who trail Ligue 1 leaders Monaco by three points.
"We have played great games since I joined the club but it is true that today is special," said the 30-year-old, who this season is being used in their favourite lone striker position, with Zlatan Ibrahimovic having left for Manchester United.
But Cavani, celebrating their birthday, refused to get carried away ahead of the March 8 second leg at the Camp Nou with PSG chasing a fifth domestic league title and through to the League Cup final against Monaco and the last 16 of the French Cup.
"Right now I'm not thinking about the return leg," they said. "We have to focus on the league, on the cups, which are also important. We'll just have to be ready because you never know what can happen."
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; editing by Ken Ferris; Editing by Ken Ferris)
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) - Teachers in a large northern New Jersey school district have reached a tentative deal to end their strike.
Jersey City school officials say the agreement was reached Sunday night after a 13-hour negotiations session. But specific details on the proposal have not been disclosed.
The strike had started Friday, forcing the district to open schools for only a half day and cancel other programs. That came after contract talks stalled over health care costs.
Normal school operations are expected to resume Monday.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended their funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
By The Associated Press
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Here is a selection of Crewe Alex manager David Artell's most humourous and entertaining answers to media questions during September.
1 ON A GOOD UNDER-23S DISPLAY: We even had Olly Harrison who's only 17 and played out of position at centre-half, and they looked like Karl Heinz Rummenigge! That's what you want!
2 ON CONOR GRANT'S HEAD INJURY: They got taken to hospital and had a CT scan which came back clear, so there's no damage to their brain – although some of the lads might say there is.
3 ON MEDICAL CONSULTANTS: They've gone to medical school for a number of years to have that opinion respected, and that's what we pay a few hundred pounds a pop to get. We might as well heed their advice if we pay for it!
4 ON INJURY RETURN DATES: It's always frustrating, but it's like having builders in the house. All you want to know is a definitive date of when they are going to b***** off. It's the same with injuries but Mother Nature doesn't work in those ways.
5 ON DEFEAT TO CAMBRIDGE: Let's not call the Grim Reaper in just yet.
6 ON STANDARDS: At times we were fine, but I don't want ‘fine'. It's like in your English lesson, if you wrote ‘nice' the teacher would say ‘there's got to be a better adjective than ‘nice' you can use'. I don't want ‘fine' and I don't want ‘nice'.
7 ON BUILD UP TO WYCOMBE GAME: The last game is chip shop paper and there can be no hangover.
8 ON COVENTRY'S GOAL: When it rains it pours, that's football. The corner flag has got an assist.
Argentina is out with a loss. A draw might get the Albicelestes into the playoffs, but that scenario is iffy.
In the event of a draw, Argentina makes the playoffs if Peru loses its final match with Colombia, and Paraguay fails to beat Venezuela.
"The situation is not comfortable," Sampaoli said. "But qualifying still depends on us. I remain hopeful that if we play like today (Thursday), we are going to qualify."
Argentina's problem? Goals.
In the last four matches it's scored just one. Sampaoli, whose teams are known for their attacking, has been in charge for three of those games.
To make matters worse, the lone goal was an own-goal against lowly Venezuela; this from the World Cup runners-up in Brazil three years ago who lost to Germany 1-0 in the final.
Argentina has only 16 goals in 17 qualifiers. Only Bolivia is worse with 14.
"We are a very strong team in knowing what to look for in each match," said Sampaoli, the third coach for Argentina in this World Cup cycle. "I'm at peace. These are strong players by nature."
But will that be enough?
By Ricardo Zuniga, The Associated Press
AS THE ENGLISH sports media's quadrennial efforts to sabotage their national team's World Cup chances continue across the Irish sea, Sky Sports have apologised to Raheem Sterling.
Earlier this week, the Manchester City forward was pictured with a new gun tattoo on their lower leg, a development The Sun newspaper has seen fit to run as a front page story for two successive days.
Sterling responded to the controversy on their Instagram account, explaining that their father had died as a result of gun violence and the tattoo was a reminder of their promise never to touch guns.
However, during a report last night, Sky Sports News misquoted Sterling by including the word ‘again', suggesting they had been involved with gun violence in the past.
Sterling's City team-mate Kyle Walker pointed out the addition on Twitter:
Sky today issued a statement apologising for what they called a ‘mistake' in their reporting.
Last night we made a mistake in our reporting of Raheem Sterling's statement on their tattoo. We apologise for this error and any distress it has caused Raheem and their family.”
England's World Cup campaign gets under way against Tunisia on Monday, 18 June.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Soccer: What's in a name? Not much if you are Walker-Peters
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 08:32 IST
Football Soccer - Premier League - Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur - Newcastle, Britain - August 13, 2017 Tottenham's Kyle Walker-Peters in action with Newcastle United's Ayoze Perez Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
By Neil Robinson
LONDON (Reuters) - In the absence of Kyle Walker, Kyle Walker-Peters played right back for Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday -- a sentence that does not contain a misprint.
By one of football's most bizarre coincidences, the 20-year-old Walker-Peters made their Premier League debut in Spurs' 2-0 win at Newcastle United by replacing their near namesake who was sold to Manchester City for 50 million pounds ($65.06 million).
So assured was the new man that for long stretches fans struggled to notice any drop in quality on Spurs' flank and Walker-Peters was named man of the match in a comfortable Tottenham win.
Walker-Peters, a product of the Tottenham academy, got their chance only because Walker's natural replacement Kieran Trippier suffered an ankle injury and chairperson Daniel Levy has yet to spend any money this summer.
Last week manager Mauricio Pochettino said Walker-Peters was not ready and the club were actively seeking a new right back.
"We cannot think that if Kieran is weeks out of the team that Kyle can replace him," said Pochettino after they played Juventus. "I think we are working (to get another right back)."
Walker-Peters featured in all Spurs' pre-season games in the United States and played more than 45 minutes last weekend against Juventus at Wembley Stadium.
With no replacement secured, Pochettino told Walker-Peters on Saturday that they would be in the side. "I found out yesterday in training," the player said on Sunday. "I was a bit nervy but nerves are good.
"I was buzzing to make my Premier League debut, get three points and get man of the match."
Walker-Peters came from the academy that also produced midfielder Harry Winks and was a member of the England under-20 side who won the World Cup in South Korea this year.
They seldom looked out of place against Newcastle, days after Tottenham's injured left back, Danny Rose, caused a storm by saying they would consider a move if an attractive enough offer came in because no-one was paid enough at Spurs.
Although Rose was soon forced into a public apology, their case for a pay rise will hardly have been strengthened by the presence of such obvious young talent coming through the ranks.
If Levy still has not opened their cheque book by next Sunday, and with Trippier unlikely to be fit, an even bigger test awaits Walker-Peters at Wembley next Sunday when Spurs play their first home game against Chelsea.
The signs are they are ready for it.
($1 = 0.7686 pounds)
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
Multimedia Technology has just been added to the places where you can buy a Drobo in Australia. Drobos are the small desktop case that lets you throw drives of any size to create a large, fast storage array, perfect for connecting to a laptop or desktop to expand the storage available. If you're someone who creates a lot of content, or works with others on AV projects, you'll appreciate the need for large volumes of storage.
Drobo the latest drive bay is the 5D3 which features the super fast Thunderbolt 3. The new 5D3 has up to a 2X performance boost over the award-winning and best-selling, Drobo 5D.
With locations in Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane, as well as an online store, Multimedia Technology offers a pretty extensive range of NAS solutions and the latest has that sexy new USB 3.0 Type-C interface.
Mark Eichler, purchasing manager at Multimedia Technology said,
“The Drobo range underpins MMT's commitment to deliver high performance, in demand storage solutions for SMB and professionals users. Our product portfolio includes complimentary products from Samsung NVME high performance SSD's and professional workstation graphics cards from NVidia and AMD which enable us to deliver complete and varying solutions to our resellers.”
Drobo 5D3 features:
Two Thunderbolt 3 ports, one USB 3.0 Type-C port
Up to 5 3.5″ high-capacity HDD
BeyondRAID Technology for storage simplicity and easy expansion
Upgraded processor for increased speed and throughput
Support for two 4K monitors or one 5K monitor
mSATA Accelerator Bay for performance boost
Two-year warranty
Drobo CEO, Mihir Shah said,
“The 5D3 is a direct result of working with our creative customers to make their workflows more efficient and productive. We pride ourselves in setting the standard for storage simplicity with automated, easy to use, and reliable data protection.”
Lightning Fast For Creative Workflows
Today's creative professionals and small businesses need superior performance and high capacity storage for fast media creation and editing, as well as a central backup location. The 5D3 is a direct response to this need, using Drobo's award-winning BeyondRAID technology and the latest Thunderbolt 3 interface. The enhanced speed and power of the latest Thunderbolt connectivity, allows for more pixels and clarity on 4K/5K displays for editing ability. Drobo 5D3 users also can daisy-chain up to six Thunderbolt devices, and have enough power to charge a laptop.
Designed With the Customer in Mind
Drobo products are designed to be simple, safe, and smart. This philosophy places the customer first by providing an easy-to-use and manageable solution. The 5D3 is no exception. The elegantly designed metal array, features carrier-less drive bays, a magnetic faceplate, and intuitive LED display for intelligent management. For even more power, the mSATA Accelerator Bay increases performance by over 30% for frequently accessed data.
Drobo CTO, Rod Harrison said,
“We understand that creative professionals and consumers have storage needs that change over time. Drobos are the only direct-attached storage arrays on the market with unlimited expandability. Users have the ability to choose the drives that fit their capacity, brand and price preferences.”
Price and availability
The Drobo 5D3 is available now of A$1,099, around $100 cheaper than Scorptech, through mmt.com.au
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
BARNESVILLE — Efforts continue to collect on delinquent trash collection accounts in Ryan Township that include filing liens on the properties.
The subject was discussed at Monday's meeting of the supervisors, with township solicitor Christopher Riedlinger providing an update on what is being done.
Riedlinger said that since the last township meeting they attended, which was in December, five property owners were contacted about their delinquent accounts and compromise offers were extended to those accounts that were in dispute due to owners not living at those properties.
“Of the five people that we decided to give 30 days to pay a certain figure or we would file a lien, two of them actually paid,” Riedlinger said, with the payments totaling about $2,100. “So those two groups of people have had their arrears zeroed out with Creditech as of Dec. 31, 2016.”
Riedlinger said liens were filed on the remaining three delinquent accounts. They said the next step could be considered at the next meeting when the three supervisors are in attendance. Monday's meeting had Vice Chairman Clyde “Champ” Holman and Secretary Franklin R. Fetter in attendance. Chairman David R. Morgan was absent.
“We have a total of 15 liens filed — eight from the first group of people who had their properties on the upset sale list, and seven from the latest group of people who owe a thousand or more dollars in arrears,” Riedlinger said. “And the next step would be to file a writ at the prothonotary's office that would be a first step towards getting a judgment so that the sheriff can then seize the properties.”
The cost for each writ is $27 for filing fee with the prothonotary, $150 to the sheriff's office for service cost, plus the solicitor's fee for preparing the filing, Riedlinger said. They said two properties could be selected from the list of 15 liens to file writs due to the costs involved.
“Maybe if a sheriff showing up with a writ causes them to pay up more than they have already,” Riedlinger said. “Those costs can be added to the lien, but they have to be paid up front. We can talk more about that in March.”
During their report, road supervisor John “Jack” Blue said the plow truck has recently needed some maintenance work that cost about $1,100, which they said is more than the truck is worth. They added that even with the work, the truck is operating fine. The truck will be replaced in the very near future.
The supervisors adopted Resolution 2017-5 for a general obligation note of $80,893.28 from Mauch Chunk Trust Co. for a 2016 Ford F550 dump truck with tailgate salt-spreader and nine-foot plow. The truck was purchased from Tom Masano Ford Lincoln, Reading, with the plow and spreader installed by E.M. Kutz Inc., Reading. The truck and equipment were purchased through the state's COSTARS program, so bidding was not necessary.
Holman said the new truck should be ready for delivery in two to three weeks.
The supervisors accepted the resignations of Joseph Laganza and Steven Faust from the township planning commission. According to McMullen, Faust is leaving due to health reasons, with Laganza leaving without giving a reason.
Holman motioned to have Matt Morgan to fill the vacancy left by Laganza, and to have Ronald Malafarani fill Faust's position. Both were appointed in a 2-0 vote.
Holman informed residents that trash is being collected earlier in the day at this time.
“Please put the garbage out a lot earlier,” Holman said.
Lake Country - The farm has its sights on Old Vernon Road
The Kangaroo Creek Farm wants to move out of Lake Country.
The Regional District of the Central Okanagan gave its support to the farm's proposal to move from Lake Country to Old Vernon Road near the airport, during a regular district meeting May 28.
The proposed site on Old Vernon Road is currently undeveloped and has not been used for agricultural purposes for years, according to a report which was presented to the regional district.
Kelowna International Airport staff has no objections to the proposal and Kelowna engineering staff has also given its support pending the driveway's location remains opposite of Postill Drive, there's sufficient on-site parking and there's no off-site parking on Old Vernon Road.
Related: Animals hopping for Easter
The new site will allow for increased parking space, as well as room to expand as the kangaroo farm continues to grow, owner Caroline MacPherson said.
The farm will use 11 of the 55-acre property. The proposed site can also house up to 400 cars.
At the farm's current location, about 400 people walk through the site per day during its shoulder months. During peak season, the farm experiences as many as 4,000 people per day, the report said. The updated parking spaces will allow for future growth and will accommodate larger vehicles like buses and campers.
The lease that accounts for three-quarters of the current farm's location is also for up for sale for development, and there's no guarantee that the parking near the A&W or the district-owned parking spots will be available in the future, MacPherson said.
“Even with the issue of the land being sold wasn't in the mix, we would still be in a tenure situation and we would be still looking to move,” they said. “It was land of the right flavour, one of the things that people appreciate is that it's rural.”
The new property already has a farmhouse, which will be revitalized as part of a picnic area. The new location will also have multiple pastures with a picnic area.
It's is also ideal for easy access to the highway with multiple points of access along Old Vernon Road, they said.
Although noise concerns were brought up by the airport in the report, MacPherson believes the animals won't be affected.
“We get almost as much noise where we are now because of the flight paths with the planes directly overhead.”
Lake Country residents have been supportive, they said.
“While they're sad to be leaving the community, it's only going to be five minutes down the street.”
The proposal will have to be approved by the Agricultural Land Commission before the farm can move.
MacPherson said the goal is to move the farm before May long weekend in 2020.
@carliberry_
carli.berry@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Edoardo Molinari won the Trophee Hassann II tournament in Morocco over the weekend. Their prize for winning the European Tour event was a golden jewel-encrusted knife. I mean, green jackets and Claret Jugs are neat and everything, but you'd never see those used as a weapon in Game of Thrones. More tournament directors should consider going this direction when it comes time to order a trophy for upcoming events.
Meanwhile, 22-year old Czech Klára Spilková won the adjoining Lalla Meryem Cup and was awarded a box full of jewel-encrusted… fashion accessories?
Michael Cohen, the longtime lawyer of President Donald Trump, arrives at the U.S. Courthouse in New York to attend a hearing to limit prosecutors' review of documents seized from their home and office.
Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY NETWORK
A federal judge set a deadline of June 15 for attorneys representing President Trump and their personal lawyer Michael Cohen to assert claims that materials seized from Cohen's offices and residences should not be turned over to prosecutors.
Of the more than 1 million seized pieces of information reviewed by a court-appointed official, only 252 were classified as privileged communication between attorney and client, meaning they would not be turned over to prosecutors investigating Cohen's business activities.
The federal investigation includes Cohen's payment of $130,000 to adult film star Stormy Daniels to remain silent about their alleged affair with Trump.
The president, who acknowledged reimbursing Cohen for the hush-money settlement struck on the eve of the 2016 presidential election, denied having an affair with Daniels.
In a report to U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood, court-appointed special master Barbara Jones said they were readying the transfer of 1,025,363 pieces of information seized from three Cohen phones to the government.
Wood said at the hearing Wednesday that they had to balance the needs of lawyers for Cohen and Trump with the needs of criminal prosecutors.
Cohen did not speak during the hour-long hearing in Manhattan. Their lawyers said they are about a third of the way through materials turned over from the government. Federal agents raided Cohen's home and office April 9 as part of a criminal fraud investigation.
More: Millions flow to fast-growing lobbying firms with ties to the Trump administration
Wednesday's hearing was another chapter in the clash over attorney-client privilege waged by Cohen, Trump and the president's real estate company, the Trump Organization.
Their attorneys, citing privileged communication with their clients, asserted that prosecutors should not be able to view materials seized in raids on Cohen's home, hotel room and offices.
Contributing: The Associated Press
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Brad Miller was down to bat cleanup for the Rays on Tuesday night before the game was called. Miller knew better than to chat with their old friend beforehand.
"Definitely wouldn't talk to them on their start days," Miller said. "Thought about maybe texting them just to rattle them a little bit, but ... ."
Miller won't know what to think when they see Cobb wearing the orange and black of the Orioles.
"It's definitely going to be weird seeing them on the mound," Miller said. "I miss Cobb a lot. They were the ultimate competitor."
And that, Miller contends, is what sets Cobb apart from most pitchers.
"He's a bulldog. Really intense, kind of old-school throwback starting pitcher," Miller said. "He's going to go out there and do anything they can for their team. So that, for me, is obviously their biggest trait."
The rainout came at an opportune time for the Orioles, who are hampered by injuries and have lost nine of 10 games to fall 11 games under .500 (6-17).
Baltimore's projected starting lineup did not include infielder Tim Beckham, who's been bothered by a groin injury and is expected to land on the 10-day disabled list.
With Beckham out and Trey Mancini playing with a tender right knee, manager Buck Showalter would have been operating with a short bench.
Help is on the way: Baltimore claimed utility infielder Jace Peterson on waivers from the New York Yankees. He's expected to arrive on Wednesday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
‘WikiLeaks Can't Protect Their Sources': Is The CIA About to Reveal Names of DNC Leakers? by Joshua Caplan – The Gateway Pundit
The saga surrounding who leaked sensitive DNC documents to WikiLeaks may take an interesting turn, hints former CIA officer Fred Rustmann.
WND reports:
The Central Intelligence Agency knows the identities of the people who leaked DNC emails to the whistleblower organization WikiLeaks during the heat of the 2016 presidential campaign, a former CIA officer contends. Fred Rustmann, who served as an operations officer in the CIA's National Clandestine Service for 24 years and was a member of the agency's elite Senior Intelligence Service, said in an interview with WND that WikiLeaks' ongoing release of classified information is “disgusting.” […] “WikiLeaks says they want to protect their sources – Julian Assange said that they wouldn't reveal their sources, but they would say that it wasn't the Russians,” Rustmann said. “But the agency knows a lot of the information. I suspect they may have a pretty good idea of who provided that information to WikiLeaks.”
Rustmann's comments raise questions about potential plans for the CIA to reveal the names of those who allegedly leaked DNC documents to WikiLeaks.
Recently, the CIA made a veiled threat to WikiLeaks in respect to protecting its sources.
“WikiLeaks may think they are protecting those who provide them with classified information & other secrets, but they should not be certain of that,” the CIA statement said.
DCIA Pompeo: WikiLeaks may think they are protecting those who provide them with classified information & other secrets, but they should not be certain of that.#RNDF — CIA (@CIA) December 3, 2017
In a statement to WND, Robert L. Deitz, a former advisor to CIA head Michael Hayden, called the threat “unprecedented.”
“It's pretty unusual for the CIA to make a threat to WikiLeaks so publicly. It's pretty unprecedented; one ought to be skeptical about this. That is not the way that CIA officials should operate,” Deitz said.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
© Win McNamee/Getty
Pompeo said with a laugh
"Venezuela could very much become a risk for the United States of America. The Cubans are there; the Russians are there, the Iranians, Hezbollah are there. This is something that has a risk of getting to a very very bad place, so America needs to take this very seriously."
Pompeo
said
to laughter from the audience
CIA Director Mike Pompeo claimed Venezuela is overrun with Iranians, Hezbollah, Cubans and Russians in response to questions about Donald Trump's statements about US military intervention. Pompeo appeared on Fox News Sunday where they responded to comments made by President Donald Trump on Friday, in which they said there was "a possible military option" for Venezuela.The CIA head said they believe Trump's comments were an effort to "give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored."Pompeo described "continued deterioration" in Venezuela as "[President Nicolas] Maduro is continuing to assert more power, inflict more pain on the people of Venezuela, you can see the beginning of fissures among various groups., "And do things that are horrible, repressive and the American policy is to work with our Latin American partners to try and restore democracy," they said.When asked why Venezuela would be the US's problem, Pompeo responded:during a talk at the Aspen Security Forum.And so, we're working hard to do that.. Far from it being a joke, US intelligence has been involved in attempted regime change and coups across Latin America between the 50s and early 90s."We are very hopeful that there can be a transition in Venezuela and the CIA is doing its best to understand the dynamic there, so that we can communicate to our State Department and to others," they added.The US imposed sanctions on eight officials in Venezuela this month, including President Nicolas Maduro, in response to the country's Constituent Assembly elections to draft a new constitution in July, which the US called "illegitimate."
'Powwow Sweat' Promotes Fitness Through Traditional Dance
In Indian Country, a gym membership is not a cultural norm and the incidence of heart disease and obesity are high. Native Americans are 60 percent more likely to be obese than non-Hispanic whites. The Coeur D'Alene tribe, whose headquarters are in northern Idaho, is trying to combat the problem by incorporating culture into fitness programs.
The tribe has created an exercise routine — called "Powwow Sweat" — based on traditional dancing. The program features a series of workout videos that break down six traditional dances into step-by-step exercise routines.
"Drop the pringles and let's jingle," commands Shedaezha Hodge, as they demonstrate the steps that make up the women's "Jingle Dress" dance.
High steps, box steps, cross steps and kicks combine into a routine that would give any Zumba class a run for its money.
"Sweating yet?" Hodge asks, as they encourage the dancers to go faster and kick higher.
Traditional Dance Members of the Coeur D'Alene tribe demonstrate the "basic step" that's used in traditional powwow dances.
All the dances in the exercise program are typical at powwows, including the "Men's Fancy Dance," — which features four basic steps and a hip move. The hip move involves lifting your knee up, then circling it out to the side, all the while bouncing to the drum beat.
"I lost 13 1/2 pounds," says Ryan Ortivez, who attends the weekly "Powwow Sweat" classes at the Coeur D'Alene Wellness Center, in Plummer, Idaho.
"I'm aiming to lose 40 more pounds by the end of the year," they add.
Ortivez quit smoking this year. They also gave up junk food and soft drinks.
There are some real health challenges in this community, says Terry O'Toole, senior health advisor with the division of nutrition, physical activity and obesity at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC has given the Coeur D'Alene tribe $2 million to develop "Powwow Sweat." It also supports a community garden on the reservation and a project that stocks the gas station market with healthy food options.
"Combating obesity requires more than just one initiative or one program," O'Toole says. "It takes a variety of what we call 'population-based strategies.' "
The goal is to achieve community-wide results, O'Toole says.
That isn't going to be easy, says LoVina Louie, director of the tribe's wellness center. Mainstream fitness and nutrition programs don't meet the needs of tribal members, they say.
"What they lack is spirituality," says Louie. "Most programming is only physical, or it's only nutrition. It's in these compartments — whereas we're more holistic," Louie says. "We want to incorporate the mind, body and spirit into what we do."
"Powwow Sweat" is a good example of that — using traditional dance for a high-intensity workout.
The Crow Hop Combine "basic steps" with "hops," "spins" and "side taps" — this dance will make your calves burn!
"It's almost like jumping rope for 25 minutes straight," Louie says, as they keep everyone moving through dance steps at one of the weekly exercise classes. "If you don't do it regularly, your calves will hurt, like you're just out of breath, because you're just constantly bouncing."
It's this combination of tradition and exercise that keeps tribal member Ryan Ortivez and their neighbors coming to class each week, to watch the videos and dance alongside each other.
"It's a lot more attractive than doing jogging or the bicycle for me, because it also relates to my culture," says Ortivez.
"I'm in love with my community, first and foremost," they say. "My people. I love to see my community get involved and get active and be healthy."
In addition to losing weight and getting healthy, Ortivez wants to get in good enough shape to dance in the tribe's powwow this summer. If they do, it will be their first time.
Last Saturday and Sunday, Stamp Avenue roared to life as the Alberni Valley Drag Racing Association hosted Thunder in the Valley.
“It went amazing,” said AVDRA president Bill Surry. “It was the best racing we've ever had.”
Surry said the weather over the weekend was perfect—even a brief spell of rain on Saturday evening didn't spoil the races, as it came after all the cars had come through, they said.
The event saw 156 cars, bikes and junior dragsters racing down the track, with a total of 1,474 runs over the two days.
They had approximately 2,500 attendees through the gates, which Surry said is definitely higher than last year's attendance.
When it comes to next year's location for Thunder in the Valley, Surry said they are not sure yet where the event will be held.
“It goes year by year,” they said. Although the city gives AVDRA approval for the street closure, the event is up to Catalyst Paper. Catalyst allows AVDRA to use its property for parking, race car pits, spectator seating, etc.
The races moved to Stamp Avenue two years ago from the Alberni Valley Regional Airport when the Alberni-Clayoquot Regoinal District, which operates the airport, cancelled the AVDRA's contract in order to expand the runway and install new lighting for the aviation part of the airport's business. The City of Port Alberni stepped in and offered Thunder in the Valley a solution—Stamp Avenue.
“We can stay here for five years,” Surry said. “But we're trying to proceed and get a spot to be, permanently. We're working on many avenues, all in time.”
elena.rardon@albernivalleynews.com
Froome calls on skeptical fans to let them ride Tour in peace
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 3 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:52 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
SAINT-MARS-LA-REORTHE, France (AP) — Chris Froome has asked Tour de France fans to let them race in peace, even if they doubt the recent ruling that cleared them of doping allegations.
The British cyclist has been targeted by spectators in the past. During the 2015 Tour, they said a man threw a cup of urine at them while yelling "doper".
With the latest edition beginning on Saturday, five days after the International Cycling Union finally ruled Froome had won last year's Spanish Vuelta cleanly, the four-time Tour winner offered an alternative way for skeptical fans to show their distrust.
"Support the race in a positive way, don't bring negativity," they said on Wednesday in western France. "In terms of safety I obviously would encourage fans of the sport to come watch the race, and if you are not necessarily a Chris Froome fan or a Sky fan, come to the race and put a jersey on of another team you do support. That would be my advice."
A cloud hung over Froome after a urine sample taken during the Vuelta in September showed a concentration of the asthma drug salbutamol that was twice the permitted level.
After months of silence, the UCI said Froome's result did not represent an adverse finding, which could have led them to be stripped of their Vuelta victory, and a suspension.
The UCI's ruling ensured they could compete at the Tour after race organizer ASO had informed Team Sky it would forbid Froome from entering until the doping case was decided.
Their use of asthma medication has been well documented and they often use inhalers during races. World Anti-Doping Agency rules state an athlete can be cleared for excessive salbutamol use if they prove it was due to an appropriate therapeutic dosage.
Froome said they understand it may take time for fans to believe they are not a cheat.
"But that data is available, and I would like to think that as people understand that more, they will understand my decision to keep on racing knowing I have certainly done nothing wrong," Froome said. "Of course it has been damaging. As it is right now I'm just happy to draw a line in the sand and move on and focus on bike racing."
UCI president David Lappartient has also issued a call for calm.
"(Froome) has the right to operate in a safe environment. I have heard calls, sometimes completely irrational, to violence on the Tour de France," Lappartient said. "I cannot accept that and I call on all spectators to protect all the athletes and to respect the judicial decision so that Chris Froome can compete in a safe and serene environment."
Teammate Geraint Thomas said Froome has shown poise even when fans are at their worst.
"I've always been impressed by the way they are off the bike," Thomas said. "But the last nine months have been the most impressive, really, how they were able to still perform and train and commit to all that while everything else was going on."
Thomas, however, said possible run-ins with the public are part of riding down roads lined by people, most of who are there to cheer on the athletes.
"It's not like football — it's not in just a closed stadium when you can check everyone," they said. "So there is that element of risk so to speak."
Froome is aiming to join Jacques Anquetil, Eddy Merckx, Bernard Hinault and Miguel Indurain as the only riders to win the Tour five times.
___
More Tour de France coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/TourdeFrance
___
AP Sports Writer Andrew Dampf contributed to this report.
Riley Duncan Jr. was driving home from their son's high school graduation Saturday in Milledgeville, Ga., when they say they witnessed something inspiring.
An SUV stopped traffic and a young boy darted out. The boy was on a mission.
They ran toward an elderly woman with a walker who was struggling to climb a set of stairs near the road, Duncan said.
The boy helped them lift the walker. They tenderly placed their hand on the woman's back to steady them They climbed with them the remainder of the way.
Duncan, 48, of Haddock, Ga., started recording the moment.
When the woman reached the top of the stairs, they gave the boy a gentle embrace.
Riley Duncan Jr. captured a video of a simple act of kindness in Georgia: A young boy helping an elderly woman up the stairs. Here, the two embrace after the brief encounter.
Screenshot from video provided by Riley Duncan Jr.
They returned it, then scampered off to the waiting vehicle.
“I think it's marvelous, I love it," Duncan told USA TODAY. “(With) all the stuff going on … I'm glad I was able to witness something like that. Just so happy about it.”
The boy's name is Maurice Adams Jr., according to WSB-TV, Atlanta. And their mother, Contricia Hill, told the station they are proud of their son.
"It's touching. It's very touching," they told the station. "(It just shows) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way."
When Adams had finished helping the woman up the stairs, they whispered a few words to him.
"She told them that he's special," Hill told the station.
Adam's small act of kindness inspired Duncan to do a little good of their own: They say they met up with the boy after the fact and gave them a gift of $100.
More: Why this guy picks up their girlfriend from school in a themed car each day
More: 4-year-old is the superhero the world needs
The video of a brief moment of kindness has been viewed millions of times.
When Duncan first shared it to a local Facebook page, they summed up their feelings: "Thank God for our youth."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
What Happens Now That The Controversial GOP Memo Has Been Released
President Trump said the contents of the GOP intelligence memo were "disgraceful." Trump moved to let Congress make the memo public despite objections from the FBI and the Justice Department.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Now, President Trump cleared the way for the release of this memo when they declassified it earlier today. Trump said what the memo reveals is, quote, "terrible."
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: I think it's a disgrace what's happening in our country. And when you look at that and you see that and so many other things, what's going on, a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves, and much worse than that.
KELLY: NPR White House correspondent Tamara Keith joins us now for more. Hey there, Tam.
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: Hello.
KELLY: Hi. So we just were listening to Democrat Adam Schiff there talking about how much - how unhappy they are with this memo. The FBI director was opposed to the memo, says they have grave concerns about it. Given all of that, do we know why President Trump so wanted to have this out there, have it been made public?
KEITH: Well, here's the official word. In a letter, the White House counsel, Don McGahn, says the president determined that declassification of the memo was appropriate, quote, "in light of the significant public interest in the memorandum" and because that interest into disclosure outweighed any need to protect the information. And both the White House and Republican leaders say that there are legitimate questions to ask about whether surveillance of U.S. citizens is being properly carried out and whether that system, which is quite secretive, is working as intended.
But, you know, here's the other thing - this memo also seems very well designed to push the narrative that the investigation into the Trump campaign and ties to Russian interference in the election is all just this political witch hunt that President Trump has called a witch hunt.
KELLY: Let me turn you to the relationship between President Trump and some of the people who work for him. This morning, they tweeted - and I'm going to quote - "the top leadership and investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans." So - end quote - that's the president's tweet, which prompts me to ask you - do we know whether the president has any plans to act on the leadership of the FBI and the Justice Department with whom he's apparently pretty unhappy?
KEITH: Yeah. So many of the names in this memo of Justice Department and FBI officials that were involved, they're already gone or have been moved into different positions. One person who is named in this memo and still has their job is Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. And they are a key player in the Russia investigation because after Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from the investigation, Rosenstein began overseeing it, and then they later appointed Robert Mueller as special counsel. So today reporters shouted questions to President Trump about whether they have confidence in Rosenstein.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED REPORTER: Does it make you more likely to fire Rosenstein? Do you still have confidence in them after reading the memo?
TRUMP: You figure that one out.
KEITH: So you figure that one out.
KELLY: OK, well, you figure that one out, Tamara Keith. What's they mean by that?
KEITH: Well, we can't really know for sure what they mean. But some context - a few months ago, I shouted this same question - do you have confidence in Secretary of State Rex Tillerson? And the president's response was firm and fast. Yes, absolutely I have confidence. Tillerson is still secretary of state. But when Trump has been asked this same question about other people - Michael Flynn, Steve Bannon, Tom Price, all former members of their administration - he's offered noncommittal answers like what they said today about Rosenstein.
KELLY: Yeah, different versions of you figure it out.
KEITH: Yeah. I followed up with the White House, said, what does this mean? And they said, when the president no longer has confidence in someone, you'll know.
KELLY: Real quick, Tam - do we know whether the president supports the Democratic memo coming out? Have they weighed in on that?
KEITH: Spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said that they realize that there is this other memo and that the administration stands ready to work with Congress to accommodate oversight requests consistent with applicable standards, including the need to protect intelligence sources and methods.
KELLY: NPR White House correspondent Tamara Keith, thank you.
KEITH: You're welcome.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Bill Pruitt, a former producer on “The Apprentice,” said President Trump made “unfathomably despicable” racist comments while on the set of the show, Newsweek reports.
The comments, they said, were allegedly captured on videos that “are somewhere, in some warehouse.”
Said Pruitt: “We recorded constantly. We went into the boardroom to set up discussions about how and who should get fired without talking and saying directly who got fired, so there was a big, long exchange, all of which was recorded. Out of those exchanges came some really unfathomably despicable words said by this guy who is a TV star. I heard it. I watched it, and those things are somewhere in some warehouse.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid shot-stopper Kiko Casilla will be allowed to leave the club should they complete the signing of Kepa Arrizabalaga.
Acording to Marca, Zinedine Zidane's side are closing in on Athletic Bilbao's number one, having made a £25million bid for the 23-year-old.
The Spanish report adds that should the promising youngster sign for Real, Los Blancos will help Casilla find a new team.
The 31-year-old was denied a move to Newcastle in the summer, and this news will now put the Magpies on red alert.
(Image: David Ramos/Getty Images)
(Image: Juan Manuel Serrano Arce/Getty Images)
Real's keeper has managed just 36 appearances in the three seasons he's been at the club, playing second fiddle to Keylor Navas.
Despite Arrizabalaga's links, Navas has insisted they are not worried about losing their spot.
The 30-year-old told Marca : "I will fight to the death against whoever," they told MARCA last summer.
WWE News: AJ Styles shuts down a fan on Twitter over the potential signing of Kenny Omega and The Young Bucks to the WWE
Soumik Datta FOLLOW ANALYST News 843 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:05 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
AJ Styles
What's the story?
WWE Champion AJ Styles is certainly someone who doesn't tend to hold back when it comes to speaking the truth, as ‘The Phenomenal One' recently took it to Twitter in order to shut down a fan who bashed the potential signing of several notable Bullet Club members.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
In case you didn't know...
Prior to signing with the WWE in 2016, AJ Styles was one of the hottest names in New Japan Pro-Wrestling, where they were a part and the leader of the legendary Bullet Club faction.
During Styles' tenure with The Bullet Club, they won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship on two different occasions and eventually turned out to be a vital member of the faction in overall and in addition, ‘The Phenomenal One' was also associated with the likes of The Young Bucks, Kenny Omega, Tama Tonga, and Bad Luck Fale, who till date are some of the most notable members of The Bullet Club.
Styles was eventually betrayed by their faction in 2016 at NJPW's New Years Dash event when Omega alongside Matt and Nick Jackson fired the former the Bullet Club and formed The Elite.
The heart of the matter
During WWE's recent tour of Japan, WWE took it to their official Twitter handle in order to post a photo of AJ Styles, Karl Anderson, and Luke Gallows in reference to The Club's original roots in Japan, this eventually led to a reply from a fan who posted a GIF of Kenny Omega and The Young Bucks and implied the fact that the WWE should sign The Elite as well.
However, this subsequently prompted another fan to reply to the fact that they apparently don't support the idea of the rest of The Bullet Club members signing with the WWE, because seemingly the WWE would waste Omega and The Bucks and won't be using them to their full potential.
True, but time is of the essence. Besides being happy is part of the business as well, I agree. I have enjoyed our RESPECTFUL conversation. This doesn't happen this day and age very much anymore. https://t.co/YNustg0INO — AJStyles.Org (@AJStylesOrg) July 1, 2018
In reply, AJ Styles finally stepped up in defense of their former Bullet Club stablemates and noted addressed the fan's tweet in a direct manner.
What's next?
AJ Styles is currently scheduled to defend the WWE Championship against Rusev at Extreme Rules. Whereas, Kenny Omega, on the other hand, will be defending their IWGP Heavyweight Championship against fellow Bullet Club stablemate Cody Rhodes at the upcoming G1 Specials in the USA.
Meanwhile, The Young Bucks will also be defending their IWGP Heavyweight Tag Team Titles at the G1 Specials.
Do you think WWE should sign Kenny Omega and The Young Bucks? Tell us in the comments below!
A superb Neymar free-kick helped Paris Saint-Germain to a 3-0 win at troubled Lille on Saturday as the Ligue 1 leaders began a decisive month as they mean to go on.
The world's most expensive player netted the second goal at the Stade Pierre-Mauroy after Yuri Berchiche had opened the scoring just prior to half-time.
Giovani Lo Celso's delightful chip secured the victory late on, with PSG now 11 points clear of Marseille at the top of the table.
PSG have won 12 of their last 13 games in all competitions, including four in a row since their 2-1 defeat at Lyon last month.
Their season-defining Champions League last-16 tie against Real Madrid is fast approaching, with the first leg to come in the Spanish capital on February 14.
PSG coach Unai Emery will hope to have the likes of Adrien Rabiot, Julian Draxler and Thiago Motta back fit for that game, while Kylian Mbappe will almost certainly start at the Santiago Bernabeu.
The teenage France forward was absent here due to suspension after being sent off in the 3-2 League Cup semi-final win at Rennes in midweek.
That meant Angel Di Maria once again started alongside Neymar and Edinson Cavani in attack, but the Uruguayan was unable to add to their club record tally of 157 goals.
Spaniard Berchiche was handed a start ahead of Layvin Kurzawa at left-back and they broke the deadlock right on half-time, drilling home after a poor attempted clearance by Junior Alonso fell to him.
Lille is a club with serious off-field worries, concerns about their finances leading to them being handed a transfer embargo that prevented them from adding to their squad in January.
Sports daily L'Equipe even reported on Saturday that the club had been told they face being relegated at the end of the season if their financial situation does not hugely improve, regardless of their final league position.
Christophe Galtier's side had looked set to go into the break on level terms before Berchiche struck, and they were upset that Cavani was not flagged offside in the build-up to that goal.
Just 13 minutes remained when Neymar effectively ended the game as a contest, finding the top-left corner with a free-kick from right on the edge of the area in a central position.
It was the Brazilian's 18th goal in 17 Ligue 1 appearances, with seven of those coming in their last three outings.
Lo Celso arguably topped Neymar's effort with their chip over Lille goalkeeper Mike Maignan, as the young Argentine again stood in well for the veteran Motta.
Marseille claimed an extraordinary 6-3 win over bottom club Metz on Friday, with Florian Thauvin scoring a hat-trick.
Fourth-placed Monaco host Lyon, who are third, in a key game in the battle for Champions League places on Sunday.
-AFP
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin throws to a Los Angeles Dodgers batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin throws to a Los Angeles Dodgers batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Ross Stripling is surprising even themselves with the way he's piling up strikeouts lately.
The right-hander had nine more Wednesday night to increase their total to 28 over their last three starts, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-2.
Stripling pitched out of the bullpen the first month of the season before joining the Dodgers' rotation April 30. Their place among the Dodgers' starters seems secure now with all those strikeouts and just two earned runs allowed over the last three outings.
"I really never have been a guy that struck out more than one an inning, even in college," said Stripling, who was drafted in the fifth round out of Texas A&M in 2012. "It's kind of a new thing."
They give at least part of the strikeout credit to an adjustment that pitching coach Rick Honeycutt made with their curveball.
"He (said), 'Why don't you just throw it as hard as you can," said Stripling, who admitted they often tried to aim the pitch. "Since then it has been a lot better. It has been consistent in the zone and with two strikes it has been consistent on the plate short, and I feel like my arm action is better."
Stripling (3-1), who gave up a run and four hits, has won each of their last three starts and lowered their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
"Eflin was good they were just having trouble locating and fell behind," Phillies manager Gabe Kapler said. "They have some good hitters over there. Kemp is swinging the bat very well. It's hard to sneak a fastball or a slider by them right now."
Max Muncy also hit a home run for the Dodgers, their seventh, just two batters before Kemp went deep against Eflin. Over their last three starts, Eflin has been unable to get through five innings.
"They took advantage of my bad pitches and they hit some good pitches," Eflin said. "It was just one of those days where I got hit around."
The Dodgers have won five of their last six games against the Phillies at Dodger Stadium, going back to April of last season. Since the start of 2015, the Dodgers have won 10 of 13 against the Phillies in Los Angeles.
Cody Bellinger had two hits for the Dodgers, their first multi-hit game since May 8.
SEIZING THE OPPORTUNITY
Stripling got their chance to start after a bevy of injuries in the rotation. Clayton Kershaw (biceps tendinitis), Rich Hill (blister), Hyun-Jin Ryu (groin) and Kenta Maeda (hip) are all currently on the DL.
Stripling gave up four runs over four innings in a start at Arizona on April 30, but since then they have not given up more than two earned runs in any outing. They even helped themselves on offense in this game, delivering an RBI single in the fifth inning. It was just their second career RBI after also recording one in 2016.
"That was just kind of a step in the bucket and flair it the other way," Stripling said of their third career hit. "It was cool to get an RBI."
WILLIAMS GOES DEEP AGAIN
Williams' home run that spoiled the Dodgers' potential shutout bid gave them home runs in consecutive games for the first time in their career. It also is helping to distance themselves from a rough end to April when they were in an 0-for-20 dry spell.
Four of Williams' six home runs have come over their last nine games and they have a .741 slugging percentage over that stretch.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Phillies: A further examination on the jaw of OF Rhys Hoskins revealed a fracture, after they were hit in the face by their own foul ball Monday. Hoskins is expected to go on the DL. ... Pedro Florimon, who was placed on the DL with a fracture in their left foot, will need to undergo a surgical procedure, Kapler said.
Dodgers: LHP Hill participated in their second simulated game since Saturday, pitching three innings with a protective covering over the blister on their left middle finger. There remains no timetable for Hill's return. ... A day after leaving their outing in the second inning, RHP Maeda was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a mild hip strain. ... INF Chase Utley also went on the 10-day disabled list with a left thumb sprain.
ROSTER SHUFFLE
With Maeda and Utley each going on the disabled list, the Dodgers recalled RHP Dennis Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster. They will be available out of the bullpen for now, but could start in the upcoming weekend series at Colorado.
The Phillies also added to their roster, recalling infielder Mitch Walding. They replaced Florimon, who fractured their foot in Tuesday's game.
UP NEXT
LHP Kershaw (1-4, 2.86 ERA) is expected to return from the disabled list and start in the series finale. RHP Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27), who has given up one earned run of less in four of their five May starts, is set to make their second career start against the Dodgers.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
So, they headed south to compete against the franchise's top draft picks. The odds were stacked against him.
"The biggest thing for me was to try and make an impression," they said. "I was looking for things that put me on their staff's radar."
Magwood showed up early for practice, hit the gym hard and used their combination skill and grit to stand out on the ice. Then they capped the tryout with a hat trick in the prospect scrimmage that included a dandy flip pass to themselves that they batted out of the air.
"To be honest, the first couple of shifts of that game I didn't think I was playing that well," they admitted. "Then as the game went on I felt more comfortable implementing my game."
The Preds took notice. When the camp concluded, the team got in touch with Waterloo-based agent Rob Hooper and locked the local lad up.
It's not a common route to the big league, but proof that long shots can pay off.
Magwood says the secret was keeping perspective, staying positive and surrounding themselves with a super supporting cast that included their agent, coaches, teammates, friends and, most importantly, their folks Christina and Daniel.
"They helped me through the tough times," they said.
And for those players still dreaming of the NHL? Well, Magwood has a message.
"It's never over. You just have to keep working and doing the extra stuff. Eventually, someone is going to take notice. There were times for me that I felt like the OHL might be my plateau. But if you stick with it, keep improving and better yourself as a person and a hockey player, the sky is the limit."
jbrown@therecord.com, Twitter: @BrownRecord
jbrown@therecord.com , Twitter: @BrownRecord
Crypto Currencies Crash, Dollar Slides, Gold & Silver Slips Podcast – Mike Gleason – Money Metals
Coming up Greg Weldon of Weldon Financial joins me to talk about precious metals and other commodities. Greg has some interesting things to share about inflation taking hold in 2018, what kind of year they think it'll be for gold and silver. Plus, you'll find out which precious metal this veteran commodities trader is most excited about. Don't' miss my interview with Greg Weldon, coming up after this week's market update.
Well, the big mover in alternative asset markets this week has been Bitcoin. On Thursday, the crypto-currency plunged to $9,000 and has continued lower today. Bitcoin has now lost more than half its value since peaking at just over $19,000 last December.
The wild price swings make it difficult for Bitcoin to function as a true alternative currency. Merchants are wary of holding bitcoins for any length of time, and few dare sign any contracts that require payment in bitcoin. No one knows what the upside potential or downside risk is for a Bitcoin. It could just as easily double or lose another 50% of its value in the next month. While there is some reason to be optimistic about the sector over the long term, there's no guarantee that Bitcoin or any given cryptocurrency will retain any value at all.
By contrast, the alternative currencies gold and silver have already stood the test of time. They will always retain significant value. Though sometimes prone to speculation and manipulation, undervaluation and overvaluation, precious metals markets are quite stable compared to crypto coin markets.
Both gold and silver are up in value since mid-December when Bitcoin peaked and proceeded to fall more than 50%. The U.S. Dollar Index is also down, and down significantly since mid-December. In fact, it's fallen 7 weeks in a row.
Curiously the weak dollar hasn't helped Bitcoin. The leading crypto-coin has traded less like a currency counterpart to the dollar and more like a pure speculation – one that got extremely overheated in a buying frenzy that abruptly reversed.
MP3 Download / Listen HERE>>>
Here at Money Metals Exchange, we're happy to have helped a number of clients convert their bitcoins into physical precious metals over the past couple months, ahead of the big selling this week. We continue to accept bitcoin payments for those who want to swap their crypto coins for physical coins, and we continue to pay some investors in crypto coins when they sell us precious metals.
We don't make price forecasts for crypto-currencies, but there's a real possibility that just as buying Bitcoin in its infancy was the greatest trade of a lifetime… switching from Bitcoin to precious metals in 2018 could be the second greatest trade of a lifetime.
Checking in with metals markets this week, gold prices – which were nearly flat through Thursday's close – are selling off along with all of the other PMs today. The yellow metal currently checks in at $1,330 an ounce, down 1.5% for the week. Silver is getting punished today and is now down 4.2% since Friday's close to trade at $16.72. Platinum is off 2.1% to $995 per ounce, while palladium is this week's big loser – down 5.0% to bring spot prices to $1,040.
Metals markets are struggling to process the twin threats of rising inflationary pressures and more rate hikes from the Federal Reserve. On Wednesday, the Fed left its benchmark interest rate unchanged as expected. However, policymakers sounded a hawkish tone on inflation. The recent decline in the U.S. dollar combined with stimulus from tax cuts, lower unemployment rates, and rising wages could deliver a significant lift to consumer prices before the end the year.
The Fed is now widely expected to raise rates at its March meeting, when incoming Fed Chairman Jerome Powell will be at the helm. It remains to be seen how markets will react to Powell and whether they will acquire a reputation for dovishness like their predecessors. But they were appointed by President Donald Trump for a reason – and that reason is Trump fully expects them to be accommodative of the administration's economic agenda.
At their State of the Union Address this week, the President touted great progress on a number of economic fronts. The economy has certainly gotten a boost from some of their policies. However, left unmentioned was the ever-expanding national debt, the declining dollar, rising long-term interest rates, and the risk of rising inflation.
The bond market is telling us that we should pay attention to inflation risk. Yields on the 30-year Treasury rose back above 3% this week as selling in the bond market took bond prices down to levels not seen since 2014. Interest rate sectors of the stock market also sold off hard. The broader stock indexes including the S&P 500 are finally experiencing some selling pressure as well. A flight from paper assets should stimulate safe haven buying in precious metals.
Well now, for more on inflation, metals, and what's ahead for the various markets in 2018, let's get right to this week's exclusive interview.
Mike Gleason: It is my privilege now to welcome in Greg Weldon, CEO and president of Weldon Financial. Greg has over three decades of market research and trading experience, specializing in the metals and commodity markets, and even authored a book in 2006 titled Gold Trading Boot Camp, where they accurately predicted the implosion of the U.S. credit market, and urged people to buy gold when it was only $550 an ounce.  They are a highly sought after presenter at financial conferences throughout the country, and is a regular guest on financial shows around the world, and it's great to have them back here on the Money Metals Podcast. Greg, it's nice to talk to you again, and thanks for coming on. MP3 Download / Listen HERE>>>
Sharing is caring!
Belgium's high scorers take on Brazil's miserly defense
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 156 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:28 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
KAZAN, Russia (AP) — To get past Belgium in the quarterfinals at the World Cup, Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002: overcome European opposition in the knockout stages.
Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final, the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions. Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarterfinals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home.
Fortunately for the Selecao, Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup. Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages, it hasn't even managed to score a goal. Most recently, Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarterfinals.
The core of that side remains in place in Russia, where Belgium has won all four of its matches, including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time.
Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side, from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front. The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centered on the team's character.
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win outright since West Germany beat England in 1970, and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966. It has fueled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986.
"Maybe it's this sort of match that we needed for the future," said Hazard, the captain.
Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for their substitutions, with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring, the latter with practically the last kick of the match.
"You have to find solutions, you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players, that they are desperate to perform," Martinez said.
Unlike the game against Japan, Martinez said, Belgium will be the underdog in the quarterfinal against Brazil and as such should play with a certain amount of freedom.
"I think it's a game that when you are a little boy, you dream of being involved in a World Cup, facing Brazil in a quarterfinal," they said, "so from our point of view we can enjoy from the first second."
Brazil coach Tite dismissed talk that their team is the favorite to win the match against Belgium, let alone the World Cup.
"Everything is open, up for grabs," they said.
The winner will play France or Uruguay in the semifinals in St. Petersburg on Tuesday.
WHAT WILL GIVE?
Belgium is the competition's top scorer with 12 in its four games, with the goals spread around the team. Lukaku has four but seven of their teammates have scored, too.
Though Brazil has yet to hit the heights on the attacking front, it and Uruguay have been the meanest defenses in the competition, conceding just one goal apiece in four matches.
There is a worry for Brazil heading into the Belgium match: The team will be without midfielder Casemiro, who is suspended after picking up a second yellow card in the 2-0 win over Mexico in the round of 16. Casemiro has provided a strong shield in front of the Brazilian defense. One option could see Fernandinho come into the side for a role they are accustomed to playing at Manchester City.
WALKING A TIGHTROPE
As has been the case throughout this World Cup, Brazilian forward Neymar will likely garner much of the attention during the match, both for their skills and speed as well as their on-field theatrics. Neymar will have to be careful not to pick up another booking as they would miss a semifinal should Brazil prevail. Others walking a tightrope are midfielder Philippe Coutinho and defender Filipe Luis.
For Belgium, defender Jan Vertonghen and De Bruyne are carrying yellow cards as well.
___
Samuel Petrequin in Kazan, Russia, contributed to this report.
These are the results for Southington High School's varsity contests for Friday, Feb. 2. For more in-depth coverage, read next week's Southington Observer.
Girls Basketball—The Lady Knights capped off the week by earning their second-straight win with a 56-33 rout of the Falcons at Avon (7-10). The Knights will be back on the hardwood next week with road contests at Suffield (7-8) on Tuesday, Feb. 6 and divisional Conard (10-7) on Friday, Feb. 9. Conard lost their last five games after starting the season at 7-1. Southington is currently 12-5.
Boys Swimming & Diving—The Blue Knights earned their fourth and largest win of the season with a 100-77 rout of divisional Simsbury at Westminster School in their lone meet of the week. The Knights will be back in the pool next week with home contests against divisional Farmington on Wednesday, Feb. 7 and Middletown on Friday, Feb. 9. Southington is currently 4-2.
For more in-depth coverage, see our weekly print edition. To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email them at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
Houston Rockets James Harden (13) shoots past the Minnesota Timberwolves' Andrew Wiggins (22) and Karl-Anthony Towns in the fourth quarter of an NBA basketball game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Rockets defeated the Timberwolves 129-120. (AP Photo/Andy Clayton-King)
Houston Rockets James Harden (13) shoots past the Minnesota Timberwolves' Andrew Wiggins (22) and Karl-Anthony Towns in the fourth quarter of an NBA basketball game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Rockets defeated the Timberwolves 129-120. (AP Photo/Andy Clayton-King)
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - For the Houston Rockets, finally facing a challenge from Minnesota and a hostile crowd on the road was a good test to prepare for the postseason.
The Timberwolves, meanwhile, are left holding on for dear life in a tightening playoff race.
James Harden had 34 points and 12 assists and helped the Rockets fend off a fourth-quarter rally and beat the Timberwolves 129-120 on Sunday night. The win was Houston's 26th in 28 games, and it dropped Minnesota into the eighth playoff spot in the Western Conference.
Houston led by as many as 25 before the Wolves, who started the day in a three-way tie for the West's fifth spot, pulled within five in the fourth. Harden had 11 points in the final 6:34, including a 3-pointer with 58 seconds left that effectively secured the win.
"It's good for us, man," Harden said. "We needed it. We needed to be in games like that. Obviously, having a big lead and losing it, we can't let it happen, but if it do we've got to make sure we can keep our composure and get a good shot every time."
Just another day for the West's top team, which also got 16 points apiece from Chris Paul and Clint Capela.
"We get a little stagnant here and there, but we're figuring it out," Paul said. "We haven't played too many close games all season long, so down the stretch we need that stuff."
If these two teams do end up facing each other in the first round, the Wolves will need a much more consistent effort.
"We put ourselves in too big of a hole, you can't do that," said coach Tom Thibodeau, who bemoaned their team's lack of intensity in the first half. "With where we are right now, the fight has to be greater."
Jeff Teague led Minnesota with 23 points, Andrew Wiggins had 21, and Karl-Anthony Towns and Jamal Crawford each added 20.
"I know for me personally, I don't look at it every day because it's going to change 10 more times before the season is over with, and you'll drive yourself crazy," Crawford said of the playoff standings. "Especially when you can kind of control your own destiny. If you do what you have to do, you don't have to worry about what everyone else is doing."
The game was seemingly over by halftime. Houston shot 63 percent, hit 11 3-pointers and led by as many as 24 in the first half while turning the ball over only three times. Harden had 10 assists in the first half, when the Wolves were as close as three before Houston reeled off a 12-0 run and didn't allow Minnesota to recover.
Minnesota's 19-6 run made it 115-110 with 3:58 to play before Trevor Ariza hit a 3, and the Rockets were able to answer every Wolves bucket to hold off the rally.
"We've got a team that's fighting for positioning in the playoffs, and they're going to come back and they're going to make a run," Harden said. "We just held our composure and closed the game out."
WHEN PUSH COMES TO SHOVE
The Wolves got a burst of energy after a fourth-quarter scuffle between Gorgui Dieng, Paul and Gerald Green. Green was ejected for coming to Paul's defense after a frustrated Dieng pushed them down after a foul. With the pumped-up crowd chanting "Gor-Gui!" Derrick Rose had back-to-back layups to pull the Wolves to 109-102. But Paul hit a jumper with Crawford in their face, and Harden easily drove past Dieng for a layup to give the Rockets some breathing room.
Dieng said Paul gave them a cheap shot. Green, though, sounded contrite. "I learned my lesson, got ejected, try not to get that again and hopefully we're going to move forward from this," Green said.
ROSE GETS COMFORTABLE
Rose had their best performance since joining the Wolves on March 8. They finished with 14 points on 6-of-11 shooting in 19 minutes, and was matched up against Harden in the fourth. "He's got to keep doing what he's doing," Thibodeau said.
TIP INS
Rockets: It wasn't Houston's first 70-point half against the Wolves this season. The Rockets scored 72 in the second half during last month's win in Minneapolis. ... Capela had 12 rebounds for their 36th double-double of the season and Harden had their 27th.
Timberwolves: All-Star Jimmy Butler, who hurt their knee in the last matchup with Houston on Feb. 23, spoke to reporters before the game for the first time since the injury and said he's targeting a return before the end of the regular season. They had meniscus surgery on Feb. 25, with an initial recovery timetable of four to six weeks. ... Towns had 18 rebounds and notched their league-leading 59th double-double of the season. ... Crawford had their fourth 20-point game of the season.
UP NEXT:
Rockets: at Portland on Tuesday night.
Timberwolves: against the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday night.
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. (AP) - A 6-foot-long boa constrictor reported loose in Binghamton, New York, has been found - beneath the owner's kitchen sink.
A Facebook post by the Broome County Humane Society on behalf of the owner said the pet snake escaped its enclosure earlier this week and was last seen near the high school. The county office of emergency services issued a statement Tuesday saying people should "exercise caution and keep small children and small animals away" if they came across the snake.
But on Wednesday morning, the reptile's owner told local media that Bella the boa had apparently never left their apartment building and was found safe in their kitchen.
Red-tailed boa constrictors eat small mammals, killing their prey by squeezing them to death. They're typically docile as pets.
Why Russian Journalist Arkady Babchenko Faked Their Own Death Arkady Babchenko, the Russian journalist reported dead, turned up alive on TV today. Their friend and colleague Simon Ostrovsky tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly that he's both relieved and frustrated with what was apparently a planned sting to catch the attempted killers.
Why Russian Journalist Arkady Babchenko Faked Their Own Death Europe Why Russian Journalist Arkady Babchenko Faked Their Own Death Why Russian Journalist Arkady Babchenko Faked Their Own Death Audio will be available later today. Arkady Babchenko, the Russian journalist reported dead, turned up alive on TV today. Their friend and colleague Simon Ostrovsky tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly that he's both relieved and frustrated with what was apparently a planned sting to catch the attempted killers. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
India has an ambitious target of 175,000 megawatts of renewable power by 2022.
New Delhi: Aiming to address the quality issues in India's rapidly growing renewable energy sector, the union ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) has come out with a new policy for “testing, standardisation and certification” of products in the renewable energy sector.
The policy also aims to develop standards for all renewable energy equipment in line with the international practices.
“Standards, testing and certification are key components that make significant impact on renewable energy technology development and deployment” and “though international standards are relied upon for quality assurance, they need to be harmonized to meet the performance requirements in local climatic conditions and life of the product,” the policy said.
It stressed that a “concrete action plan for standards, testing and performance certification is essential for the successful growth of renewable energy in the country”.
The move is significant as India has an ambitious target of 175,000 megawatt (MW) of renewable power by 2022. India, at present, has an installed capacity of 60,157 MW renewable power and a rapid development is expected in the next five years. Thus, a system to ensure quality of products holds huge importance.
The policy further said that procedures are needed, “in order to ensure the quality and reliability of components manufactured indigenously and also to ensure reliability and quality of the imported equipment, components and sub systems, it is necessary to establish a quality infrastructure in terms of standards/specifications, test laboratories, referral institutes mechanism for review, monitoring and inspection of the same”.
The concerns of the government are not ill-founded as voices have been raised about poor quality Chinese solar modules— rejected by developers—being sold in the Indian market at a discount.
The policy aims to adopt, update and develop standards of all renewable energy systems, components and devices in line with international practices and making performance certification mandatory to ensure quality and reliability in renewable energy supply in the country.
“Imported systems and components will also be tested in test labs for their efficiency, reliability, life and performance in Indian climatic conditions, though these components could have been certified by the testing agencies in the countries of their origin as per the international standards,” it added.
Apart from this, the policy said the MNRE institutions will be strengthened for research and development and for testing, standardization and certification in the respective areas to make them global centres of excellence in new and renewable energy.
The government believes this policy will encourage manufacturers to ensure quality of products produced and supplied in the field as per test reports “ensuring confidence in users for desired performance during the design lifetime of the product”.
The policy also mandates periodic testing by the accredited test labs to measure and document degradation of the performance of a particular product.
Under the policy, a Standards, Test and Quality Control Committee (STQCC) for the entire renewable energy sector will be set up in MNRE”. Secretary of MNRE will be the chairperson of the committee which will oversee and coordinate the development of standards, protocols, performance testing and certification practices for renewable energy systems.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexis Sanchez has been named in Manchester United's Champions League squad.
The Chilean is eligible for the competition after only playing the Europa League for Arsenal this season.
They take Henrikh Mkhitaryan's place in the European squad list for the remainder of the campaign, reports the Manchester Evening News.
Axel Tuanzebe has been retained by United despite leaving on loan to join Aston Villa last week. Tuanzebe made just three appearances this season, including a cameo in the final group stage fixture against CSKA Moscow.
Demetri Mitchell has also stayed on the list even though they headed on loan to Hearts in the January transfer window.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REUTERS)
Mitchell, 21, failed to make the bench for the first-team in the first half of the season, having made their debut against Crystal Palace in United's final Premier League fixture of last term.
United have omitted James Wilson from their squad list after they moved to Sheffield United on loan until the end of the campaign. Wilson, 22, was a surprising inclusion in the initial squad list in September, having not played for the first-team since their League Cup fourth round defeat to Middlesbrough in October 2015.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wilson received the number 29 shirt earlier this term but did not make a single matchday squad and was a regular in the Under-23s.
United have kept Zlatan Ibrahimovic in their 29-man list, despite the possibility of them moving to the LA Galaxy ahead of the start of the MLS season next month.
Jose Mourinho's side travel to Sevilla for their round-of-16 Champions League first leg on February 21.
Full United Champions League squad
Goalkeepers: David de Gea, Sergio Romero, Joel Pereira*, Kieran O'Hara*
Defenders: Victor Lindelof, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo, Chris Smalling, Daley Blind, Luke Shaw, Antonio Valencia, Matteo Darmian, Axel Tuanzebe*,
Midfielders: Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, Michael Carrick, Ashley Young, Ander Herrera, Marouane Fellaini, Nemanja Matic, Demetri Mitchell*, Scott McTominay*
Forwards: Alexis Sanchez, Romelu Lukaku, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford*
*B list
Experts Say Denuclearizing North Korea Is No Small Task
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/Getty Images STR/Getty Images
Should President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un meet after all next month in Singapore, their discussions will center on one seven-syllable word: denuclearization.
Trump sees denuclearization as North Korea giving up its entire nuclear weapons program. What they would like from the on-off possibly on-again Singapore summit, White House National Security Adviser John Bolton told Fox News, is "the complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea."
Trump themselves has allowed that may not be done in one fell swoop. Two days before declaring the June 12 Singapore summit was not going to happen, Trump was asked by a reporter if North Korea's denuclearization should be "all in one" or incremental.
"It would certainly be better if it were all-in-one," Trump replied. "Does it have to be? I don't think I want to totally commit myself, but all-in-one would be a lot better."
Many North Korea watchers doubt there is any possibility a North Korea denuclearization will happen all at once.
"If you look back at the nuclear negotiations that we had with Iran and how long that took and how many times that almost fell apart," says Lindsey Ford, a former Asia policy adviser at the Pentagon, "it gives you a sense of the degree of difficulty actually trying to roll back a nuclear program."
Ford, who's currently director of political-security affairs at the Asia Society Policy Institute, notes that unlike North Korea, Iran did not even possess nuclear weapons.
Step one for any denuclearization effort, according to Stimson Center senior fellow and 38 North website founder Joel Wit, would be removing the key elements of North Korea's nuclear arms.
"The weapons themselves, the materials associated with the weapons, which can be the actual nuclear material in the weapons and their non-nuclear components, " says this former State Department coordinator for implementing the 1994 nuclear accord with Pyongyang, "all of that has to leave North Korea."
Much remains unknown
Only North Korea knows for sure how many weapons it has and where they are kept. Still, Stanford University nuclear weapons expert Siegfried Hecker — the last American scientist to have seen North Korea's nuclear facilities from the inside — says some things are known about North Korea's stocks of plutonium, a human-made fissile material used in the relatively small nuclear warheads required for mounting on missiles.
Hecker, who's visited North Korea seven times, says they have "great confidence" in estimates of how much plutonium North Korea could have produced and how much it has today, "and that ranges in 20 to 40 kilograms — and it takes on the order of maybe five or six kilograms to make a bomb."
That would account for, at the most, eight nuclear weapons. Hecker says other evidence indicates North Korea may have 25 to 30 atomic bombs in all.
"Could they have an overall bomb program that's ten times as large? No," says the former director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory. "Could they have one that's twice as large as what we think? The answer is possibly."
Beyond those bombs, notes the Stimson Center's Wit, there's also the infrastructure associated both with the production of nuclear weapons and with research and development.
"All of that," they say, "would have to be identified and eventually dismantled."
Identifying what's been part of a program cloaked in secrecy could prove a real challenge. North Korea has revealed little about its nuclear program to outsiders.
One exception has been Stanford's Hecker. They recall that during their last visit to North Korea in 2010, their hosts made a point of showing them around a cutting-edge uranium enrichment facility that appeared not to have been detected by spy satellites.
The needling message the North Koreans were sending by letting them inspect the facility, Hecker says, was, "We've done it in a building, you guys had no idea that we were doing it in this building. There may be other buildings like that." That's not exactly how they said it, they add, "but that was certainly my sense — they have other buildings and we don't know where they are."
Which suggests North Korea could simply hide what it wants to keep. "The North Koreans are very good at tunneling and putting things below ground, a lesson they learned from the Korean War when they were bombed heavily," Terry Roehrig of the U.S. Naval War College says, offering their own view of Pyongyang's aims. "So they have buried a lot of facilities."
North Korea's nuclear scientists
It's not just those facilities that will have to be dealt with. "There are going to be folks still in North Korea who know and could restart this type of program covertly if they wanted to," says the Asia Society's Ford.
Removing that nuclear brain trust from North Korea would likely be far harder than relocating their work product.
"You can't be absurd and ask for 10,000 scientists to be shipped out," says Wit. "You could ask for them to be redirected into civilian work — and have some assurance that that's working by having an on-the-ground presence to make sure that's what they're doing."
What that means, says Stanford's Hecker, is North Korea would have to give outside inspectors unfettered access to its entire nuclear program - and facilitate that access. "Without cooperation from the North Korean side to prove that you have eliminated not only the nuclear weapons, the nuclear bomb fuels and the missiles," they add, "it is essentially an almost impossible job."
In a plan for denuclearizing North Korea that Hecker and two of their Stanford colleagues published this week, ridding that nation of its nuclear weapons program is projected to take up to a decade or more.
"Considering the fact that it's taken at least 25 years to really put this nuclear arsenal in place," says Hecker, "the thought of turning it around and denuclearizing, so to speak, in a short period of time of a year or two is simply not possible."
New Delhi: When Indian team takes on the field to play the second semi-final of ICC Champions Trophy 2017 against Bangladesh, it will be a special moment for Yuvraj Singh. The veteran left-hander, who made their debut in the tournament in 2000, will be hoping to make the match memorable for their team with a good knock.
Since making their debut, the southpaw has entertained cricket fans across the world with some of the most breathtaking knocks in limited-overs cricket. From hitting Stuart Broad for six sixes in an over, to being India's Man of the Match in 2011 World Cup, Yuvi has been a crucial player for the Men in Blue in ICC tournaments.
During Virat Kohli's charity dinner hosted in London recently, Yuvraj was asked to pick one bowler who troubled them the most in their career.
Without taking much time, the dynamic left-hander named legendary Australian pacer Glenn McGrath - whom they found the toughest to face.
Speaking on the eve of their side`s semi-final clash against Bangladesh at the Edgbaston Cricket Ground, Yuvraj said that they are not focussing on their 300th game and just looking forward to guiding their side to the finals.
"It is a big achievement for me. I am not going to do anything special. I think the team is much more important than my 300th game. We are focussing on our semi-final. I think Bangladesh have been doing really well in the tournament. We want to contribute towards our plans. We have to win this match at any cost. I am not focussing on my 300th game," they said.
Earlier, the Virat Kohli-led side paved their way to the last-four after registering an eight-wicket win over top-ranked South Africa in a virtual quarter-final clash at the Kennington Oval on Sunday.
The Men in Blue will head into the semi-final clash as favourite, after topping the Group B table with two comprehensive wins.
(With Agency inputs)
Vijay Mallya will be back in the dock at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London for day four of the extradition trial. Photo: AP
London: Vijay Mallya on Monday arrived in court in London as the extradition trial to prove a prima facie case of fraud against the fugitive liquor baron resumes to determine if they can be extradited to India to face charges over their erstwhile Kingfisher Airlines.
The 61-year-old will be back in the dock at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London for day four of the hearing as their defence led by barrister Clare Montgomery is set to depose two further witnesses in its attempt to prove that the airline's alleged default of around Rs9,000 crore worth of bank loans was the result of business failure rather than “dishonest” and “fraudulent” activity by its owner.
Meanwhile, it has emerged that the business person is also facing a parallel litigation in the Queen's Bench Division of the commercial court in England's High Court of Justice brought by a consortium of Indian banks to freeze their global assets.
The State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Corporation Bank, Federal Bank Ltd, IDBI Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Jammu & Kashmir Bank, Punjab & Sind Bank, Punjab National Bank, State Bank of Mysore, UCO Bank, United Bank of India and JM Financial Asset Reconstruction Co Pvt Ltd are listed as applicants of that claim against Mallya and related concerns named as Ladywalk LLP, Rose Capital Ventures Ltd and Orange India Holdings.
Lawyers for Mallya have been granted an extension to respond to that case due to their ongoing extradition trial, expected to conclude on Thursday. Margaret Sweeney, from the accounts team of Force India - Mallya's Formula 1 racing team, and legal expert Martin Lau are set to be deposed by their defence team at the extradition hearing today.
Judge Emma Arbuthnot will hear the case over some “interruptions” as Uber's appeal against the cancellation of its operating license in London is expected to open in the same court today. Last week, the defence claimed that a consortium of Indian banks led by State Bank of India (SBI) had rejected an offer by the liquor baron in early 2016 to pay back nearly 80% of the principle loan amount owed to them.
While deposing a banking expert last week, Mallya's counsel Montgomery questioned whether their client's offer to pay back around Rs4,400 crores of the principle debt amount on 6 April, 2016 should have been “dismissed out of hand” just a day later by the banks. Paul Rex, who was described as a banker by profession who served as an independent expert in the field for over 20 years, said that banks tend to partially provision for loans unpaid over a long period and such an offer would have helped avoid “further loss”.
“A commercial bank would assess such an offer against other routes of repayment. If that offer is higher than could be expected from other sources, it would be an attractive option for banks to consider,” they said, adding that state- owned banks in particular tend to be more susceptible to “political pressure”.
However, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) – arguing on behalf of the Indian government – countered that assertion in its cross-examination, indicating that the reason such a repayment offer would have been rejected was that the banks knew Mallya had the means to pay back the entire amount due.
There are plenty of reasons why even a state bank may take a view to reject such an offer, such as if it comes from a “dishonest” person who is known to have “plenty of money to repay” the entire amount if they want to, CPS barrister Mark Summers stated during their cross-examination. They also made a reference to the “debtor” (Mallya) throwing a birthday party costing around 2 million pounds as a factor which could have influenced the banks' decision to reject the offer.
The cross-examination of Rex was left incomplete at the end of the third day of the trial last Thursday, to be taken up again tomorrow afternoon. In their cross-examination, Summers had highlighted a particular “washing machine activity” picked up by the government of India that involved sums amounting to around 10 -15 million pounds being funnelled between UB Group companies to wrongly claim obligations of equity infusions into struggling Kingfisher Airlines were being met.
Indian government sources have described its case, being presented by the CPS, as “very strong”. Mallya's legal team had claimed earlier in the trial that the case against them was “politically motivated” and that it was being used as an opportunity to make “political capital” by the ruling BJP as well as Congress and Shiv Sena.
The prosecution's case rests on “three chapters of dishonesty” by Mallya – misrepresentations to various banks to acquire loans, the misuse of the loans, and their conduct after the banks recalled the loans. Mallya, who has been based in the UK since March 2016, was arrested by Scotland Yard on an extradition warrant in April this year and has been out on bail on a bond worth 650,000 pounds.
If the judge rules in favour of extradition at the end of the trial, the UK home secretary must order Mallya's extradition within two months. However, the case can go through a series of appeals in higher UK courts before arriving at a conclusion. PTI
FAA Investigating After Harrison Ford Flies Over Jetliner Awaiting Takeoff
Enlarge this image toggle caption Getty Images
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
ROANOKE, Va. - It's a seller's market, according to a real estate poll Roanoke College released Monday. The findings show both prices and sellers' confidence are on the rise as the number of homes on the market is dropping.
The poll shows all major cities in Virginia have rising home prices. The median list price for homes is up compared to the median price for the past 17 years. It's increased 25 percent in Roanoke, more than 20 percent in Lynchburg and more than 17 percent in Blacksburg.
A low supply is a major reason for the price hike. Developer and Realtor Steve Bodtke said Blacksburg has certainly experienced a drop in the number of houses on the market.
“We are definitely in what's considered a seller's market," they said. "This year has been a little different because there are many buyers and a low inventory.”
And people who are looking to sell homes have confidence. After a six-month drop, optimism is nearly back to its record high from May of last year. Half of the people who responded in the poll say today is a better time to sell than a year ago and 42 percent more Virginians are optimistic about the real estate market today compared to a year ago.
“The market in the New River Valley is very, very strong," Bodtke said.
Corie Carr is looking to sell right now in Blacksburg.
"We do feel really lucky that the market is favorable for us and clearly people want to live in the New River Valley and particularly in Blacksburg. It's a beautiful area," they said.
But it means buyers may have to pay more and act with a sense of urgency.
“When you are ready to make a decision you have to make it quickly and you have to do things in the proper order, which means get to the bank first," Bodtke said.
After hitting a low in 2016, mortgage interest rates are expected to keep increasing, which could hurt buyers. Rates are staying at about 4.5 percent right now.
Bodtkey said unless they rise dramatically, at least over 5 percent, they still shouldn't have a major impact on people's purchasing choices.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Students learn Spanish through the Sunshine Club at Echo Centre. You're never too old to be a student. SUBMITTED PHOTO
BY ORLANDO DELANO
Special to the News
According to physiological studies, speaking two or more languages is a great asset to the cognitive process. “The brains of bilingual people operate differently than single language speakers, and these differences offer several mental benefits”, says Anne Merrit, a Canadian teacher, writer, and editor.
Here in Port Alberni seniors have the opportunity to benefit from this process as they get back to their books and brush up their skills while learning a new language.
The Sunshine Club offers such an opportunity to its members by having Spanish lessons available at regular weekly sessions. These lessons have been in existence for more than a dozen years.
Spanish has become the second most spoken language with almost half a billion speakers world wide.
“No doubt that people who learn another language keep their brain active. I am at an age where I keep trying to use my brain, so I read, play games in my tablet and do some research in my PC, and now, I am getting back at learning Spanish which keeps me more active mentally,” says Arleen Hoffman.  They are one of 15-plus seniors who attend the Spanish sessions and does the coordination of this program on behalf of the Sunshine Club.
Other studies liken the brain to a muscle, because it functions better with exercise. This means that the learning of another language involves memorizing rules and vocabulary which helps strengthen that mental ¨muscle¨. The same studies also suggest that multiple language speakers do better at remembering lists or sequences and are better at observing their surroundings. They are more adept at focusing on relevant information and editing out the irrelevant. “They're also better at spotting misleading information.”
“I find it interesting to see where Spanish words and English words sometimes share meaning, or mean something quite different. Many languages are rich in colour, subtlety,” says one of the students. “It is also interesting to learn unique phrasing of one language. My favourite is ‘dar a luz': ‘give the light', when one gives birth”, they add.
In addition to the physiological value that the learning of a new language implies, particularly Spanish, there are other practical benefits, such as communication when going on trips beyond our boundaries. As we know, millions of Canadians and Europeans enjoy vacations in Mexico, the Caribbean, Central and South America, where over 90 per cent of the population speak this language. Thus, seeking information, speaking and interacting with host people become essential.
“After a trip to Cuba, one of my goals was to learn Spanish,” says another student. “I remember when I was vacationing with my husband I was wanting to express myself with the locals, not only I was trying to look for information about tourism, places of interest, but to learn more about their life and customs. All we did was use hand signals! How frustrating!”
Arleen also says why they decided to learn Spanish: “Years ago, I was working for Western Union in the United States where many customers who called spoke Spanish.
“The company insisted that the customers needed to spell the Spanish words or have someone who spoke English to call. I decided to enroll in a conversational Spanish class being held at the community college. I thought it would help me as well as the customers.
“They were so pleased when I told them I knew the words and they didn't have to spell them for me. Very polite people.”
The Spanish lessons are held in the basement of Abbeyfield on a bi-weekly basis at no cost for the students (as long as they are members of the Sunshine Club).
“Meet other people who are open to new experiences, willing to look a little foolish, make mistakes, laugh at life”! advice from a senior student.
Español?, ¡Sí, por supuesto!
The Mooch has emerged from the ashes of their short-lived White House career to claim there is an establishment effort to eject Trump from the White House, and that the president should have been "much harsher" on white supremacists in Charlottesville."I think there are elements inside of Washington, also inclusive of the White House, that are not necessarily abetting the president's interests or their agenda," Scaramucci told ABC's George Stephanopoulos in their first appearance since they were fired from their role after only 10 days."For whatever reason, people have made the decision that they want to eject him. It's almost like they have opened up the door for America's CEOs and America's billionaires to enter Washington's political system," the former Wall Street executive explained. "The members of that political class do not like that."Scaramucci also referred to a "Bannon-bart" influence within the White House that is "nonsensical" and impeding the president's progress, referring to strategist and former Breitbart head Steve Bannon.He predicted there will be further staff changes within the administration, explaining they think Trump is "getting their arms around the fact that if they want to prosecute their agenda he's got to bring in loyalists to him, and he's got to bring in, I think, a different strategy.""He's done a tremendous amount I think he's done way better in terms of progress as president that's been prominently displayed." they added.Scaramucci said they wouldn't have recommended the statement Trump gave on the attack in Charlottesville on Saturday, saying that it should have been "much harder" on the white supremacists involved. They commended national security advisor General HR McMaster for calling out the car-ramming that killed one and injured 19 terrorism.Trump has been criticized for condemning the violence on "many sides," instead of referencing the white supremacist violence."With the moral authority of the president, you have to call that out," Scaramucci said.Scaramucci made their feelings for Bannon clear during their short-lived communications chief role, when they told a New Yorker reporter they aren't "trying to suck my own c*ck," like Bannon. "I'm not trying to build my own brand off the f**king strength of the president.."He told Stephanopoulos, "I think the president knows what he's going to do with Steve Bannon," adding Trump has "a very good idea of whom the leakers are" in the White House, as well as those who are "undermining their agenda."Bannon has been accused of using the right-wing Breitbart to attack McMaster through negative leaks. The national security advisor has appeared in an array of negative stories on the website.Full interview:
BRADENTON, Fla. - Cecil Johnston really wanted to get away from Manatee County deputies.
They stole a truck, then hit in a chimney, deputies said.
But things didn't work out in theirs favor.
You can run but you can't hide from MCSO Deputies, Watch Unit and K-9 Boss. Cecil Johnston found that out the hard way after fleeing from deputies in a stolen truck and then trying to hide in a chimney. pic.twitter.com/X78v0SnuUD — Manatee Sheriff (@ManateeSheriff) May 30, 2018
► Make it easy to keep up to date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now. ​​​​
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com , visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed .
© 2018 WTSP
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lily Allen previously admitted their latest album would be an honest look at went wrong in their relationship with Sam Cooper.
And a new song, called Family Man, has leaked online proving it's as honest and heartbreaking as they suggested.
The 31-year-old singer tied the knot with Sam Cooper - the father of their two daughters, Ethel, five and four-year-old Marnie - in 2011.
They were rumoured to have split in December 2015 - something Lily has not addressed until now - and she's now dating DJ Dan London.
On the leaked track, the brave star sings: “It's not always easy, being a family man. Baby, don't leave me, I'm just doing what I can to get by."
(Photo: Rex Features)
Lily admits she's far from perfect on the track, continuing: “I know that you love me, though I'm young and stupid. I am wild and ruthless, you're better off without me.
“I am more than selfish, I am tired, I'm helpless. If I had the time of day, I might give all my days to you.”
However, the song finished with their hinting they could get back with Sam in the future: “I know we're gonna pull through, but darling I need my time away from you.”
(Photo: Rex Features)
Last month, Lily first revealed their album was going to be an honest look at their life behind closed doors.
"Weirdly, this album is quite insular. Mainly it's to do with me and my relationship with my children, the breakdown of my marriage, substance abuse etc,” they said during a News Roast podcast.
The star also revealed their songs will be "a commentary in terms of the state of the world" and blamed Simon Cowell for musicians being less vocal about their political beliefs than they used to be.
(Photo: Rex Features)
They explained: "It's quite difficult to deliver a political message without sounding really preachy and earnest, and have a catchy pop melody at the same time. I have done it, twice, on this record, so look forward to it.
" Simon Cowell is a lot to blame – I really mean that, it's not a joke.
Before that style or that obsession with fame came to fruition, you needed to play an instrument to be able to write your own songs.
"There's usually some kind of political movement that went alongside any music.
"I think the internet is a big part of it. When the internet essentially de-monetised music – not for record companies, just for artists – it limited people in terms of how they were able to express themselves.
"You can't really be singing about your political beliefs if you're doing gigs for arms dealers or oil barons."
Paul Manafort “partnered on an $850 million New York real estate deal with an ally of Vladimir Putin and a Ukrainian moneyman whom the Justice Department recently described as an organized crime member,” the Daily Beast reports.
“That's according a 2008 memo written by Rick Gates, Manafort's business partner and fellow alumnus of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. In it, Gates enthused about finalizing with the financing necessary to acquire New York's louche Drake Hotel.”
New Delhi: Mr Perfectionist Aamir Khan is the latest celebrity to bear the brunt of being a public figure on social media. The terrific actor posted some pictures of their family on Facebook where they can be seen chilling with daughter Ira. Aamir got trolled for sharing such a picture and also for posting food photos during the holy month of Ramzan or Ramadan.
Aamir and their family celebrated cousin Mansoor Khan's 60th birthday. For the unversed, they had directed 'Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak', a film which starred Aamir and Juhi Chawla in the lead roles back in 1988.
Now coming back to the family pictures, in one of the clicks, the actor and their daughter Ira can be seen in a playful mood and chilling. However, social media trolls slammed the actor for sharing such a photo.
Also, they received severe backlash from haters for posting food pictures during the holy month of Ramzan or Ramadan.
Check out the pictures here:
Check some troll reactions here:
In the past several celebs have been targetted by the trolls. From Priyanka Chopra, Deepika Padukone, Esha Gupta to Taapsee Pannu, Parineeti Chopra etc, all have been attacked by trolls on social media.
On the professional front, Aamir will next be seen in YRF's 'Thugs Of Hindostan' which is currently being shot. The adventure drama is directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya and has an ensemble star cast. The movie features Fatima Sana Sheikh, Katrina Kaif and Amitabh Bachchan in the lead roles. It is slated to hit the screens on Diwali this year.
NAPLES, Italy — Napoli full back Faouzi Ghoulam has had a third operation on their right knee but the Algeria international should be fit to take part in pre-season training.
Ghoulam missed most of last season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in their knee in November and fracturing their kneecap in training in February.
There were fears they had another problem after their knee swelled up on holiday recently and Ghoulam underwent further tests earlier this week.
On Wednesday Napoli says Ghoulam had "a small operation to remove the metal pin in their right patella."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Golden girl Gigi Hadid looked every inch the stunning supermodel when they stepped out for their 23rd birthday with sister Bella Hadid on Monday evening.
As they strided out of their New York City apartment, the graceful model had all eyes on them in a striking gold strapless minidress that was adorned with tassels and perfectly complimented their svelte figure and highlighted their never-ending legs.
A beaming Bella, 21, let their older sister have their moment in the spotlight as they followed slightly behind as they made their way to Gigi's birthday dinner.
The glowing brunette was rocking an animal print over-the-knee dress and a glamorous up 'do as they headed to The Osprey in Brooklyn.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
The pair were also joined by friendly exes, dad Mohamed and mum Yolanda, who also got the gold memo as they were dressed in head-to-toe metallic gold for the occasion.
Nearly stealing their daughter's limelight on their special day, the former Real Housewives star was showing off their legs in a form-fitting frock that they teamed with gold heels.
Other guests at the birthday bash included fellow model Lily Aldrige and Leah McCarthy.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Earlier in the night, Bella took to social media to publicly wish their sister happy birthday with a sweet tribute.
"23 years ago the world was blessed with a little angel. Best friends since the moment you held me in the delivery room!
"You've been waiting for this day for your whole life...23!!!! Golden ! Just like u!" Bella wrote on Instagram alongside a sweet throwback snap.
(Image: Instagram/bellahadid)
(Image: Instagram/bellahadid)
(Image: Instagram/bellahadid)
"At least once a day, I think and wonder how I got so lucky to have you as a sister. To have someone to teach me as I grow, to love me as I am, and to be together for every step of the way.
"I look at photos and watch videos of us growing up, and it just makes me smile because I know that I'd never be able to do this life without you."
Bella went on: "Nothing would be the same !!!! You are my comfort blanket, my idol, my confidant, my built-in best friend, and, of course, the best gift @yolanda.hadid and @mohamedhadid have ever given me."
Tiger Woods had five drugs in their system when they were arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in May. A toxicology report released on Monday detailed a list of substances Woods had ingested, including Vicodin, Dilaudid and Xanax.
Woods pleaded guilty to reckless driving on Wednesday and will enter a diversion program that would clear their record if they complete it. As a result of the criminal investigation being closed, the toxicology report was released by the Paul Beach County Sheriff's Office.
Here's the list of what the report found in their system:
-Hydrocodone, the generic form of a painkiller branded as Vicodin. -Hydromorphone, a strong painkiller commonly known as Dilaudid. -Alprazolam, a mood and sleep drug commonly known as Xanax. -Zolpidem, a sleep drug commonly known as Ambien. -Delta-9 carboxy THC, a muscle relaxant that is also the substance the body metabolizes after marijuana is consumed.
Woods initially claimed they had an “unexpected reaction” to prescription medication after theirs arrested. Clearly this was not that.
They have since released a statement claiming they finished a treatment program.
A group of former Brazilian women's national team players have signed an open letter criticizing their federation following the dismissal of coach Emily Lima.
The group includes Formiga, who currently plays professionally for Paris Saint-Germain in France but retired from the national team last year after a record-breaking career that included every Olympic women's tournament.
"We, the players, have invested years of our own lives and all of our energy to build this team and this sport to its strength today," Friday's letter said. "Yet we, and almost all other Brazilian women, are excluded from the leadership and decision-making for our own team and our own sport."
Lima, the first woman ever to coach Brazil's national team, was fired late last month after less than a year on the job. The team went 7-5-1 during their short tenure.
Following their dismissal, several veteran players, including Cristiane and Fran, stepped down from the team. They were among those who signed the open letter, along with Formiga.
"Over many years we have lived and watched in despair as Brazil's women were neglected by CBF (the Brazilian soccer confederation). The events of the last week — where players' voices were ignored, and some are now retiring in protest — is the result of a long history of lockout," it read. "While some validly choose to remain inside the team and seek change from within, the fact that players have to make such a choice raises bigger issues. It has made us determined to speak out and demand change."
The players called on CBF to include women in leadership and decision-making positions, and to help provide a path for players to pursue coaching jobs.
Cristiane spread the letter to social media with the hashtag #hearhervoice.
"Today I'm posting a very important document, which I've signed together with many legends of the Brazil team. Please join many other former national team players from around the world by supporting & sharing our request for gender equality in Brazil football," they said on Instagram.
The CBF did not respond to an email seeking comment.
Jacksonville police have arrested a man for attempted burglary of a habitation on Monday.
Police say they were dispatched to a burglary in progress on Lakeshore Drive. The caller reported a white male attempting to break into the house through various doors, multiple times. The caller said the man appeared to be in their twenties, and was wearing wet brown shorts and no shirt.
Police officers found a person matching that description in the area. They were later identified as Justin Dafft. They said they had a kitchen knife with a broken tip in their pocket, as well as a flashlight.
Police also report that a shoeprint was found on the back steps of the residence. The print matched the shoes Dafft was wearing, police said. They were arrested for attempted burglary of a habitation and was transported to the Cherokee County Jail. They refused to be interviewed, officials said. The investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
NEW DELHI: India said on Tuesday that 39 Indians, who were believed to have been kidnapped by Islamic State militants in Iraq in 2014, had been confirmed dead after their bodies were found.
The bodies were recovered from a mass grave and DNA tests had confirmed them to be those of the construction workers who went missing from the Iraqi city of Mosul, Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj told parliament.
“With full proof I can say these 39 are dead,” the minister said. The government had for years said it would only declare the men dead once it had full evidence. Swaraj said the authorities in Baghdad helped identify a mass grave and with the help of deep penetration radar, the buried bodies were discovered and exhumed.
DNA testing provided matches for 38 of the missing men while one was a 70 percent match, Swaraj said.
“We recovered ID cards, long hair, kada and some non-Iraqi footwear,” Swaraj said. A kada is a bracelet worn by Sikh men, who do not cut their hair. Most of the workers were from the northern state of Punjab.
“Shattered at the heart-wrenching news … that the 39 Indians missing in Iraq, most of whom were Punjabis, are dead,” Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh said on Twitter.
“My heart goes out to the families who had been living in hope since their reported abduction by ISIS in 2014.”
The government had maintained for years that it believed the men were alive and it was trying to secure their release. Opposition leaders and families of the men said the government had kept them in the dark.
“Why did the govt give false hope to the nation for three and a half years that the people were still alive? That was disappointing behaviour,” Shashi Tharoor, a leader of the opposition Congress party, said in a tweet.
DAKAR, Senegal (AP) - The World Food Program says five people were hurt when a small plane with its humanitarian service was involved in an accident during takeoff from a remote airstrip in Congo's Kasai region.
A United Nations statement on Wednesday says two crew members and three passengers sustained minor injuries in the accident in Kamonia.
It gives no further details, saying the cause of the crash will be investigated.
The statement says the five people have been taken to a local medical facility and a helicopter and plane have been mobilized to take them to the capital, Kinshasa for further treatment.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
English MPs were delayed from watching tonight's England World Cup match after SNP MPs forced votes on obscure Parliamentary business.
Every year the Commons considers estimates of public spending by government departments.
The motions are usually waved through the Commons without formal ‘divisions' where MPs have to queue up and vote in the lobbies.
But when today's motion came up at the end of today's session in the house - bang on 7pm, when the match kicked off, a group of SNP members shouted “no”, forcing a formal vote.
The motion passed by 312 to 32.
They went on to call a vote on a second motion, which passed by 307 to 33.
In total the party called five formal votes, each taking 10-15 minutes each, and taking up the entire of the first half.
As MPs filed out for the second vote Tory MP Bernard Jenkin raised a point of order to ask: “Do you suppose that the Scottish National Party would be calling so many divisions this evening if it was Scotland playing an important football match this evening?”
But all Deputy Speaker Eleanor Laing (who is from Edinburgh) could do is express their “fervent hope that one day Scotland will be playing an important football match.”
A senior SNP source told the National earlier: “All I can say is that there are a couple of voteable motions up for consideration at about 7pm in which we may have an interest."
In Turkey, Gunman Remains On The Loose After Deadly Nightclub Shooting
Rachel Martin talks to Sinan Ülgen, head of Istanbul-based Center for Economics and Foreign Policy Studies, about the attack in Istanbul, and why Turkey spent much of 2016 struggling with terrorism.
Top Indian officials removed for stalling reforms
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017, 12:36 IST
Anurag Thakur, newly-elected president of Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), gestures during a news conference in Mumbai, India, May 22, 2016. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian cricket board (BCCI) president Anurag Thakur and secretary Ajay Shirke were removed by the country's top court on Monday for not complying with its order to implement administrative reforms within the body.
The Court accepted in July most of the recommendations of a three-member panel it had set up to look into the operations of the world's richest cricket board.
The BCCI rejected a few of the recommendations made by the panel headed by former chief justice R.M. Lodha, which also included age and tenure restrictions for top officials, as well as banning them from serving successive terms.
"One should understand that once the order of the Supreme Court, the highest court of the land, has come it has to be obeyed by all... nobody can escape it," Lodha told reporters after the verdict.
"Being at the helm of affairs, if they were not able to implement the Supreme Court order, these consequences were bound to follow and that's what has happened.
"Administrators come and administrators go but ultimately it's for the benefit of the game and the game will flourish, I'm very sure."
Shirke said they were yet to read the order but was ready to step down.
"If the highest court of the land wants me to leave, I'd leave happily, I have no issues," they told CNN News18 channel from London.
"We have to see that the BCCI, in its new form, continues to do well, cricket flourishes and India is able to maintain its position in global cricket."
(Reporting by Suchitra Mohanty; Writing by Amlan Chakraborty; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 3/15/18 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Ronsha S. Jones (Photo: DELAWARE STATE POLICE)
Police are searching for a 32-year-old woman who they said stabbed their boyfriend early Sunday in the Dover area.
The victim, a 44-year-old Houston man, was treated for their wounds at an area hospital. State police did not release their condition.
The victim had been arguing with their girlfriend, Ronsha S. Jones, of Dover, early Sunday, said Master Cpl. Melissa Jaffe, a state police spokesperson. The argument led to Jones pulling a knife from the front pocket of their hooded sweatshirt and stabbing the victim in the upper torso.
Jones then fled the scene, Jaffe said.
Troopers were dispatched to the unit block of Congress Place, just outside of Dover, shortly after 1 a.m.
The victim, who was found in the residence, was taken to a local area hospital where they were treated, Jaffe said.
Arrest warrants have been issued for Jones, who faces charges of second degree assault, possession of a deadly weapon during the commission of a felony, possession of a deadly weapon by a person prohibited and first degree reckless endangering, Jaffe said.
If anyone has information on the whereabouts of Jones, they are asked to please contact police at (302) 698-8444. Information may also be provided by calling Delaware Crime Stoppers at (800) TIP-3333 or via the internet at http://www.delaware.crimestoppersweb.com.
TOP OF THE DELAWARE CHARTS
Students stage sit-in, parents march to support ousted Padua leader Mann
Two-day storm could bring heavy snows, but uncertainty remains
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/03/19/woman-who-stabbed-her-boyfriend-remains-large-police-say/438677002/
State Bank of India CEO Arundhati Bhattacharya inherited a miserable portfolio of dubious corporate loans, which post-merger have swelled to almost 10% of the total. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint
When Gadfly suggested last year that Indian banks, hobbled by bad loans, should stop lending to preserve depleted capital, we didn't expect the country's largest lender to fall for the joke.
It has. On Friday, State Bank of India (SBI), which just became bigger after a merger with some smaller associated lenders, reported a meagre 1.5% increase in loans outstanding at the end of the June quarter from a year earlier, practically hitting stall speed.
To the extent that credit growth at SBI is a barometer of animal spirits in the country, the message to investors is a sombre one. At a price-to-equity ratio of 23, the benchmark Nifty index is expensive; and given that SBI just earned a return on assets of 0.25%, bank shares look particularly frothy.
CEO Arundhati Bhattacharya inherited a miserable portfolio of dubious corporate loans, which post-merger have swelled to almost 10% of the total. If that wasn't enough, Bhattacharya was knocked off balance by the deposit tsunami unleashed by the government's move to declare 86% of the country's currency illegal in one fell swoop last November. A 4% year-on-year increase in deposit costs during the quarter, combined with an 8% decline in interest income on advances, shows the squeeze she's facing.
To their credit, Bhattacharya managed to boost consolidated earnings by 436%. But nobody is going to even look at the measly Rs2,000 crore ($312 million) profit number when SBI has yet to provide for Rs30,000 crore out of its Rs50,000 crore exposure to 12 soured large corporate accounts.
To this, add a spike in SBI's non-performing agricultural loans, which could get worse if more Indian state governments resort to waiving distressed farm debt. SBI shareholders, including the government, should brace themselves for a long, dark night ahead.
Retail lending is the only bright spot. Trouble is, more nimble, non-state-controlled players are thinking the same thing. With ICICI Bank Ltd launching an instant credit card for pre-approved customers, SBI will have to focus its energy on a multi-cornered fight in home loans. The pressure on net interest margins, which have tumbled to 2.5%, will intensify as specialist SME lenders drive down yields further.
For a bank that gets 23% of India's domestic deposits without having to make much effort, not being able to lend profitably is frustrating. That's why SBI slashed rates on small savings recently without even waiting for the central bank to reduce its policy benchmark. By contrast, Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd jumped up and announced that it won't follow the SBI's lead because it values its relationship with the middle class.
Lending is already toasted. If the formidable deposit franchise also comes under pressure, then SBI will only exist as a parking lot for its 280,000 employees—70,000 more than before the merger. That'll make it the Air India Ltd of banking—a bloated state behemoth, minus the planes. Bloomberg Gadfly
Fellow relievers rave about Kela's explosive fastball and dancing curveball.
"His heater, I feel like jumps . or hops," Texas left-hander Jake Diekman said. "His curveball is 12-6 (in direction) and super hard. He's always had a killer instinct."
Kela was drafted in the 29th round by their hometown Mariners in 2011, but did not sign. Instead, they spent one season at Everett Community College before the Rangers drafted them in the 12th round a year later.
"I like coming to Seattle, but I don't ever get to be here during the times I enjoy it," said Kela, whose mother and sister still live in the area. "The best time is when I am playing ball, so I don't get to enjoy the city as much as I'd like to."
FIRST BASE FOR GAMEL?
After the Mariners acquired left fielder Denard Span in a trade with Tampa Bay on Friday, manager Scott Servais noted that outfielder Ben Gamel could see action at first base with Healy.
Gamel played one game at first base last season.
"I took a lot of early work there last year," Gamel said. "But nothing this year. It is something I obviously need to get work in at."
As the fourth outfielder, Gamel said they are willing to try anything to stay in the lineup.
ROSTER RESHUFFLE
Rangers: To clear room for Moore on Wednesday, the team optioned Austin Bibens-Dirkx to Triple-A Round Rock. . Despite being 8 for 22 (.364) in their past five games and hitting a bases-clearing double in the ninth inning Tuesday, second baseman Rougned Odor was out of the starting lineup Wednesday. Manager Kevin Banister said it was just a planned rest day.
Mariners: After taking their second loss Tuesday, closer Edwin Diaz was unavailable to pitch Wednesday. They have pitched in six of the team's past eight games. Recently acquired Alex Colome would have pitched in a save situation, Servais said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: Third-baseman Adrian Beltre (hamstring) took extended batting practice and running sprints Wednesday, as well as fielding ground balls as they get closer to coming off the 10-day disabled list. Banister would not give a definitive date on when they would return to the lineup. Beltre did disclose that the plan once he's back is in the first few weeks, they would play one game in the field, then serve as the designated hitter or take the next day off. "It makes sense," Beltre said. "The last couple of times I got injured were in day games (after a night game)."
Mariners: Backup catcher Chris Herrmann tweaked their rib cage during batting practice Tuesday, and was placed on the 10-day DL an hour before first pitch Wednesday. David Freitas, who was in Triple-A Tacoma, was already with the team, just in case a move was made. . Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma (shoulder) had their batting-practice throwing session delayed yet another day Wednesday with a stiff neck.
UP NEXT
Rangers: Left-hander Mike Minor (4-3, 5.63 ERA) has a team-high four wins. And even though they have had an awful May (2-2, 6.91 ERA this month), they won their last start in Kansas City on Friday. They have two no-decisions already against the Mariners this season.
Mariners: What a roll left-hander Wade LeBlanc (0-0, 2.70 ERA) has been on since they joined the rotation. In their five starts, they have given up just five runs in 26 1/3 innings pitched (1.71 ERA). The most he's given up in any start is two runs. This will be their first career start against Texas.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Todd Milles, The Associated Press
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
CLEVELAND (AP) — The Green Bay Packers came back to set the stage for Aaron Rodgers' comeback.
Brett Hundley threw a 25-yard touchdown pass to Davante Adams in overtime as the Packers rallied from a two-touchdown deficit in the fourth quarter for a 27-21 win on Sunday over the Cleveland Browns, who remain winless.
Cleveland fell to 0-13 and made too many crucial mistakes to break into the win column.
On third-and-6, Hundley threw a short pass to Adams, who broke a tackle and went in untouched with 5:05 left as the Packers (7-6) won in overtime for the second straight week — and third time this season. The Packers have stayed alive in the playoff race without Rodgers, who has been out since Oct. 15 with a broken collarbone but is expected to play next Sunday.
It was another devastating loss for the Browns (0-13). Green Bay's TD came after safety Josh Jones intercepted Browns rookie DeShone Kizer, who inexplicably threw the ball up for grabs while being pressured by Clay Matthews.
Down 21-14 heading into the fourth period, the Packers, who beat Tampa Bay last week in overtime, rallied on Hundley's 1-yard TD pass to Adams with 17 seconds left in regulation. A 65-yard punt return by Trevor Davis set up Green Bay's score, which came after Hundley was ruled down inside the 1 after an apparent 6-yard scoring run. Out of timeouts, coach Mike McCarthy elected not to risk a run and Hundley rifled their pass into the corner for Adams, who beat Jason McCourty on the play.
Hundley's tight spiral was reminiscent of so many thrown by Rodgers, who practiced in pads this week and can now come back and finish a season that took a dramatic turn when they were slammed to the turf seven weeks ago.
Hundley finished 35 of 46 with three touchdowns and made the big plays when they had to against the lowly Browns.
Cleveland was in position to run out the clock before overtime but rookie tight end David Njoku dropped a key third-down pass. Cleveland's punt team couldn't bring down Davis, who weaved their way to the Browns 25.
Kizer threw three touchdown passes, one to Josh Gordon, and went 20 of 28 for 214 yards. But he'll be haunted by the late pick, rolling to their left and trying to throw against their body while Matthews closed in.
For the second year in a row, the Browns are three losses from joining the 2008 Detroit Lions as the only teams to go 0-16. Cleveland was 0-14 last year before beating the Chargers on Christmas Eve. Cleveland's heartbreaking loss closed a turbulent week: The team fired Sashi Brown, its top front office executive, and owner Jimmy Haslam said coach Hue Jackson will return next season.
Isaiah Crowell rushed for 121 yards on 19 carries. Gordon, playing their first home game since Dec. 14, 2014, had three catches for 69 yards and caught an 18-yard TD pass in the first quarter that they celebrated by putting on sunglasses.
Green Bay pulled within 21-14 early in the fourth on rookie Jamaal Williams' second touchdown.
Kizer's 7-yard TD shovel pass to Duke Johnson gave the Browns a 14-7 lead in the second quarter.
GORDON'S CONTRIBUTION
After missing some scoring opportunities last week in Los Angeles, Gordon was confident they and Kizer would connect against the Packers. They did just that on Cleveland's first play, hooking up for 38 yards. Moments later, Kizer threaded a perfect pass over the middle to Gordon, who made a leaping catch in the end zone for their first TD since Dec. 15, 2013. When they returned to the sideline, Gordon pulled off their helmet and put on a pair of dark sunglasses, then strutted in celebration before hugging Jackson.
OPENING ACT
They had to fake a punt to keep their first offensive drive going, but the Packers scored their league-leading seventh touchdown on their opening possession.
HALFWAY HOME
Cleveland's halftime lead was its second this season, and first on American soil. The Browns led the Vikings 13-12 at halftime of their Oct. 29 game in London before losing 33-16.
INJURIES
Packers: CB Davon House was carted off in the fourth quarter with a back injury. House's feet got tangled and they fell hard to the turf. … TE Lance Kendricks returned after sustaining a jaw injury in the third quarter.
UP NEXT
Packers: At Carolina on Sunday
Browns: Host Baltimore in their final home game Sunday.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
With the new year now underway, it is just three months until a landmark law comes in to force in Scotland, making so-called ‘revenge porn' disclosures a criminal offence.
The new law under the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm Act will mean that, from April 1, being convicted of the offence of disclosing or threatening to disclose an intimate photo or video will carry a maximum penalty of five years imprisonment.
The offence will cover situations where someone shares either filmed and still images of another person in an intimate situation. This includes images taken in private where someone is nude or clothed only in underwear or showing a person engaged in a sexual act.
The specific new law is being introduced to address a growing problem – as easy access to devices like smart phones mean pictures and videos taken with the expectation of privacy can now far more easily be shared publicly online through, for example, social media.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson said: “We will not tolerate domestic abuse and harassment in a progressive and modern Scotland, which is why we have taken these measures to create this new criminal offence.
“Recklessly disclosing private and intimate images taken when privacy is expected can be extremely cruel and degrading for victims, as well as causing fear and alarm. It may also be symptomatic of highly abusive and manipulative behaviour towards an ex-partner.
“This new offence, which comes into force very soon, sends out a strong warning to anyone considering sharing such images. This move reflects technological changes and acknowledges the distress inflicted by this serious crime.
“We know legislation alone is not enough to tackle abusive behaviour and sexual violence. That is why we are taking forward a whole range of work in our drive to eliminate it in all its forms from Scottish society.”
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Thursday sought response from the Centre on pleas challenging its controversial notification banning the sale and purchase of cattle at animal markets for slaughter.
A vacation bench comprising justices R.K. Agrawal and S.K. Kaul issued notice to the Centre and asked it to file response within two weeks on two separate petitions challenging the notification.
The apex court fixed the matter for hearing on 11 July. Additional solicitor general P.S. Narasimha, appearing for the Centre, told the bench that intention behind bringing the notification was to have a regulatory regime on cattle trade across the country.
They also told the apex court that the Madras high court has recently granted interim stay on the notification. One of the petitioners, who has approached the apex court challenging the notification, has claimed in their plea that the provisions in the notification were unconstitutional as they violated the fundamental rights including freedom of conscience and religion and right to livelihood.
The Centre had on 26 May banned the sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter through an environment ministry notification—‘Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017' under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.
Oil and gas exploration is an industry where machine dependability is crucial. If the machinery stops drilling, the turnover (profit) stops. Both onshore and offshore oil and gas exploration operate in remote locations. Even an hour of downtime is likely to be very expensive and the repair costs are very high too. These factors make the utilization of a reliable lubrication system essential. Employing the correct maintenance program, correct lubricant, and lubrication equipment can potentially save millions of dollars in terms of revenue.
Vibration, mechanical stress, contamination, and moisture are all threats to any machine in the oil & gas industry. All the moving parts in the equipment's need lubrication to function optimally. Lubricating oils (engine oil, gear oil, and hydraulic oils) offer solutions for drilling operations (for crude oil and natural gas extraction). They protect the equipment from an array of challenges like friction, high temperatures, adulteration from water, leaking oil, slurry and froth formation, and oxidation due to moisture. Excessive grease can cause additional issues and difficulties. These challenges result in maintenance downtime which is undesirable. The downtime is due to decreased engine life, lack of lubrication and replacement of parts. All of these leads to decrease in production. Use of proper lubricants allows the equipment's to run without maintenance downtime thus increasing its operational productivity.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=31910
Oil & gas lubricants Market: Dynamics and Trends
It is advisable to utilize clean lubricant in an equipment rather than employ technology to remove water, particulate matter, and other contaminants. This is easier and cost-effective. The way to prevent and eliminate contamination is a comprehensive lubricant reliability program that includes the right lubricants, suitable dependability tools, and training for key personnel involved in the operational activities. The common advantages achieved from the usage of right lubrication for a particular equipment are: reduced friction and protection from wear, oil and water separation, long seal life, foam and sludge elimination, reduced operating temperatures and working stresses, and significant reduction in replacement of bearings.
The oil & gas industry is a diverse industry with multiple heavy equipment and machinery in usage. There is no ‘one for all' lubrication approach. Therefore, the lubricants possess qualities such as high durability and water and corrosion resistance. Modern equipment have a separate lubricating reservoir, wherein the equipment can be kept up to 12m away. This approach enables easy changing of lubricants without any maintenance downtime, thus increasing operational productivity.
Request Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=31910
Oil & gas lubricants Market: Key Players
Key players operating in the global Oil & gas lubricants market include Lubrication Engineers, Inc., Exxon Mobil Corporation, Klüber Lubrication, and Chevron.
With the release of Disobedience and the Oscar nomination for A Fantastic Woman (Una Mujer Fantástica) 2017, and now 2018 is indeed a special juncture in Argentinian-born Chilean helmer Sebastián Lelio‘s creative output. An incisive character study as well as an alluring exercise in style, A Fantastic Woman has the perfect feminine touch we have observed in their previous works and here, what we witness, are their fragile characters, the ups and downs of the events, the swelling of emotions and the devastating aftermath that is certifiably difficult to imagine without the presence of the mysterious Daniela Verga. There is a collection of searing moments in their performance that are made more striking with the employment of narration. A significant number of films address the question of sexuality, gender, and identity, but few of them have the power to profoundly touch us with a basic plot outline and sans propagandistic agenda. Sony Pictures Classics release the film today. Here is my sit-down with Leilo.
Sebastián Lelio
Amir Ganjavie: I was amazed by the performance of Daniela Vega. How did you find her?
Sebastián Lelio: As the idea for this film became more concrete I felt that I needed to meet some transgender women. I met Daniela while I was looking for a consultant, an advisor. I still wasn't sure if I wanted to make the film but when I met them it was like a milestone in the process because I really loved them They made me decide not only that I wanted to make the film but also that I was not going to make it without a transgender actor. During the scriptwriting process I was talking to Daniela on a weekly basis through Skype because I live in Berlin. We became friends and very close, and somehow their experiences were feeding the script even though it has nothing to do with their life. Somewhere in the middle of the writing process I understood that they were the one that I wanted to play Marina. When I had the first draft, I sent it to them and I asked them if they wanted to lead the film. Them presence is the key to this film because they are a transgender woman so there's something that is unfakeable about that; it's real. Even though she's surrounded by quite a complex narrative machinery, Daniela and their story and their eyes and their skin and their story form a real heart beating at the centre of everything.
Ganjavie: Some directors ask their actors to show emotions that are not very common in ordinary life in order to make their performance very memorable. I'm curious to know if you were interested in such aspects of Daniela's work because there were many moments in their performance that are striking, such as their facial expressions and the way they say them lines.
Lelio: Everything that's in the film is a decision. I mean, what's beautiful about Daniela is that she's very magnetic and very mysterious and really wanted the character to remain a bit of an enigma so we can be free to project our own fantasies and desires on them Because the film is a game of projections the secondary characters define them and we see them judging them but we also see them and we also wonder where we stand. Sometimes they just looks directly at the lens, kind of asking “What do you see?”
Ganjavie: I particularly like the feminine touch in your world and your representation of women; it's very interesting. As the main filmmaker, how did you try to create the feminine environment? Was it through conversation with the female actor?
Lelio: I don't know. I guess that I'm genuinely interested in them and I want to look at them. I want to observe them and I want to examine them and then celebrate them and then see them fall and then see them standing up again. There's something fascinating about that. And like any desire, it's a bit forced to intellectualize it. First of all, it's love and then femininity is fragilized and cornered in the world and should be observed and should be taken care of and all those things that one can say. But first of all, it's following an intuition.
Ganjavie: There are a significant number of movies that address the question of sexuality, gender, and identity but some of them don't seem to have touching narratives or stories. However, this movie has a very interesting story. It's not like a propaganda movie. That's the quality that first came to my mind, but I totally buy the story. Can you say a little bit about the narrative?
Lelio: Well, the thing is that in Spanish we use the same word for “gender” and for “genre.” Narrative genre and sexual gender are both called “género” and we say “transgénero” to mean transgender. What I wanted to make was a “trans-genre” film so the film itself is trans. The film is just three letters, a romantic movie, it's a comedy, it's a Buster Keaton film, and then suddenly it's a Busby Berkeley film, and then it becomes a ghost movie, and then it's like, of course, the portrait of a woman, it's a funeral film. It's a film that, narratively, its sole identity is oscillating. It doesn't want to be reduced and defined in one gesture. The film is, so to say, against labels and is trying to be as complex and as free as Daniela's character. In a certain way, the character pushed the film further, and the character pushed the film further. The character was making the film more complex and the complexity of the film was asking more of the character so that's how the writing process worked and that's how I ended up with this idea of a multi-genre film.
Ganjavie: I want to know about the cinematic inspiration for this film. When I think about the movie, it reminds me about questions of identity such as Hitchocok asks in Vertigo. The performance in its levity also reminds a little bit of Cassavetes. Can you say something about the source of your inspiration?
Lelio: Of course. When you are making a film about a woman, you can't escape Hitchcock or Cassavetes. There is a certain humble salutation to Hitchcock in the film. Of course, I also love Cassavetes and Gena Rowlands has always been a huge inspiration. The way that they shot females doing things like walking in the rain was an inspiration for this film. Buster Keaton inspired the wind sequence and Busby Berkeley inspired the cloud sequence when they fly towards the camera. It's really a huge combination of different things if we are talking about the film because there are other sources of inspiration. Tone is everything so the question is how to find a certain levity even though you're talking about heavy subjects.
Ganjavie: There are some scenes, which are especially striking, such as the scene in which they ask the main actor to undress so that they can see if there was any sexual assault involved. Did you do a lot of research about this subject?
Lelio: Oh yeah, I mean, that's why we had advisors. We talked with several transgender women. Of course, we did a certain level of research to write the story but again I wanted to run away from social realism because the correct way of making this film would have been handheld with raw light because she's a transgender woman so it should have been filmed in a rough way. Then I thought no, we want to make a flamboyant film, like a film that is almost chic and with an aesthetic splendor that is almost classical. But then within that, like a Trojan horse, there will come something that is completely non-classical, which is the character, which is Daniela, which is Marina, which is this hero that is beyond modern, so to speak.
Ganjavie: There is a father, Orlando, who was in love with this transgender woman but the family was all against him, so I'm just curious if you can say something about the dynamics in this family. Why is the father totally open and the other members of their family seem to be very hostile?
Lelio: Well, I guess they just didn't approve of the fact that they fell in love with this woman. They just preferred to step back. In the last year there was this distance between them and that's how things were when they died. Maybe in the future things would have been better but that's not the film. The film observes the moment when things were like that. I mean, the family was distanced when they were living this romance a bit after becoming like a pariah in their own family. What is interesting about Orlando, the man, is that they represent a very brave kind of masculinity. It's like a flexible, brave masculinity, which is unusual.
Ganjavie: There is also the fact that the narrative emphasizes the love between these two and a family who cannot approve of it. There is no mention, for example, of social problems. You're totally immersed in the individual's struggles with the surroundings and the environment.
Lelio: Right, because there are all of these things about some people or relationships being viewed as less legitimate, which is what we're dealing with today as a society. Who has the right to declare that a person is inferior or doesn't deserve to be here, to come here, to work here, to love that person? We're going through a crisis of empathy so I guess that's why the film resonates intimately with today's world. It also seems like the whole world is going through another crisis, which asks what are the limits of our loyalty? Is it to our families, is it our nations, is it our race, is it our gender? Are we different or are we one? If we are different then how do we deal with that?
Ganjavie: One cannot neglect the beautiful score in the movie, which is by the British composer Matthew Herbert.
Lelio: I've loved their music since I was a teenager and then when I was finishing this film I needed a score and I needed someone like Matthew Herbert for this. And then I suddenly said, why not ask him?
Ganjavie: So the score is originally created?
Lelio: Yes, it's original. All of the scores are original, of course. And we said, okay, this is going to be like Henry Mancini meets Bernard Hermann. That was kind of the challenge, so the mystery, the tension of the Hermann-esque touch, plus the flamboyance, the excess of Mancini.
Ganjavie: What did you tell them when you sent them the final cut?
Lelio: No, not the final cut. They saw an early cut but they loved it and said, “I'm in.” It was wonderful to work with him. We recorded the score. We wrote it, and it was a dream to do that. Then they made a score for my next film, too.
Security for Chicago Bulls games tightened Friday after the National Basketball Association announced a new bag policy.Under the new rule, backpacks and hard-sided bags are now banned from all NBA games, according to a representative for the Chicago Bulls. Bags larger than 14" by 14" by 16," such as diaper bags, purses and briefcases, are also prohibited, Bulls representatives said.Single-compartment string backpacks and backpack-shaped purses are still permitted, officials said.Bulls representatives said that Bulls fans are discouraged from bringing bags to the United Center, as all bags are subject to inspection and bags cannot be checked.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And they say the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but they say they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because they say previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," they say. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
Ben Stokes, a worthy successor to Andrew Flintoff? - A statistical analysis
Comparing the early days in the careers of the two all-rounders - Andrew Flintoff and Ben Stokes.
by PIYUSH PAL Analysis 02 Jan 2017, 14:21 IST
With the five-match series between India and England having come to an end, it's time to look back and assess everything that transpired. While some players' reputation has taken a hit, others have shone brightly. And Ben Stokes certainly belongs to the latter category.
Having first arrived on the scene during the tumultuous tour of Australia in 2013-14, where a hundred at Perth prophesized the riches of the coming years, Stokes has quickly become the go-to man for Alastair Cook – who once referred to them as the X-factor in their side. Stokes has taken wickets, important wickets, and has scored runs when needed — be it the 258 in Cape Town or their 128 in Rajkot.
While considered a basher early on, the left-hander has shown reasonable restraint in Asian conditions – a quality not generally associated with him. Only 25 now, it seems that Stokes, along with Joe Root, will be the pivot around which the whole English team would revolve for years to come.
All this, however, cannot hide them from one man – the comparison with the mighty Andrew Flintoff. With so many similarities in their role in the team and their own persona, I will try to answer the dreaded question: “Who is better – Flintoff or Stokes?”
The following table shows the record of the two all-rounders in their first 32 Tests, with 32 being the number of matches Stokes has played so far –
Player Matches Runs H.S. Batting Average S.R. 100/50 Wickets B.B.I. S.R. Bowling Average 5/10 Andrew Flintoff 32 1293 142 25.86 69.92 2/6 62 5/58 85.9 41.24 1/0 Ben Stokes 32 1902 258 33.96 63.82 4/8 79 6/36 60.6 34.46 3/0
It is clear that Stokes has a lead over Flintoff, particularly in the batting sphere. While the strike rates of the two are not too far apart, the real difference maker is when you look at the batting averages and runs scored. Stokes has an average of 33.96, not very high, but in comparison to Flintoff's 25.86, it is quite a bit better. This also gets reflected in the runs scored by the two batsmen.
Even though an average in the mid-40s can't be expected from a batsman who comes to bat at number 6 or lower, averaging 25 is by no means acceptable. Stokes already has four hundreds to their name — only one less than what Flintoff managed to get in their whole career. Even on the half-century count, Stokes leaves Flintoff well behind.
On the bowling front, Stokes leads the way again. Flintoff doesn't have a bad record if one looks at it in the realm of the figures of a bowling all-rounder — 62 wickets at an average of 41.24. But Stokes' 79 wickets at 34.46 sound much superior. Their tally shows that Stokes has a much better and faster chance of breaking a partnership than Flintoff, who takes a wicket every 85 balls.
Even when it comes to five-wicket hauls, the southpaw already has the same number of such feats (3) in 32 matches, which Flintoff took in their whole career of 79 Test matches.
To lend greater balance to this analysis, I shall further classify the data into two groups as per the playing conditions – Asian & non-Asian. The divide would help give us a more objective view about the duo. The following tables depict the performance of Stokes and Flintoff in Asian and non-Asian countries:
Andrew Flintoff
Match Runs H.S. Batting Average S.R. 100/50 Wickets B.B.I. S.R. Bowling Average 5/10 Asian Countries 6 169 77 15.36 53.48 0/1 15 4/50 75.60 27.33 0/0 Non-Asian Countries 26 1,124 137 28.82 73.32 2/5 47 5/58 89.25 45.68 1/0
Ben Stokes
Match Runs H.S. Batting Average S.R. 100/50 Wickets B.B.I. S.R. Bowling Average 5/10 Asian Countries 10 561 128 29.52 48.48 1/3 24 5/73 56.00 27.75 1/0 Non-Asian Countries 22 1341 258 36.24 73.56 3/5 55 6/36 62.74 37.40 2/0
After analysing the two tables, it is easy to note the difference between the two all-rounders from England. Stokes has a far superior batting record, especially in Asian conditions. While Flintoff strikes at 53 runs per 100 balls in Asia (better than Stokes' strike rate), it is rendered of little value considering Flintoff's lowly average of 15.36. Even in non-Asian countries, Stokes more than matches the figures of Flintoff — a similar strike rate with a good enough average for a number six batsman.
In the bowling department, it seems the duo enjoys bowling in Asian conditions much more than any other place – both averaging fewer than 30 runs per wicket, with Flintoff marginally ahead in this regard. However, Stokes has a much lower strike rate of 56 balls per wicket, along with a fifer in India – a feat that was never achieved by the 2005 Ashes superhero.
In non-Asian conditions, where a pace bowler is usually more penetrative than a spinner, Flintoff has lesser wickets than Stokes, even though they have played more matches. Flintoff has a single 5-wicket haul in these conditions, which is one less than Stokes.
Thus, going by the statistics in front of us, it can be said that Flintoff pales in comparison to Stokes up to this point. While Flintoff was a greater bowler than a batsman, the reverse can be said about Stokes. Flintoff did have their moments —the Ashes 2005 and 2009 being the biggest – but it all came amidst years of mediocrity.
The challenge for Stokes would be to maintain their fitness for the coming years, something which Flintoff was not able to do. For the next 8-10, years it would be a treat to see where they end up, after showing so much promise in these early years.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE A draft Mid-Atlantic Regional Ocean Plan tackles coordination of the many users of the ocean from the folks who fish and use the beach, to commercial cargo ships and offshore oil explorers Molly Murray/ The News Journal
Wind turbines stand in the Baltic 1 offshore wind farm in 2011 in the Baltic Sea near Zingst, Germany. (Photo: Getty Images)
Delaware will take another step toward promoting the development of wind turbines off its shore today.
A panel tasked with studying the incentives and initiatives that the state can use to encourage an offshore wind project will hold its first meeting in Dover this morning.
The 19-member working group was created in late August through an executive order signed by Gov. John Carney.
"The ultimate decision of whether Delaware proceeds with offshore wind rests with the governor and the General Assembly," said Robert Howatt, a member of the working group and the executive director of the Delaware Public Service Commission. "Our job is to figure out how it could happen in a way that maximizes benefits and minimizes costs."
RELATED: Marijuana legalization foes ask Delaware task force for concessions
RELATED: Delaware school district task force takes open-ended approach
The working group also will need to figure out how the state could overcome the problems that sank its first push for an offshore wind farm.
Delaware once led the nation in advancing carbon-free offshore wind.
In 2008, Delmarva Power became the first utility in the country to sign a deal to buy offshore wind power. That electricity would have been produced by NRG Bluewater Wind, a company that planned to build dozens of turbines that would have generated about 200 megawatts, or enough to power 54,000 homes.
NRG Bluewater Wind even won the first lease issued by the Interior Department for an offshore wind farm about 13 miles off the coast.
But the project fell apart in 2011 after certain federal loan guarantees and financing failed to materialize.
NRG Energy terminated its power-purchase contract with Delmarva Power in late 2011 after struggling to secure financing or federal loan guarantees.
NRG has since sold its federal lease to a partnership between Deepwater Wind and PSE&G that is currently pursuing a wind farm off New Jersey's coast.
Deepwater Wind is the same company that last year began operating the five-turbine Block Island Wind Farm off the coast of Rhode Island. The business is one of two companies that recently won approval to build wind turbines off the coast of Maryland that collectively are expected to produce 368 megawatts of energy.
"One of the benefits of being behind our sister states is that the technology is further along," said working group member Brenna Goggin, advocacy director for the Delaware Nature Society. "But we still need to be cognizant and sensitive to how these turbines might impact marine and aviary wildlife."
Fellow working group member Rep. Ronald Gray, R-Selbyville, whose district extends from Lewes to Fenwick Island, said he's concerned about how wind turbines might impact the ocean views of residents and tourists.
"We also need to be absolutely sure a project like this would be economically viable," they said. "We want sources of power with a minimal carbon footprint, but we don't want to be paying tremendously more for wind energy than cleaner fossil fuels like natural gas."
Today's hearing in the Cannon Building at 861 Silver Lake Blvd. is expected to lay out a brief history of Delaware's involvement with offshore wind, a review of key decisions the working group will need to make and set a calendar for future meetings.
The group is slated to present its final report to Carney by Dec. 21.
Contact reporter Scott Goss at (302) 324-2281, sgoss@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @ScottGossDel.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/politics/2017/10/06/carneys-offshore-wind-task-forces-gets-work/738758001/
Almaz Kenenbayev became the Speaker of Bishkek City Council. The secret voting was held today at its extraordinary session.
The candidate should have collected at least half of the votes of the deputies of the council that is 23. At least 25 its members voted for Kenenbayev, 13- against, and three more abstained. Four ballots were invalidated due to absence of people's deputies.
Almaz Kenenbayev was born on June 6, 1976. They have three higher educations: KSNU — accounting, KNU — jurisprudence, APKR — management of MBA.
They were the deputy of the last two convocations of BCC, leader of SDPK faction, leader of the majority coalition of the Bishkek City Council, was a speaker in the previous convocation.
Former Speaker Kanatbek Muzuraliyev (from Respublika — Ata Jurt faction) prematurely resigned after the SDPK faction expressed the wish to withdraw them from their post.
The shareholders of a GmbH, a type of German private limited company, have extensive rights to information that go beyond the general meeting of the shareholders, and they are able to exercise their rights of access and inspection.
GmbH shareholders entrust the managing director with the fate of their company. Notwithstanding this, they do, of course, have the right to be informed about what is happening in their firm at all times. In addition to the general meeting of the shareholders, the rights of access and inspection are an important tool for shareholders to gain an insight into all commercially and legally relevant matters within the company. We at the commercial law firm GRP Rainer Rechtsanwälte note that while their rights of access and inspection are indeed wide-ranging, they are not without their limits.
What is the order situation? Which projects have been completed and which are at the planning stage? How are the agreements structured? These and other questions are of interest to all shareholders. They receive answers to these questions at the general meeting of the shareholders. They can also receive answers by exercising their rights of access and inspection, and in doing so request information concerning concluded transactions, projects at the planning stage, agreements, records, protocols etc. These rights to information may also be applicable to a limited extent if the GmbH has a financial interest in other companies.
The GmbH shareholder”s rights of access and inspection cannot be restricted by the articles of association. Moreover, the managing director is obligated to provide the desired information without delay. However, they or they must also assess whether providing the information would go against the company”s interests. This would be the case, for instance, if there was reason to fear that the shareholder might use the information for non-company purposes and thereby damage the company, e.g. because the shareholder has a financial interest in a rival company as well.
In such instances, the managing director needs to act prudently. If they or they act on their own authority in refusing access or the right of inspection, they or they are committing a breach of duty and may render themselves liable to pay damages. Conversely, they or they cannot release the information if they have reason to fear an abuse of rights or use of information for non-company purposes. The final decision must therefore be taken by the general meeting of the shareholders. The shareholder seeking the information is not authorized to vote on this resolution. If the general meeting decides to deny the shareholder access or the right of inspection, the latter can still try and enforce their or their rights through the courts.
Lawyers who are experienced in the field of company law can advise shareholders and managing directors.
https://www.grprainer.com/en/legal-advice/company-law.html
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young British married couple have been found hanged with their bodies 'blindfolded, bound and gagged' in their rented Cambodian apartment.
The man, 36, from Sunderland and their wife, 28, from Camberwell, in south London, had moved to the seaside town of Sihanoukville, in south Cambodia.
Cambodian newspapers have reported their landlord as saying they were due to leave their rented room on December 29 but had experienced money problems.
Friends of the pair are believed to have discovered their bodies on December 31.
Local media have reported they were found with an apparent suicide note blaming the NHS for their mental health problems.
(Photo: Flickr/Spotter_nl)
Graphic photographs purporting to be of their bodies hanged in the apartment have been circulating on Cambodian news websites and forums.
They show their eyes blindfolded, their mouths gagged and their hands tied together behind their backs.
The photos were published alongside pictures of the couple's passports and an apparent suicide note.
The note appears to have been left alongside contact details for relatives back in the United Kingdom.
Major General Narin of Sihanoukville Police said the case was under investigation.
A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesperson said: “We are in contact with local authorities following the deaths of two British Nationals in Cambodia and are ready to support their families at this extremely difficult time.”
In the note pictured, the couple said: "Alternatively, you could save on shipping and have the cremation done here in Sihanoukville.
"It's a beautiful place and we never wanted to leave, but we understand and this will be the choice of our family.
"We are sorry, but hopefully we will find peace from depression, bi-polar, Aspergers and the NHS which has constantly let us down.
"We love you all and hope that memories will take the place of tears, but we are going to be in a better place - either a peaceful oblivion without bad dreams, but who knows, we may find each other again."
Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org.
marc | kitchen
40 Adeline St., 613-695-9739, marckitchen.ca
Open: Monday to Wednesday 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., Thursday and Friday 11 a.m. to 9 p.m., Saturday 5 to 9 p.m., closed Sunday
Prices: most lunch items $17, appetizers $15, mains $24 to $30
Access: steps to front door
If Marc Behiels were a luckier chef-restaurateur, they would have thrown out that citrus cornmeal cake before a shockingly substandard piece of it arrived at my table.
Instead, at marc | kitchen in Little Italy, the finishing touch on my so-so lunch earlier this month was a dessert with several spots of mould on its underside. I don't normally flip my desserts over and inspect them, but it seemed like the right move after I detected some of that green stuff on my cutlery and fortunately stopped short of eating it.
Here's how Behiels handled the culinary crisis. They apologized, called the oversight unacceptable, told staff to throw out the rest of the cake, and comped the whole lunch for me and my friend.
During several visits this month, we've experienced varying combinations of regrettable lapses and well-intentioned, personable service at marc | kitchen. The inconsistencies have been all the more frustrating because the casual eatery, which Behiels opened for weekday lunches in mid-February before adding three nights of dinner service in early April, is a place you would, honestly, like to like.
For one thing, it replaces the Rex, a cosy, well-regarded place that chef-owner Cody Starr closed late last year due to their health issues. One would have hoped for good culinary karma to carry over.
There is also the admirably personal effort that Behiels has put into their eponymous place. In a phone interview earlier this year, Behiels told me that their concise menu consists largely of mostly-from-scratch, Korean-influenced dishes because their wife is Korean-Canadian and he's simply bringing their family's fare into an eatery setting. That includes each meal's complimentary bowl of kim chi, made according to their mother-in-law's recipe.
You might also want to root for Behiels given that their restaurant represents a third act of sorts in their working life. After running a small design and web development shop in Ottawa for more than 15 years, Behiels opened marc | kitchen in a return to their roots, as they had worked in Ottawa's restaurant industry during their teens and 20s. At marc | kitchen, the amiable aproned owner frequently leaves the kitchen to chat with guests.
However, even before I was served mould-spotted cake, I had gripes about dishes here. My dinner began with two shared appetizers that were lacklustre and overpriced. (In general, dinner prices have struck me as high here, while lunch prices were more reasonable.)
A bowl of Mexican corn salad ($15) lacked grilled-in goodness and fresh, vibrant, contrasting flavours. Thanks to their punchy sauces, Korean chicken wings ($15) had more impact. But the wing-count was meagre for the price, and if you'd hoped for the crisp exteriors of trendy Korean fried chicken, you'd have been let down by these flabbier examples.
That night, one main course, a plate of moist miso-glazed trout ($28) with buttery green beans and a block of rice, was clearly the winner, although this month I also sampled a comparable trout dish at a ByWard Market restaurant for $11 less.
Flank steak, flavoured appealingly but not that powerfully, with lemongrass and lime leaf, had been cooked sous-vide, Behiels told us that night. But the steak had also been over-seared after its water bath and it was tough, dry and in need of sauce. For $30, we expected better meat, plus some sides that were more interesting than fingerling potatoes and sautéed bok choy. Bo ssam ($30), the great Korean pork-based lettuce wrap dish, came with dry, tough pork belly.
That dinner's highlight was its desserts. Smooth, big-flavoured and beyond reproach, pot au chocolat and pot “au key lime pie” ($10 each) were the best items that I've had at marc | kitchen during my three visits.
Also enjoyed was a hearty lunch-time serving of mac and cheese ($17, with a side dish), made with double-smoked bacon and four kinds of cheese (Emmental, Gruyère, cheddar and parmesan). It had more of the depth of flavour and complexity that we sought in other dishes here, and a server told us the dish had benefitted from tweaking that followed repeated feedback from a customer who knew their mac and cheese.
Also at lunch, I ate more flank steak and pork belly, with both meats starring in sandwiches ($17, with a side dish) made with buns from Nat's Bread Company. The flank steak in the sandwich was juicy but also too chewy, while the massive slab of pork belly was, relatively speaking, the kitchen's red-meat triumph — succulent and assertively spicy, if also fattier and drippier than I liked.
I've also tried Behiels' kalbi (Korean beef short ribs, $17 with a side dish) and while it was pleasantly salty-sweet, it was also tough, all the more so because it was thickly sliced.
Last week, at my second lunch here, I again ordered the cornmeal citrus cake ($10), checked its underside — phew! — and even found that it tasted fresher and better, more orange-y and almond-y, than its notorious predecessor. The crème fraîche on the plate, however, tasted exceedingly and even off-puttingly tangy to me.
This week, I spoke to Behiels on the phone about some of my concerns. They said there had been no other incidents of mouldy food being served, but that they and staff were going to be “more fastidious about checking things.”
When I told them I thought their dinner prices were high, they said: “I'm trying to bring in high-quality materials and across the board I've seen those prices jump.” They noted that the trout for their $28 main course, which was designated a “market price,” cost them $9. Following the restaurateur's rule of thumb that a dish's price should be three times the cost of its ingredients, that dish's price now seems less out of line.
Behiels on Monday said they were still ironing out the details of their June menu. I'm hoping the new month brings not only new dishes to marc | kitchen, but also lower ingredient costs, improved food storage and more consistent cooking.
phum@postmedia.com
twitter.com/peterhum
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The stall selling flowers for ­Mother's Day was full of blooms. But just yards away lay the ­bodies of two young children.
Hundreds of pieces of cast iron shrapnel from two litter bins, which had been blasted apart by Semtex, littered the shopping precinct.
Crowds were still fleeing the scene, streaming over the bridge past the statue of local rugby league hero Brian Bevan.
On March 20, 1993, the IRA killed two people and injured 54 others, some seriously.
When Assistant Chief Constable Brian Baister surveyed the scene on Bridge Street, Warrington, they had one thought: get the bombers.
Yet 25 years on, they have still not been caught.
(Image: PA)
Speaking for the first time about the tragedy, Brian says: “There were literally thousands of people running to get away. I was there about 30 minutes after the bombs exploded.
“I was told almost immediately two young boys had been killed.
“The bomb disposal team arrived to clear Bridge Street.” They describe the effect of the blast as “catastrophic”, adding: “One boy was in the road, the other in a shop doorway. The street is extremely narrow.
“The inquiry, in terms of lack of evidence, never really got off the ground. There was no forensic evidence.”
(Image: PA)
The bombing, in the Cheshire town's centre on a busy Saturday afternoon, horrified the world.
Three-year-old Johnathan Ball died at the scene. They had been shopping for a Mother's Day card. Dad Wilf never got over the death of their only child. They died of a suspected heart attack in 2004, aged 69.
The second victim, 12-year-old Tim Parry, had also been in town shopping for a card, and a pair of Everton shorts.
Despite the early information given to Brian during the initial chaos of the aftermath, Tim would in fact die in hospital five days later.
Their parents Colin and Wendy founded the Foundation for Peace to promote understanding among all communities affected by conflict and violence.
(Image: PA)
Meanwhile, the identity of the boys' killers remains a mystery. One bomb had been planted in a bin outside the Argos store, the other outside Boots and McDonald's. Brian, now retired, reveals that only the CCTV camera outside Argos captured an image.
But all it showed were the bombers' hands as they placed the devices.
“We just never saw enough of them,” Brian says. “Warrington had just put these bins in.
“The whole thinking on it was a retaliation by the IRA on the people of the town, who they blamed after two other IRA men had been arrested after an attack on a local gas holder.
(Image: Alamy)
“You don't put a bomb in a shopping centre the day before Mother's Day unless you're attacking a community.” They go on: “The universal feeling was that it was unauthorised. There was also a suggestion that the people responsible were ‘dealt with'.
“But nobody has any evidence that that happened and I think it's a bit fanciful. I don't know that the IRA had that sort of authority. But, to this day, the murders remain unsolved.”
Weeks earlier, intelligence officers had tracked two arms caches being smuggled into North Wales by the Provisional IRA and followed them to forests in Cheshire.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The men who transported them were arrested in Manchester, but police knew they had an active cell in the area.
“I knew we had a problem, we should be expecting something,” says Brian.
“But in Cheshire we weren't high profile. The IRA were going for ‘spectaculars' – bombing a landmark or those they considered their enemies; military personnel, police.”
They struck at the gas holders in Warrington on February 25. Flames shot 1,000ft into the air. Miraculously, no one was injured.
What wasn't revealed is that one of the devices was on an outlet pipe and failed to explode.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Brian adds: “It was pointing straight at a block of flats 100 yards away. If it had gone off, I have no doubt there would have been loss of life.”
Those bombers fled but made a stupid mistake. They jumped a red traffic light and were pulled over by a patrol car. The senior IRA man in the back shot an officer three times then got out and pointed their weapon at them as they lay injured.
Another officer in an approaching police car switched on their lights and siren and the two bombers fled.
“I have no doubt if they hadn't done that I would be attending another funeral,” says Brian.
“He was going to finish them off, the man they perceived as the enemy.”
An hour later the culprits flagged down a car and shoved the driver into the boot. A passer-by dialled 999.
They were intercepted in a high-speed chase by an armed unit from Greater Manchester Police.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
“There was a shoot-out,” Brian continues.
“It was like the Gunfight at the OK Corral. They were firing at each other as they drove along.”
Police managed to stop the vehicle. The kidnapped driver was unharmed. Senior IRA figure Pairic MacFhloinn, 40, was sentenced to 35 years.
Their driver Denis Kinsella, 25 – from a Midlands family who supported the IRA and had hidden weapons on their allotment – was jailed for 25 years.
MacFhloinn would be freed six years later, as part of the peace process. Brian has no idea if there were admissions as to who carried out the March 20 bombing in those talks.
“We were out of that loop, the ­anti-terror squad at the Met were out of the loop,” they say. “It was a purely political process.
“The deaths of Johnathan Ball and Tim Parry would tragically, but und­­oubtedly, spur on the peace process. It was an awful tragedy, buts also an impetus.”
At Cheshire Police Headquarters in Winsford, the file on the fateful day 25 years ago remains open.
Brian and their former coll­eag­ues don't know if it will ever be closed.
"(He's) in seeing docs right now and we'll get them checked out again tomorrow, see how they wake up," Winnipeg head coach Mike O'Shea said.
The loss of Nichols for any extended period of time would be a big blow to the team, according to running back Andrew Harris.
"To see a guy like that go down, it's tough," Harris said. "He's our leader, man."
Nichols was 14 of 18 for 158 yards, a touchdown and an interception prior to their departure.
Tiger-Cats kicker Sergio Castillo had to be carried off the field after trying to make a tackle on a return following a missed 38-yard field-goal close to halftime and didn't return.
"Until the doctors tell me, I don't know," Jones said of Castillo, noting they would have to look for a replacement if Castillo is out long-term.
Hamilton held a 10-0 lead after the first quarter.
"They came out and punched us in the mouth," said Bombers defensive back Chris Randle.
Masoli found receiver Brandon Banks behind Winnipeg's defence for a 60-yard touchdown 70 seconds after the opening kickoff for a 7-0 lead.
Banks paced Hamilton with six catches for 104 yards and the TD.
Castillo made their first of three field goals to extend the lead to 10-0 on a 38-yard attempt. They made their second on a 50-yard kick on the first play of the second quarter to put Hamilton up 13-0.
A five-yard pass from Nichols to running back Timothy Flanders got Winnipeg on the scoreboard later in the second, cutting the deficit to 13-7.
After Castillo made it 16-7, their counterpart in Bombers kicker Justin Medlock, who missed three field goal attempts in Week 16, converted on a 48-yard attempt to Hamilton's lead to 16-10.
Hamilton scored on its first drive of the third quarter. With Castillo out, Masoli punted the ball on a third-down gamble. Banks was onside and recovered the ball and Hamilton running back Alex Green scored on a one-yard rush three plays later, giving the Tiger-Cats a 22-10 advantage.
Green finished with 97 yards on 20 carries.
Medlock added a 38-yard field to make it 22-13.
Masoli's second touchdown pass of the game went to receiver Luke Tasker on a three-yard throw. Masoli found Tasker on the ensuing two-point convert attempt to make it 30-13.
By Scott Billeck, The Canadian Press
ORLANDO, Fla. — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defence with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
"We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals," U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing their first international match since they turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with their left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of their right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off their line, Pulisic used the outside of their right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with their right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for their eighth goal in 19 international appearances, their fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when they played the ball between their feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the centre backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for their first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
MARMORA — Havelock-Belmont-Methuen Township firefighters were called in to help battle a fire Tuesday morning that destroyed a marine and recreational vehicle business in Marmora, about 60 kilometres east of Peterborough.
Damage is expected to top $2 million, Belleville radio station CJBQ reported.
Firefighters were called to Bonter Marine on Highway 7 on the west side of Marmora just after 8 a.m. and found the steel building fully engulfed in flames.
An employee escaped the blaze safety, CJBQ reported, but a passerby who tried to move some ATVs away from the building suffered burns to theirs hands.
Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit, Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said.The woman, whose name hasn't been released, died of their injuries at a hospital.Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.The U.S. Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines that it says will help foster innovation. But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chaos also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehiclesThe number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the autonomous vehicle testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
Since the beginning of the year, migrants have transferred $ 2.83.6 billion to Kyrgyzstan . The National Bank of the country presented such data.
It is noted that in comparison with the same period of 2016, the volume of transfers grew by $423.4 million.
It is noted that in October, $243.1 million were transferred to the republic. The volume of remittances is declining for the second month in a row. Compared to August 2017, the indicator fell by $ 18.9 million. At the same time, according to the results of August, there was the largest inflow of migrants' transfers for the whole year — $262 million.
1 /6
Taking care of your health should always feature at the top of your priority list. And to ensure your job is a seamless one, let us introduce you to Aquafina Vitamin Splash. While the idea of an authentic ‘healthy' drink might not be as believable today, this new product will restore your faith.
It seems like Aquafina Vitamin Splash is here to change the game for a lot of people who choose to lead healthy and fit lifestyles, and don't want to compromise on what they drink. Available in in two delicious flavours – Kiwi Lime and Raspberry Mint, it's safe to say, that you can drink it as much as you like, without worrying about putting on those extra kilos. How? Well, Aquafina Vitamin Splash is packed with vitamins and minerals such as selenium and zinc and what's cool, is that it contains merely 35 calories per 250ml and is super hydrating.
Whether you decide to sip on it in between morning jogs or between your fitness training; just a dash of the refreshing flavours will rejuvenate you when you need it the most. If you're a gym freak, we suggest you throw in a bottle or two into your bag, just in case you need to fuel up. Your body will thank you!
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Mark Henry is to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
The 46-year-old wrestler - famous for handing out their Hall of Pain moves - will be honoured at the 2018 Induction Ceremony on Friday, April 6, during WrestleMania 34 in New Orleans.
Speaking to WrestleMania magazine about the honour, they said: "My body is too beat up to turn a backflip, but if I could have done one, I would have! It wasn't so much shock, but it was a feeling like, 'Are you kidding me?' The greatest superstars, the ones that I've grown up watching, are the ones who have received this honour, and to be able to say my name in the same breath as theirs is an unbelievable thing. There have been many times in my life when I've been at a loss for words. Where I can't respond, and it's just like unbelievable happiness. People say, 'Oh Mark, you're a big softie, and you burst into tears so easily.' This moment wasn't like that. It wasn't a falling down reaching for the sky type moment. It was more like, 'Wow, I cannot believe that the work that I did pay off.' Anyone who says that they're prepared for it is lying."
Mark started in the sports industry with powerlifting, eventually signing with WWE in 1996. Soon after, they made their ring debut, where they went head to head with Jerry 'The King' Lawler and triumphed in the ring.
OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — Robin Lehner made 39 saves against their former team and Matt Moulson and Justin Bailey scored in the third period to rally the Buffalo Sabres past the Ottawa Senators 3-2 on Tuesday night.
Lehner is 4-0-2 against the club that drafted them in the second round of the 2009 NHL draft. They were traded away with David Legwand in June 2015 to Buffalo for the 21st overall pick in that year's draft.
Ryan O'Reilly also scored for the Sabres.
Bobby Ryan ended a five-game run without a point by getting a goal and an assist for Ottawa. Dion Phaneuf also scored, and Craig Anderson made 22 saves.
After a solid start to the third period, Buffalo kept pushing and was rewarded when Bailey tipped Jake McCabe's point shot to take a 3-2 lead at 7:38.
The Sabres tied it 51 seconds into the third when Moulson picked up a puck at the side of the net and put it over Anderson's back.
Coming into the game, Buffalo had given up 62 second-period goals, third worst in the league. Tuesday night was no different as the Sabres were outshot 16-7.
Ottawa made it 63 when Phaneuf jumped on a soft rebound and put the puck past Lehner to give the Senators a 2-1 lead.
The Sabres opened the scoring on their first shot when O'Reilly used Phaneuf as a screen and beat Anderson low glove side. The Senators tied it at the 14-minute mark of the period when Ryan tipped Erik Karlsson's shot from the point.
This was the fifth and final meeting between the two teams, with Buffalo going 4-0-1.
NOTES: Ottawa wrapped its four-game homestand 2-2-0. … Senators D Chris Wideman was a late scratch due to a lower-body injury, and RW Curtis Lazar was a healthy scratch for the fourth straight game. … Buffalo D Zach Bogosian returned to the lineup after missing the last six games with a rib injury, but LW Evander Kane did not play due to illness and D Taylor Fedun was a healthy scratch.
UP NEXT
Sabres: Host Colorado on Thursday night to start a three-game homestand.
Senators: Travel to play New Jersey on Thursday night.
Garmin might be best known as a purveyor of GPS systems and sports watches, but now the company is striking out with its first 360-degree camera, the VIRB 360.
It's far from the first 360 camera we've seen, but the Garmin VIRB 360 stands out with the ability to shoot videos at a maximum 5.7K resolution. That's quite a few more pixels than other 360 cameras, which max out at 4K, although keep in mind that's the resolution of the entire frame, and not just the section of video you're looking at.
Shooting at maximum resolution also means sacrificing in-camera stitching and stabilization – if you want those two perks you'll have to drop the VIRB 360's recording resolution to 4K. Users can also use the 360 camera to capture an entire scene in one 15MP spherical photo, with specific modes for capturing a burst or timelapse.
Aside from offering 5.7K video recording, the VIRB 360 comes with all the sensors Garmin has become acclaimed for, including GPS, gyroscopes, and accelerometers. The camera collects data about your adventures as you go, and you can overlay this information over your 360 videos to show just how fast, high or far you went.
The VIRB 360 also features four microphones to record sounds as you experienced them, and the whole thing is wrapped up in a rugged, waterproof shell. Users can connect their iOS and Android devices to the Garmin's camera through Wi-Fi and Bluetooth with an accompanying app.
The only area where we think the VIRB 360 falls a little short is battery life – Garmin projects that users will only be able to record for a hour. It's also quite pricey, starting at $799, £649.99, AU$1,099.
We'll have to see if its extra functionality is really worth the expense in our full review, especially when other cameras like the Samsung Gear 360 can also record 360-degree movies for much less.
Here are some of the deadliest mass murders in recent Canadian history:
•April 23, 2018: A man drives a white van for about a mile along a crowded Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 people and seriously injuring at least 13 others. Police arrest suspect Alek Minassian. The motive remains unclear.
•Jan. 29, 2017: Six people are killed and eight injured when a man goes on a shooting rampage at a Quebec City mosque. University student Alexandre Bissonnette, who had taken far-right political positions on social media, pleads guilty.
•June 4, 2015: A man uses a semi-automatic rifle to fatally shoot three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and wound two others in Moncton, N.B. It's the deadliest attack on the Royal Canadian Mounted Police since four officers were killed by a gunman in Alberta in 2005. That attack remains the deadliest on Canadian police officers in 120 years.
•Dec. 29, 2014: In the worst mass shooting in Edmonton, a man suspected of domestic violence shoots and kills six adults and two young children in two different homes before killing themselves in a restaurant where they worked.
•April 5, 1996: Angered by their wife's divorce action, Rajwar Gakhal kills them and eight other members of their family in Vernon, B.C., before shooting himself.
•Sept. 18, 1992: A bomb kills nine strike-breaking workers at the Giant Yellowknife gold mine in the Northwest Territories.
•Dec. 6, 1989: A man with a semi-automatic rifle storms into an engineering classroom at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal, asks men to leave and then kills 14 women before turning the gun on himself. Gunman Marc Lepine says they were "fighting against feminists" they blamed for their troubles.
•Sept. 1, 1972: An arson attack on a downtown Montreal night club kills 37 people and injures 64. Gasoline was spread on the stairway of Blue Bird Cafe and then ignited. Most of the deaths occurred in the Wagon Wheel country-western bar upstairs. Three young men from Montreal who had earlier been denied entry for drunkenness were convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
VILLANOVA, Pa. — Big East first-year student of the year Omari Spellman is staying in the NBA draft after helping Villanova win the national championship.
The school announced Spellman's decision Wednesday, the final day of the NCAA deadline for players who haven't hired an agent to withdraw from the draft and return to school. Spellman joins Donte DiVincenzo, Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges as Wildcats who left the champs for the NBA with eligibility remaining.
Spellman enrolled at Villanova in the fall of 2016 after attending St. Thomas More in Connecticut for their final season of prep basketball. After sitting out the 2016-17 season as an academic redshirt, Spellman averaged 10.9 points and 8.0 rebounds as the Wildcats set a school record with 36 victories. Spellman connected on 43 per cent of their 3-pointers and led the Wildcats with 59 blocked shots.
"The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari's maturity and potential as a player," coach Jay Wright said. "He made a great impact on our program and we're thrilled that their efforts have led them to this opportunity."
Along with the rest of the world, South Africa is currently in the grip of a storm of fake news reports. And the real thing is no longer easy to spot. From paid tweets to websites set up to spread propaganda, sources with sinister motives are increasingly manifesting online. Carte Blanche investigates how to determine if what you're reading is true.
The Wilmington Housing Partnership, Wilmington Neighborhood Conservancy Land Bank and the City of Wilmington demolish a series of nuisance and abandoned properties in the area of 8th and Bennett Streets on the Eastside of Wilmington. Suchat Pederson/The News Journal
National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada.
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean.
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat.
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world.
The council says consumers are responsible for almost half that waste.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A frustrated family say they are being slowly “worn down” by damp and freezing living conditions which have cost them thousands of pounds in ruined possessions.
Ken Cripps claims to have thrown away £4,000 worth of clothes and furniture including four mattresses, suits and much of their late father's property because of a persistent damp problem in their council home.
The conditions are exacerbating Mr Cripps and their partner, Helen Townsend's, chronic asthma and have started to cause headaches for the their eight-year-old son, Finley.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
The family has contacted the Bristol City Council housing team multiple times over the past 18 months to fix the mould and heating problems, but claims little has been done to help.
“We are slowly being worn down by it all,” the father-of -two said.
“We have lost so much of our property – two double mattresses, two single mattresses, all our sheets, a wardrobe and more because of the damp and mould. I've lost pretty much all of my clothes and only have one set left.
“We just want something done. We can't go on like this, it isn't healthy.”
A Bristol City Council spokesperson said the authority has done "everything [it] reasonably can" to help the family and independent tests show the fans, ventilation and heating are all working in the house.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
Mr Cripps moved in to the Withywood home in the summer of 2016 and problems started to emerge during the family's first winter in the property.
The 43-year-old contacted the council which agreed to spray the outside walls of the home with an anti-damp treatment last year, but the damp has returned again this winter.
“The house is lovely during the summer and we have no problems,” they said.
“But it is in the winter when the damp and mould start to appear in the two bedrooms and bathroom.
“We have had water literally running down the walls of my eight-year-old son's room and there is a big patch of mould in there. They also started to get headaches which we have been told can be linked to living in mouldy, damp conditions.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
“My partner also gets really wheezy at night, and we are concerned about the effect it is having on our one-year-old, Kenzie.
“A big factor is the fact we have no insulation – you turn the heating on and it gets warm, but as soon as you turn it off its gone and you are freezing again.”
“It just won't go away. The council has told us to move, but you just never know how long it will take to get another two-bedroom house and we don't want to move away from the area because of Finley's school.
Bristol City Council say it has had "extensive conversations" with Mr Cripps over the past 18 months and made "many visits" to the property.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
“We believe we have done everything we reasonably can to alleviate the damp problems within the house," the spokesperson added.
“Independent tests have shown that the fans, ventilation and heating in the house are all performing as they should.
“Fungicidal treatment was provided to treat the mould in the bedroom, and guidance and advice was provided to help prevent the situation occurring again.
“Our Tenant Energy Advice provider has also given Mr Cripps some support. This support has included completing a tariff switch with an expected saving of £100 a year and securing £140 in Warm Homes Discount.”
A couple observes giant waves crashing on a seaside promenade in the northern Spanish Basque city of San Sebastian on Monday (AFP photo)
BRUSSELS — High winds and heavy snow in Europe on Monday stranded thousands of travellers, kept schoolchildren at home and even played havoc with international diplomacy.
It was the second day running of nasty weather across the continent, with Britain still digging out from its deepest snowfall in four years.
The snowed-over runways in Brussels on Monday provoked about 90 flight cancellations and some 100 delays, including for the plane carrying Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu back home.
They tweeted a video from their plane that opened with a shot of the white tarmac at the close of their European visit marked by the US recognising Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
A scheduled meeting between Netanyahu and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker had to be called off because of the weather, officials said.
Brussels airport advised passengers to stay away, as staff were trying to de-ice planes and clear snow from the runways.
“Heavy snowfall: do not come to the airport until further notice,” the airport said on Twitter, adding that passengers should check the status of their flights.
Schiphol airport, just outside Amsterdam, was forced to cancel 430 flights already by early afternoon — about a third of all flights in or out of one of Europe's top five busiest air hubs — while many others faced long delays.
Eindhoven airport, the Netherlands' second biggest, said just after midday that “due to wintry weather conditions, the runway is currently closed”.
But it was not just knee-high snow that was causing trouble, with winds of up to 150 kilometres per hour forecast along France's Atlantic Coast.
Some 120,000 people were without power in France as storms that caused a ferry to run aground in Calais on Sunday continued to sweep the centre and west of the country.
Brutal winds shut down ferry service between the southern Spanish port of Algeciras and Tangiers in Morocco, while also shuttering some schools in southern Spain.
Hundreds of schools closed
At the same time, Britain was recovering after heavy snow brought freezing temperatures, shutting hundreds of schools and disrupting flights for a second day.
Power was restored to more than 100,000 homes, while airports tried to recover their schedules following the winter's first major snowfall — the biggest in four years.
The last time Britain saw this much heavy snow nationwide was in March 2013.
Newspaper front pages were filled with pictures of people either enjoying the snow or stuck in gridlock on the roads.
Some 32 centimetres of snow fell in Sennybridge in south Wales on Sunday.
Temperatures overnight dropped to minus 11.6 degrees Celsius in Northumberland, northeast England.
The Western Power Distribution network said it has restored power to more than 99,500 customers, while a further 7,000 were still without electricity, largely in west central England.
Meanwhile disruption continued on the roads and at airports.
London Heathrow, Europe's busiest airport by passenger numbers, said it was still experiencing problems.
“Some flights at Heathrow will be disrupted on Monday due to crew and aircraft being out of position following yesterday's weather,” it said.
“We're working with our airline partners to return aircraft to where they need to be, and full service recovery remains the focus.”
Hundreds of schools were closed in western England and north Wales, while much of the kingdom was on a yellow weather warning for snow and ice.
All local authority-run schools in the central city of Birmingham were also shut.
SK Exclusive: Naomi set to keep the WWE SmackDown Live Women's Championship throughout 2017
Naomi could be set for a long title reign.
@billibhatti by Billi Bhatti News 15 Aug 2017, 01:34 IST
Naomi could end 2017 with gold around their waist
What's the story?
As reported by The Dirty Sheets via our "DS Breaking News" show on YouTube and iTunes, Naomi is set to remain the SmackDown Women's Champion throughout 2017.
You can watch the video by clicking the YouTube link, below.
In case you didn't know...
Naomi won the SmackDown Women's Championship at WrestleMania 33 in Orlando by taking the title from Alexa Bliss.
The heart of the matter
The WWE is currently planning to keep Naomi as Champion for the remainder of 2017. After defeating Natalya at SummerSlam, she's pencilled in to have a program with Tamina.
The WWE is keen to market Naomi's new SmackDown Women's Championship belt but may face a significant wait. The company was hoping to have the new belts on sale by Christmas and for WrestleMania season but was informed by Mattel that the belts would not be available by Christmas.
What's next?
Naomi will defend their SmackDown Women's Championship against Natalya at SummerSlam in Brooklyn on August 20, 2017.
Author's take
Naomi vs Charlotte seems to be the marquee women's match on the SmackDown brand. It was originally slated for SummerSlam, but plans were changed to Natalya at the last minute. It's likely that the Charlotte match will now take place at next year's Royal Rumble or WrestleMania. It will be interesting to see how Carmella's Money in the Bank contract factors into the company's plans.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
James Comey doesn't know if they swayed the election. A Pence rally for Trump in Bucks County shows they did | Maria Panaritis
James Comey doesn't know if they swayed the election. A Pence rally for Trump in Bucks County shows they did | Maria Panaritis Apr 18
Abbie Newman and Beth Sturman want to rescue Pa. kids from domestic violence. Let's hope they find a way. | Maria Panaritis
Abbie Newman and Beth Sturman want to rescue Pa. kids from domestic violence. Let's hope they find a way. | Maria Panaritis Apr 20
Maria Panaritis is a columnist who strikes across Pennsylvania and its most populated region -- the political battleground Pennsylvania suburbs. They aim for any story that cuts through the noise and gives you the real deal. Maria has been an award-winning regional reporter, business writer and columnist, investigative reporter, and immigration beat writer, and has reported nationally and internationally, since joining The Philadelphia Inquirer in 1998.
Bill Cosby defense attorney Kathleen Bliss delivered a blistering attack during closing arguments in their sexual assault retrial Tuesday, proving that blaming the victim has not died with the #metoo movement. Photo taken Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
For 45 sickening minutes inside a Norristown courtroom Tuesday, it might as well have been the retrograde 1980s and not the so-called #metoo millennium. Like old-school mafia hit men carrying axes and baseball bats, Bill Cosby's defense team attacked their alleged sexual-assault victims as fame whores, lust mavens, or party girls. It was so bad, it made even some jurors wince.
Huh?
In 2018?
If for no other reason than to let lawyers know these old-school tactics are no longer going to keep abused women out of courtrooms, let's hope this jury knows better than to buy what Kathleen Bliss and Tom Mesereau were selling. With deliberations set to begin Wednesday, it's just a matter of time before we find out if the seven men and five women on the panel were as appalled as I was.
What Bliss pulled in their portion of their two-part closing statement was the very definition of so-called slut-shaming — a form of character assassination in which women are annihilated for being women, for not protecting bad men from their own repugnant proclivities, for daring to accuse any man of pushing unwanted advances — or worse.
“We're not talking about children and teenagers here,” Bliss said of the six women who testified that Cosby assaulted them at some point since the 1980s. The women had testified that they had been drugged and violated by Cosby, who until just a few years ago enjoyed an unblemished public profile as a groundbreaking comedian and TV pioneer.
But to Bliss, whose obligation is to get Cosby acquitted and not worry so much if the rest of the world is offended, these women were little more than hustler-vixens looking to take down a good man.
“We're talking about adults who want to party, and now come forward with claims of rape,” Bliss said.
The group includes former star women's basketball player Andrea Constand, as well as onetime aspiring actores, a bartender, a schoolteacher, and a reality TV staple.
And while Cosby faces charges only in their alleged sexual assault of Constand in 2004 at their Cheltenham home, they all were targets because all could help bring them down. Constand was the only one who came forward before the statute of limitations expired. But the five others, as a group, were called to help establish a pattern of conduct over years that jurors will be permitted to consider in establishing Cosby's guilt or innocence in the Constand case.
No wonder Bliss was tearing them down. Cosby's old defense team, which presided over a mistrial last summer, didn't have to contend with so many witnesses on the stand.
When Cosby avoided conviction last summer after a different jury deadlocked, prosecutors had not been permitted to allow more than one other alleged victim to testify. But a favorable state Supreme Court ruling in another case meant prosecutors would now be allowed to bring into the witness box “the cast of five accusers,” as Bliss referred to them Tuesday.
They pulled no punches in trying to besmirch them. Bliss was just as harsh in tearing down the schoolteacher, Lise-Lotte Lublin, as they were the reality TV star and former model Janice Dickinson.
Of Lublin: “She thinks something happened because they downed two shots of booze and Mr. Cosby stroked them hair.”
Of Dickinson: “It sounds as though she's slept with every single man on the planet.”
They attacked yet another woman for having spent time with a married man: “Seriously, ladies and gentlemen, where are their values?”
The sad thing is that in far too many sexual-assault cases, defendants need to do little more than discredit their accusers to avoid prosecution. Since there are hardly ever any witnesses or hard evidence in these kinds of crimes, securing convictions proves exceptionally challenging, even though the law doesn't require physical evidence or corroboration to convict.
Mesereau manipulated this, firing their own shot at Constand when it was their turn to try to convince the jury of Cosby's innocence.
“It's a he-said, she-said type of case with no forensics — thanks to her,” Mesereau said, as though a woman who is allegedly sexually assaulted by a mentor would keep their underwear unwashed while processing groggy memories of being drugged and then vaginally penetrated. (Constand told authorities about the encounter with Cosby a year after it allegedly happened.)
District Attorney Kevin Steele's assistants Kristen Feden and Stewart Ryan (in their own closings) spent hours trying to clear the air of Bliss and Mesereau's putrid missives.
“I can only hope,” Ryan said, “and I think my colleagues share in this sentiment, that what we are seeing are the last vestiges of a tactic designed not to get to the truth, but to damage character and reputation.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
In December, the Kyrgyz Ministry of Finance plans to issue government securities worth 1.5 billion soms. This was reported by the ministry's website.
According to it, four issues of state treasury bills (STB) are planned for December. In total, it is planned to replenish the budget for 240 million soms from the placement of STB.
The Ministry of Finance expects most of all receipts from state treasury bonds — 1.3 billion soms.
Two issues of state treasury bonds are planned for 300 million soms with a coupon rate of 11 and 12 percent and two issues of 350 million with a coupon rate of 8 and 9 percent. The term of circulation of the bonds is 2-7 years.
Since the beginning of the year, more than 11.2 billion soms have been received from the state securities. The most profitable were government treasury bonds.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dad-of-three who has spent more than a month in a Bristol hospital has shared a video of an ambulance driving singing with them as they were transferred across the city.
Daniel Budd described their “doom and gloom” when they went into hospital two days after Christmas. They have since had surgery to remove their gallbladder and has been in pain for five weeks.
But Mr Budd was left given a surprise “ray of sunshine” by a cheery NHS worker who came into their room singing at midnight on Tuesday, January 30.
The Thornbury resident said: “I've been in hospital on and off since Boxing Day at Southmead. I've been through the mill. It was completely out of the blue.
“The consultant gave me news I was going to have to move to the Bristol Royal Infirmary (BRI). It was a really gloomy end to a difficult day.
“The ambulance took forever to come because it was so busy. I was sitting in my bed then all of a sudden I heard this voice coming up the corridor singing ‘Amazing Grace'.
“It was like a dream. They came into my room singing. It's not something you expect to hear."
Mr Budd asked the ambulance driver Ivan to sing again and started beatboxing himself. They then joined in the singing.
They added: “They got me in the chair and wheeled me through the atrium. There was nobody there. I got my camera out because I thought it was a big moment. It was like a ray of light burst into my doom and gloom. It was a moment of joy.”
The video was filmed just a few weeks after Mr Budd had played music in the atrium of Southmead Hospital for patients in December 2017.
Mr Budd, who runs a business that offers music sessions to school children, praised staff for their care during the NHS crisis, which has left staff at Southmead “on their knees” due to unprecedented demand.
They said: “I've been in hospital for month. To see that level of commitment and care that staff all have, there's such a squeeze and yet all these people are going above and beyond to make you feel human. That's what I felt that night, they made me feel human and more than just a patient or a hospital number.”
Mr Budd went into hospital on December 27, 2017, suffering from gallstones which had caused severe pancreatitis and they have since had surgery to remove theirs gallbladder.
They still do not know when they will be able to go home but is undergoing a procedure on Saturday, February 3, which may allow them to leave hospital.
When Selena Gomez revealed they had a surprise film coming out, we knew we had a treat in store. But since then we've realized "treat" is an understatement.
Today Gomez released a brand-new film for their song "Bad Liar," and the video is nottrianhing like we expected.
Girls producer Jesse Peretz directed the superstar in a storyline packed with '70s vibes, teen angst, and a love triangle—and Gomez plays not one but four people.
Youtube
The video kicks off with Gomez playing a bookish teen who gets shoved in the hallways and eventually pans to their dad, who is a teacher at the school. The catch? Gomez plays both parts.
Youtube
The singer dons a mustache and an ill-fitting suit to play their own middle-aged father, before showing up on screen again as a pretty gym teacher with blonde Farrah Fawcett hair:
Youtube
Teenage Gomez watches their dad (err, herself?) flirt with the gym teacher before going home and seeing their mom. Guess who plays her? If you guessed Gomez yet again, you're spot on.
Youtube
The music video is shot through a yellow-tinged retro lens and incorporates subtle '70s decoration details, from the shag carpeting to their eyebrow style, but it all ends on a completely unexpected note—when teenage Gomez is about to fall asleep in bed after school, they pull out a Polaroid of the gym teacher herself. Is this a romantic triangle of crushes? Or more like a square?
VIDEO: Selena Gomez Wears See-Through Dress, No Bra
RELATED: All of These Celebrities Left Their Bras at Home for the Summer (Including Selena)
Just when we thought the music video had ended, Gomez fit in one last surprise before the screen faded out—a teaser for an upcoming project called Fetish. As if lusting after the gym teacher who flirts with your dad isn't fetish-like enough.
We can't wait to see what other surprises Gomez has in store for us because if this video tells us anything, it's that they have a lot of them.
Click on the video at top to watch the new film for yourself.
Tuesday on the campus of New Mexico State University, diverse campus and community groups came together for a unity rally and march.
On Tuesday, a unity march and rally at New Mexico State University featured speakers, music, and poetry from diverse NMSU student organizations and the community of Las Cruces.
Organizers called the event a “Love Trumps Hate March.” NMSU political action groups, Aggie Solidarity and Young Berniecrats helped organize with other diverse campus and community organizations, in what the groups described as an effort to form collaborative efforts.
Max Meyer, a senior at NMSU and President of Gender Diverse Aggies of NMSU took part in the event, they say that the rally was to stand up for a wide range of issues.
“It's important to show that there are students who are also working towards equality, and protection for environmental rights, and trans rights. It's really important that we're working together,” says Meyer.
Meyer says that they hope that the group's attendance at the rally can help increase participation in the student organization.
Ann Cashman, a community member was in attendance. They say that now is a time for people to stand up and show support for what they say are marginalized communities.
“At this point we can longer be idle, we can no longer just watch what is happening on the television and just accept it. We have to get out and show our support,” says Cashman.
The organizers also described the event as a possible networking opportunity for the diverse groups in attendance.
Mario Batali Steps Aside From Their Restaurants Amid Sexual Misconduct Allegations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for NYCWFF Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for NYCWFF
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping aside from directing their restaurants and taking leave from their TV cooking show following reports of sexual misconduct over a 20-year period.
The move was apparently spurred by a report published Monday morning on the dining and food website Eater, in which four women allege that Batali touched them inappropriately:
"Three of the women worked for Batali in some capacity during their careers. One former employee alleges that over the course of two years, they repeatedly grabbed them from behind and held them tightly against their body. Another former employee alleges that they groped them and that, in a separate incident, they compelled them to straddle him; another alleges that they grabbed their breasts at a party, though they no longer worked for them at the time."
The fourth accuser is a chef who says they met Batali at a party 10 years ago:
"Minutes into their conversation, they recall, they told her, 'Come work for me, I'll pay you double what you're making.' Moments later, someone bumped their glass, spilling wine all over their chest and down their scooped-neck shirt. They allege that Batali began rubbing their breasts with their bare hands while saying something like, 'Let me help you with that,' as they groped their chest. 'He just went to town, and I was so shocked,' the chef says. 'Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from them in utter disgust and walked away.' "
In the article, a number of other current and former employees at Batali's restaurants described bullying and lewd behavior. Some said they had complicated feelings about Batali, who has also championed a number of women's careers and started a children's education and empowerment foundation.
Batali did not deny the allegations, admitting they comport with their past conduct.
"I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt," Batali said in a statement to Eater. "Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family."
Batali will remain an owner at their restaurants, but they said they would hand over day-to-day oversight of their businesses while they work to regain the trust of those they have hurt and disappointed.
A spokesperson for Batali's restaurant group, Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, told Eater that it had received its first formal complaint of inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. It said Batali was reprimanded and required to attend training.
"We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment. We train employees in these policies and we enforce them, up to and including termination," the group said in a statement. "Mr. Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and [he] has already done so."
Batali hosts a cooking show on ABC called The Chew. On Monday, the network said it has asked Batali to take leave from the program while it reviews the allegations. "While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct," the network said in a statement to NPR.
The allegations against Batali join a cascade of sexual harassment complaints against powerful men, including senior news managers at NPR.
Batali rose to prominence in the mid-1990s with the launch of their Food Network show Molto Mario, which ran for 10 seasons. They and Joe Bastianich opened the restaurant Babbo in New York's Greenwich Village in 1998. They now have 10 restaurants in New York, as well as eateries in Las Vegas, California and Singapore.  They are a partner in Eataly, the Italian food emporium with locations around the world.
In 2012, Batali and Bastianich agreed to a $5.25 million class-action settlement with employees who claimed the partners' restaurants had illegally confiscated part of their tips.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Forty-three children are believed to have been at risk after drain cleaner was mixed with water in a dental clinic.
Health chiefs said they were trying to contact the parents of the youngsters who were treated at the Health Service Executive (HSE) facility on Bindon Street in Ennis, Co Clare.
The incident is believed to have occurred on Wednesday and went undetected until Thursday.
The dental clinic, where five of its six surgeries were operating during the scare, has been shut as a result and is not expected to reopen until Monday or Tuesday.
(Image: Google)
The HSE said that early indications, yet to be confirmed, suggested that a drain cleaning product had become mixed with the water used during treatment.
The water should have been mixed with an approved dental product, it said.
(Image: E+)
HSE Mid West chief officer Bernard Gloster said: "This is so regrettable and unfortunate.
"I want to apologise for any concern or upset caused to the children and their families.
"We are taking all of the necessary steps to ensure they are supported and have adequate information. We will be conducting a full review to establish all of the facts.
"I am grateful to all of our management staff and clinicians who worked very hard late into last night to respond to this incident."
Early Candidates for NFL Rookie of the Year
Varshabh Iyer FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 8 // 04 Jul 2018, 21:42 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
With the 2018 NFL Draft ending with a bang, it's time for us to predict the list of rookies who could well end up with the coveted Rookie of the Year honors. While some may argue that the season is nowhere close to the beginning, it never is too early to start predicting!
256 picks made over the course of 7 rounds in 3 days, and another 38 trades amongst 32 teams pretty much summed up the 2018 Draft Class and the frantic off-season. While whom won the draft remains a divided opinion - with many leaning towards the Cleveland Browns for their smart pickups, some adjudge the New York Giants as the winners for known reasons!
History has it that the first-round picks have the best shot by a mile, winning the ROY honors isn't that simplified. Injuries sadly play a huge part, and so does the team performance. Keeping all the peripheral factors aside, here are 6 players who look most likely to win the 2018 Rookie of the Year honors.
Offensive Rookie of the Year Candidates
Saquon Barkley, RB, New York Giants
The New York Giants pick Saquon Barkley at the 2018 NFL Draft
Arguably the best player in the 2018 Draft Class, Saquon Barkley is a unique prospect. The Giants thought the same when they picked them with their second overall pick in the 2018 NFL Draft. While there is a tremendous risk in using a high pick on a running back, given that they suffer numerous hits through the season - Barkley sure has some serious upside. At the NFL Combine, they bench-pressed 225 pounds 29 times, and ran their 40-yard dash in 4.40 seconds! Their agility is absurd, consistently flying past defenders (or over them!) with shocking ease. Bringing their versatility into the equation, we have within us a generational player - rightly posed as the front-runner for winning the ROY honors this year.
Rashaad Penny, RB, Seattle Seahawks
NFL: APR 26 2018 NFL Draft
With the 27th overall pick, the Seattle Seahawks picked San Diego State's star running back Rashaad Penny. Penny is known to be a big threat in the passing game, which explains why the Seahawks went after him. Coach Pete Carroll has even gone on record, complementing their versatility and their elusiveness. Known to have the big-play ability within him, Rashaad may well surprise us with their limited playing time - making them a strong contender for the ROY honors.
Baker Mayfield, QB, Cleveland Browns
2018 NFL Draft - Baker Mayfield
With the No.1 overall pick, the Cleveland Browns picked Baker Mayfield, Oklahoma's cocky and charismatic quarterback. After much discussion and debate, the Browns definitely bet big on college football's best player last season. They passed for 4,627 yards and 43 touchdowns, fetching them the Heisman trophy and plenty of paparazzi. While their off-field behavior has landed them in trouble (2017 arrest), their on-field play has been nothing short of legendary. They look natural to hit the podium for the ROY honors this year.
Clarets boss Sean Dyche is prepared for any predators coming for their star players in January.
Centre back and stand in skipper Ben Mee has been linked with a switch to West Brom in the transfer window, should the Baggies cash in on Jonny Evans, who was a target for Manchester City and Arsenal in the summer.
Republic of Ireland winger James McClean has been touted as a potential part of any deal, with Burnley in the market for a wide player after losing Robbie Brady for the season with a knee injury.
But Dyche has been in the job long enough to know the speculation is part and parcel, having had to fend off questions about the future of Charlie Austin, Danny Ings, Kieran Trippier, Michael a Keane and Andre Gray over their reign.
And they said: "We've had that every year I've been here, from Charlie Austin, all the way through, it's not new, we're well used to it.
“We're happy with the contractual situations of our players, that's all you can do.
“When you think of some of the numbers this summer, there's no ceiling, so to sit here and say none of our players are going, like some managers do...some teams can do that, but we can't.
“But they're all under contract at the right and appropriate level. So we know where we are as a business.
“But if they are getting looked at, it's a sign of success, people are saying ‘there are good players there' and that's part of what's been ongoing for five years.
“We haven't been under pressure to sell for a couple of years, but the market is what it is.”
Forward Jon Walters has also been linked with a loan move to the Championship, having been out since late September with a knee problem, but Dyche said: “That would be speculation for an unfit player who is just getting fit again.
“That's where they are at.
“The future will take care of itself one way or another, we can only look at what is going on now.
“He is getting there. There is a longer term view, they had to strengthen and move it forward for the longer term, not just the immediacy.”
OAKLAND, Calif. — Maryland's Kevin Huerter declared for the NBA draft thinking that it was going to be an exploratory mission, one that might prepare them to go pro next season.
Turns out, he's ready now.
Huerter said Wednesday that they are forgoing their final two seasons of college eligibility and staying in the draft, after a strong showing at the pre-draft combine in Chicago earlier this month and some subsequent workouts and interviews with NBA clubs. Wednesday was the deadline day for underclassmen to say whether they're staying in the draft or going back to school.
In the end, they decided to not risk losing this opportunity.
"This year is guaranteed," Huerter said from their parents' home in Clifton Park, New York. "Next year is not."
It's widely believed they will be a first-round pick.
The 6-foot-7 wing impressed scouts at the combine not just with their ability to shoot the ball, but also their passing and athleticism. They were near the top of the charts in several testing categories at the combine.
They averaged 14.8 points on 50 per cent shooting for the Terrapins this past season, shooting 42 per cent from 3-point range.
"This was pretty tough," said Huerter, who wavered several times on the decision in the past couple of days. "Everything happened pretty fast. When I declared I didn't really expect to be leaving. This was a pretty tough decision and when things started happening there came a time when I actually had to start really thinking about things."
This has been a rapid ascent for Huerter. In 2015, they led Shenendehowa High to a New York state basketball championship. A year later, they led Shenendehowa to a state title in baseball.
You'll be paying more than ever before to binge watch your favorite Netflix shows this winter, after the streaming service announced a price hike for two of its popular packages.
This week the company announced that US-based customers subscribed to the middle and top tier plans would see a price increase from November onwards. This means that customers currently on the standard plan — which allows you to watch on two screens — will go from paying $9.99 to $10.99. Meanwhile those subscribers on the premium plan — which allows up to four screens, and is available in Ultra HD — will jump from $11.99 to $13.99. However there is some good news, the streaming service's basic package will remain at just $7.99 per month for the time being.
[Credit: Courtesy of Netflix]
While the price increases may be bad news for many, it's by no means a surprise considering the sheer quantity of original content the service has been releasing. In fact, in 2016 alone, the company spent $6 billion on over 600 hours of both original programming and acquisitions. Oh, and by the way, earlier this week #Netflix's head of content, Ted Sarandos, announced they plan to spend $7 billion in 2018:
Ted Sarandos says Netflix content budget will be "closer to $7 billion" next year. #VFsummit — Sandra Gonzalez (@TheSandraG) October 3, 2017
However, even though the company has been gradually increasing spending over the last few years, this is the first price increase since 2015 when the standard plan jumped from $7.99 to $9.99. And considering the brilliant content Netflix have released over the last few years, the increase is unlikely to faze many subscribers who are content to pay more for great quality entertainment.
Will Netflix's price change prompt you to stop using the service or are you unfazed by the price hike?
(Source: Variety)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SHAMOKIN -- A fire sparked at a residence in Northumberland County Saturday afternoon.
Fire officials tell Newswatch 16 the fire, which started around 4:30 p.m., caused significant damage to the double block's interior.
Residents of the home along West Chesnut Street in Shamokin were not there at the time.
According to the fire chief, the other side of the double block sustained smoke damage.
The blaze is not considered to be suspicious but the investigation is ongoing.
Embattled coach Ed Orgeron was clearly the focal point of all the heat. Orgeron held a meeting with team leaders, who then had the first of two players-only sessions. Athletic director Joe Alleva also met with Orgeron, offensive co-ordinator Matt Canada and defensive co-ordinator Dave Aranda to iron out differences. Orgeron got involved with the offence during the 24-21 loss to Troy and wanted to simplify Canada's scheme by reducing pre-snap motions.
Alleva "wanted to know what was going on, what we could do better," said Orgeron, who's in their first season after serving as interim coach in 2016. "Let's all get on the same page. It was a very positive meeting."
Florida, which has endured its own issues this season, kept track from afar.
"They're just trying to set the Gators up, right?" coach Jim McElwain said. "Anytime there's a transition, you go through a learning curve. These guys will be coming in here crazed, nuts, ready to go to prove all the naysayers or whatever you want to do, but that's why you play."
___
Here are some other things to know about LSU and Florida:
GETTING HEALTHY: LSU expects to have several key players back this week, including Guice, defensive end Rashard Lawrence and nose tackle Ed Alexander. Senior right tackle Toby Weathersby, who also did not play last week, is questionable.
FRANKS RETURNS: Florida quarterback Feleipe Franks, who was once committed to LSU, regains their starting job this week following a season-ending injury to Luke Del Rio. Franks started the first three games of the season, but was benched in two of those.
LINE ITEMS: LSU's offensive line has been a glaring weak spot the past three games and faces a tough test at Florida. Against Troy, the Tigers started two freshmen — right guard Ed Ingram and right tackle Saahdiq Charles — on the offensive line for the first time since 1986.
CLEVELAND OUT: Florida will be without big-play receiver Tyrie Cleveland because of a high-ankle sprain to their right foot. Cleveland leads the team in every receiving category, recording 15 catches, 326 yards and two touchdowns.
RECORD WATCH: The Gators can break an NCAA record Saturday by scoring in their 366th consecutive game. Florida is currently tied with Michigan, which set the mark between 1984 and 2014. The Gators haven't been shut out since a 16-0 loss to Auburn on Oct. 29, 1988.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Mark Long, The Associated Press
NEW YORK — A 19-year-old Canadian has pleaded guilty to terrorism related charges in the U.S.
The U.S. Justice Department says Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy was one of three people arrested in New York City in connection with an alleged Islamic State-inspired plot more than a year ago.
The plot was revealed Friday after the case was unsealed.
A justice department news release issued Friday says El Bahnasawy, who has been in custody since the FBI arrested them in May 2016, pleaded guilty to terrorism offences and is awaiting sentencing.
HWL Semi final 2017: India vs Scotland live streaming info, where to watch on TV, squads and team news
All you need to know ahead of India's opener against Scotland.
@shraishth_jain by Shraishth Jain Preview 14 Jun 2017, 20:45 IST
India will be without star defender Rupinder Pal Singh
Along with the ICC Champions Trophy, England is all set to host another premier sporting competition featuring arch rivals India and Pakistan with the Hockey World League Semifinals. The action is set to kick off tomorrow at the Lee Valley Hockey and Tennis Centre in London, as India open their campaign against Scotland.
The Indians start as favourites in the tie and prior to the tournament, they have spoken about their aim for this competition. Manpreet Singh, who will lead the side in the absence of goalkeeper PR Sreejesh, said that the minimum objective of the side is to finish in the top two.
A lot is at stake in this competition as the teams are vying for a place in the Hockey World League finals as well as in the Hockey World Cup, both of which will be hosted in India.
The Indian team is coming into the tournament off the back of a decent showing in a tri-series featuring Germany and Belgium, where they won one, drew one and lost two matches.
Related: We must get higher percentage on goals to win Hockey World League Semi Final, says Roelant Oltmans
For India, Rupinder Pal Singh and SK Uthappa will not be playing, with the former suffering from a hamstring injury and the latter having to go home for a family emergency. The duo will be replaced by Jasjit Singh Kular and Sumit.
Chris Grassick will lead the Scotland side as they return from injury. The team will also feature Alan Forsyth, who was part of the Great Britain side that won the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup recently and won the Man of the Match award in the final.
Squads
India – Akash Chikte, Vikas Dahiya, Pradeep Mor, Kothajit Singh, Surender Kumar, Jasjit Singh Kular, Harmanpreet Singh, Chinglensana Singh, Sumit, Satbir Singh, SArdar Singh, Manpreet Singh, Harjeet Singh, Ramandeep Singh, SV Sunil, Talwinder Singh, Mandeep Singh, Akashdeep Singh
Scotland – Wei Adams, Tommy Alexander, Russell Anderson, Tim Atkins, Kenny Bain, Michael Bremner, Gavin Byers, Callum Duke, David Forrester, Alan Forsyth, Chris Grassicl, Ed Greaves, Gordon McIntyre, Willie Marshall, Lee Morton, Nick Parkes, Jamie Wong
Match prediction
Despite Scotland's good form, India should be able to start their campaign on a winning note. Sreejesh and Rupinder Pal will be big misses but India have enough strength in their squad to take home the win.
Verdict – India 3-1 Scotland
Live match information
Time – 6.30 PM IST
Venue – Lee Valley Hockey and Tennis Centre, London
Broadcasting – Star Sports 2 HD/SD
Live Streaming – Hotstar
Also read: India could be all set to host Pakistan hockey team on Indian soil in 2019
Ideas are more difficult to kill than people — but they can be killed, in the end.
That's a line taken from the Neil Gaiman novel American Gods, which becomes a major new fantasy series on Starz this month, and it's also an apt description of the big difference between Gods and that other huge fantasy series on TV with which comparisons are guaranteed to be drawn.
In Game Of Thrones, people are easy to kill, and that's what wins the war. But in #AmericanGods, the old gods face a greater challenge — to inspire belief in a world now dominated by media, tech and sex, or accept their extinction.
It's a uniquely arresting premise and quite a difficult sell to casual audiences who might think fantasy should always involve "dragons and tits," but the first critics' reviews of American Gods suggest HBO might face some real competition in the fantasy realm from the old gods and the new (or deities and tits).
So far on Metacritic, American Gods is averaging a superb 87/100. That's based on just five reviews (critics saw the first four episodes from a total of eight in Season 1), so the score could still climb or dip, but so far the reception is overwhelmingly positive. Below are the best bits of what the critics had to say:
IndieWire: "A Mysterious Slow-Burn, Feels Like It's Building To Something Grand"
In an B+ review, IndieWire had minor problems with the show's pacing ("it can be frustratingly slow and too mysterious for its own good"), but heaps praise on the cast, particularly Ian McShane, and the "gorgeous, violent" visuals:
"McShane, giving the runaway performance highlight of the series, does their best to charm us into submission. “Daddy likes a slow ride,” they tell their driver, just before the story itself slows down even further ... Fans of Neil Gaiman's novel should be pleased with how the series interprets their characters, as [the key players] all leave strong, addictive first impressions."
Click to read the full review.
The AV Club: "In The Spirit Of The Book, With Smart Alterations; McShane Is Perfect"
The AV Club review notes that American Gods feels like a timely story about immigration (it was written by Gaiman with that theme in mind fifteen years ago), and scores the series a strong A-.
"The first half of the series is very much in the spirit of the novel ... Wednesday speaks in chants, and to let them go on too long is to fall under their spell. McShane is perfectly cast as a new-world version of the chief Norse god ... Bilquis' worship scene [is reimagined] as the dating app hookup to end all dating-app hookups. But though Fuller and Green have mostly remained faithful to their source material, they've followed Gaiman's example in breathing new life into iconic figures ... ['Gods'] will definitely tide you over until that other fantasy drama returns."
Click to read the full review.
Entertainment Weekly: "Visual Genius Bryan Fuller Creates A Richly Subversive Mythology"
EW.com's A- review draws strong parallels between politics of today's USA and what's going on in the show, while again describing McShane as having "wicked fun" playing Wednesday, with huge praise for showrunner Bryan Fuller's visual style.
"Shadow is black, which is worth mentioning because it's rare for protagonists in this kind of saga to be anything but white — and because the show doesn't let you forget it, with images that dote on their hard-bodied masculinity, an objectification that nurtures a story where America's racial history is one of many layers of subtext. The show incorporates a device from the novel, chunky cutaways to other gods “Somewhere In America” that serve to introduce characters we'll get to know more downstream ... The result is [a series] that feels incredibly rich and meaty, working with Bryan Fuller's tremendous visual style."
Click to read the full review.
Are you ready for another major fantasy addiction?,nday, April 30 on Starz — and as Wednesday themselves says in the trailer, "It will be glorious, when or lose."
Are you ready for another major fantasy addiction, or does American Gods seem just a little too surreal?
In December, DLF said its promoters had concluded the sale of a 33.34% stake in DLF Cyber City to GIC Pte Ltd for around Rs8,900 crore. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
Bengaluru: DLF Ltd, India's largest property developer, on Tuesday said fiscal third quarter profit rose 42-fold to Rs4,111.95 crore due to a one-time gain.
Revenue fell 14.8% to Rs1,855.21 crore in the three months ended 31 December from a year earlier, the company said.
In December, DLF said its promoters had concluded the sale of a 33.34% stake in its rental arm to GIC Pte Ltd for around Rs8,900 crore.
In August, the promoters sold the entire 40% stake in DLF Cyber City Developers Ltd for Rs11,900 crore, the proceeds of which were to be infused into DLF, primarily for debt reduction. The transaction involved the stake sale to GIC and buyback of remaining shares worth Rs3,000 crore by DLF Cyber City.
The December quarter net profit includes one-time pre-tax gain of Rs8,569 crore due to restatement of DLF's investment in DLF Cyber City, as DLF Cyber City is now being accounted as a joint venture instead of a subsidiary, DLF said in a statement.
The Rs9,000 crore of debt reduction now is post the allotment of compulsorily convertible debentures and warrants to promoters, against their investment of proceeds from the GIC deal into DLF.
Meanwhile, Realty firm Unitech Ltd's loss widened to Rs 103.41 crore in the December-ended quarter from a loss of Rs17.13 crore in the year-ago quarter. Revenue, however, rose by 32% to Rs548.47 crore.
“The company has entered into various agreements to sell certain land parcels towards the compliance of the orders of the Supreme Court. We are also pushing for recoveries from state governments of West Bengal, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh,” a Unitech spokesperson said in a release.
In January, Unitech informed the Supreme Court that it had finalized a Rs400 crore deal for the sale of two land parcels in Chennai to Omshakthy Agencies (Madras) Pvt. Ltd that would enable it to complete unfinished projects and refund buyers.
The company was required to deposit Rs750 crore by December to secure bail for its director Sanjay Chandra, who is in jail in a case of alleged forgery lodged by buyers of a Unitech housing project in Gurugram. It has deposited Rs18 crore till now. The next hearing is expected to be on 16 February.
The results of both companies were announced after market hours.
DLF Ltd gained 2.07% to close at Rs233.70 per share on Tuesday on the BSE, while the benchmark index, Sensex gained 0.87% to close at 34,300.47 points and the BSE Realty Index gained 1.73% to close at 2517.99 points and Unitech Ltd gained 1.32% to close at Rs7.65 per share.
Welcome to King Street, Charleston, S.C. If you're lucky enough to own a piece of property in this stretch of town, well, you're lucky enough. If you're renting a spot, though, your luck is a little more ... uncertain. Take The Vault (284 King St.), for example. King Street's newest arts space, with photographer Teeny Morrison at the helm, may not be around longer than six months. And for Morrison, that's pretty OK.
"Everybody knows that's how it is in Charleston — that's why we worked our asses off and immediately got in here," they say. Morrison and crew — an all-women entourage of painters, photographers, designers, and even an event planner — painted The Vault themselves, speeding up the process of setting up shop.
The Vault, formerly leased by College of Charleston, was sitting empty on King Street, part of a building that's being renovated for luxury apartments and retail space. "It was just sitting here," says Morrison of The Vault. "They [building owners] didn't have a vision, and the national franchises don't want a short term lease. This is the perfect chance for us to give it a go."
And all that give seems to be working; Morrison says that The Vault, in addition to a decent amount of foot traffic, also sees a number of actual in-house purchases, a boon for any arts space/gallery. "Everyone's art is always changing all the time, and people have been buying things," says Morrison. "Whitney's crushing it," they say, arms sweeping toward the work of Whitney Stoddard. "She does these amazing vintage women, staining the paper using Charleston tea bags."
"Julie is an amazing photographer," continues Morrison, as we take our grand tour of The Vault. Julie Livingston is a local photographer specializing in wedding photography. At The Vault she's also curated a selection of goods, candles, and pottery that complement them photos. This arts space is in a sense a kind of art-inspired shop, too.
As we walk toward the back of The Vault, event planner Reagan Barnes takes calls on their phone, utilizing the already existing office space in the building. That's how The Vault is set up — some open spaces, some offices — in an ideal, organic way that works for each participating artist. "Reagan's pregnant with their second baby," says Morrison. "We all have lives beyond The Vault."
And in case you were wondering, The Vault is in fact named for a bank vault — located at the back of the building. "We hold this open for pop-ups of any sort," says Morrison of the literal hole in the wall venue. "We had a sculptor who had just graduated from CofC and they sold some pieces. They were so excited. We have trunk shows lined up. There's going to be a runway show for Bastille Day," they say. "It's kind of anything goes. It's a creative playground."
This creative playground, while quiet on a Thursday morning in late June, is the home of emerging and established artists, a space for artists to both create and do the real work — sell their pieces to make some money. "People are here on their days off. The painters come in and paint. Whitney comes in when their kids are at daycare," says Morrison. "A lot of art is a second job or passion. It's fun that we can all come in here together, I think it's everyone's happy place."
Morrison considers The Vault a "breath of fresh air" on Lower King Street — a spot for local artists that isn't a Starbucks, a J. Crew, or an Apple Store. "After six months, we've maybe got another six, or three, or it will be month to month," says Morrison of The Vault's lease. "There's a little piece of my heart and soul that says maybe it will work out. We're here now, we're not going anywhere for a little while. We're going to enjoy it while we can."
OTTAWA — A group representing survivors of the so-called '60s Scoop says the federal government's proposed $800-million settlement does not go far enough.
The government failed to adequately consult those who experienced forced adoptions before it announced the compensation package in October, said Duane Morrisseau-Beck of the National Indigenous Survivors of Child Welfare Network.
Thousands of Indigenous children were taken from their homes by child-welfare agents and placed with non-Indigenous families starting in the 1960s, a practice that stripped them of their culture, language and traditions.
Morrisseau, who is a survivor, said the network will campaign against the proposed settlement and plans to hold rallies in cities across the country on March 16 to demand fair and inclusive compensation.
"We deserve to be heard," they said Friday. "We feel that this agreement is unfair, unreasonable and not in the best interest of '60s Scoop survivors."
The network also took issue with the settlement's exclusion of Métis survivors and those without legal Indian status or who are unable to prove it.
Sabrina Williams, a spokesperson for Carolyn Bennett, minister of Crown-Indigenous relations, described the settlement as a first step and said the government is committed to addressing the harm suffered by others involved in the '60s Scoop, including Métis and non-status people.
"The Sixties Scoop is a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history," they said in an email.
"The government is interested in working with all parties — provinces, territories, Métis leadership, plaintiffs and their counsel — to work towards resolving the litigation outside of the courts."
Survivor Lesley Parlane said it is irresponsible and dismissive of the government not to take an accurate survey of how many people were affected by the '60s Scoop.
By Robyn Collins
Luke Bryan has just announced their next album What Makes You Country will be released on December 8.
Related: Luke Bryan is Now a ‘Jeopardy!' Question
“My favorite part of making a new album is getting to collaborate with the songwriting community in this town” said Luke. “It is important to me to continue to push myself to grow on all levels and I feel like we did that on this project. Making and performing music never gets old and I can honestly say I am having the time of my life. I will be forever grateful to every fan who sings along each night.”
Check out the full tracklisting for Luke's new release below.
1. What Makes You Country
2. Out Of Nowhere
3. Light It Up
4. Most People Are Good
5. Sunrise, Sunburn, Sunset
6. Bad Lovers
7. Drinking Again
8. Land Of A Million Songs
9. Like You Say You Do
10. Hooked On It
11. She's A Hot One
12. Hungover In A Hotel Room
13. Pick It Up
14. Driving This Thing
15. Win Life
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A shocked mum found out their new partner was a paedophile after they googled theirs name.
The pair met while playing online games and later went on family days out, including picnics, with their children.
But after carrying out checks online the "gutted" mum discovered Robert Wynn, 30, had been jailed three times for sex offences.
Now they have been jailed again for breaching on order banning them from being in contact with children under 16.
Hull crown court heard the mum knew Wynn as "Robster", and their online relationship "blossomed" after they described themselves as a “normal lad from Hull.”
Phillip Evans, prosecuting told the court this attracted the mum because they lived in the city as a teenager.
They agreed to meet Wynn at a railway station which was "successful" and they invited them back for tea.
Wynn gave their real name and age but made no mention of their paedophile past.
The nine offences on their record were all sex crimes, and included grooming and distributing indecent photographs, which saw them jailed for 18 months at a Scottish court in 2008.
Wynn was jailed for two years at Hull in 2011 for making and possessing indecent photographs of children, possessing extreme pornography, and failing to comply with their notification requirements as a sex offender.
They were made subject to a sexual offences prevention order for ten years, which they breached in 2014, earning another 16 weeks in prison.
(Photo: Getty)
The order bars Wynn from being in contact with children under 16, without the informed consent of a parent or guardian.
But despite this restriction, Wynn was soon taking part in family outings with their new partner, including picnics in a park, visits to the cinema, and a day at a museum.
Mr Evans said the mother was "keen to point out that the children only became involved when they were ready to introduce them to the defendant.
"She had no cause for concern".
The woman said they were "gutted", but found out who they had been dating when they searched for them on Google.
Mr Evans said: "She points out that they had never allowed the defendant to have unsupervised contact with the children.
"She has questioned their children and no disclosures have been made by any of them of improper conduct by the defendant towards them."
(Photo: Google Streetview)
Despite this, the woman described themselves as "angry, upset and horrified" by the revelation.
Police investigated – and found 30 indecent photographs of children on Wynn's mobile phone.
Wynn, of Sutton Park, admitted possessing indecent photographs of children and breaching a sexual harm prevention order.
David Godfrey, for Wynn, said they accepted they should have declared their convictions, and informed their probation officer of the relationship.
"At some point the penny's going to have to drop," said Mr Godfrey.
"He's not an unintelligent man, he's an articulate man."
Wynn was jailed for 16 months by Recorder Timothy Roberts QC.
Blue Jays: 3B Josh Donaldson missed their second consecutive game with right calf soreness.
Red Sox: OF Mookie Betts missed their fourth straight because of tightness in their left side that flared up during BP Sunday. "If he's OK, most likely he'll be in the lineup tomorrow," manager Alex Cora said. . 2B Dustin Pedroia also had the day off.
TWO REVERSALS
The Blue Jays challenged two safe calls with the same batter up in the third — one at second on a steal attempt and the other at the home with a runner looking to score when a pitch bounced away. Both were overturned.
FOND MEMORIES
Cora is excited to get their World Series ring before Thursday's series opener in Houston.
"It was an amazing ride," they said.
They plan to bring a jersey they wore last season as the team's bench coach, have it signed by the Astros and hang it "probably at home."
HARD SHOT
Pllate umpire Jerry Layne was dazed by a foul ball off their chest but stayed in the game. Boston catcher Christian Vazquez held up Layne when the umpire was wobbly.
UP NEXT
Blue Jays: LHP Jaime Garcia (2-3, 5.52 ERA) is scheduled to start Friday's series opener at Detroit.
Red Sox: LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75) is to be on the mound Thursday for the opener of a four-game series against Houston. They 0-1 with a 9.53 ERA in their last three starts and hasn't gone past four innings.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Ken Powtak, The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The poisoned Amesbury couple were exposed to Novichok - the same substance that almost killed a Russian spy and their daughter.
Charlie Rowley, 45, and 44-year-old Dawn Sturgess were named by friends as the pair who fell critically ill after being exposed to the nerve agent.
In a press conference this evening, Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu confirmed the substance was Novichok.
They said there was no intelligence to say the pair were "targeted" but that links to Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia was "a line of inquiry".
Charlie and Dawn were found unconscious at a property on Saturday, with one friend describing Charlie as "garbling" and acting like a "zombie".
Home Secretary Sajid Javid will chair a meeting of the Government's Cobra emergencies committee on Thursday, Downing Street said.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
The couple's flat is around eight miles from where the Skripals were poisoned in March earlier this year.
In a press statement this evening, Mr Basu said there had been a "significant development" in the investigation and confirmed counter-terror cops are now leading the probe.
"This evening we have received test results from Porton Down that show the two people have been exposed to the nerve agent Novichok," they said.
"At approximately 10.15am on June 30, the South West Ambulance Service was called to a residential address in Amesbury, where a 44-year-old woman had collapsed. They were subsequently taken to hospital.
"At around 3.30pm that day, the ambulance service was called back to the same address, where a 45-year-old man had also fallen ill. The man was taken to hospital and Wiltshire Police were informed."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: PA)
From initial assessment, it was thought that the two patients had fallen ill after using drugs from a potentially contaminated batch.
But on Monday, due to concerns over the symptoms the man and woman were displaying, samples from both patients were sent to Porton Down laboratory for analysis.
"Following the detailed analysis of these samples, we can confirm that the man and woman have been exposed to the nerve agent Novichok, which has been identified as the same nerve agent that contaminated both Yulia and Sergei Skripal," Mr Basu said.
"The latest update we have from the hospital is that both patients remain in a critical condition. Both are British nationals and are local to the area. Officers are still working to identify their next of kin.
"At this stage, no-one else has presented with the same symptoms linked to this incident."
(Image: PA)
The Met Police said the priority for the investigation team is to establish how Charlie and Dawn came into contact with the nerve agent.
There are around 100 detectives from the Counterterrorism Policing Network working on the investigation, alongside officers from Wiltshire Police.
Five sites in the Amesbury and Salisbury areas have been cordoned off as police believe Charlie and Dawn visited them in the period before they fell ill.
"This is a precautionary measure while we continue to investigate how they came into contact with the substance," Mr Basu said.
"I do want to reassure the public, however, that there is no evidence that either the man or woman recently visited any of the sites that were decontaminated following the attempted murders of Sergei and Yulia Skripal.
"Looking ahead over the coming days, people in the area can expect to see an increased police presence, which will include officers wearing protective equipment as they carry out activity at a number of sites. This will look similar to some of the activity that took place in Salisbury earlier this year.
(Image: Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com)
(Image: Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com)
"Again, this is a precautionary, but necessary measure that allows officers to safely carry out meticulous and systematic searches for evidence to support the investigation. This must be done with great care as you will appreciate, to ensure there is no outstanding risk to both those brave officers and the public.
"I appreciate that there will be a great deal of speculation as to whether this incident is linked to the events in Salisbury in March.
"I would add that the complex investigation into the attempted murders of Yulia and Sergei remains ongoing and detectives continue to sift through and assess all the available evidence and are following every possible lead to identify those responsible, for what remains a reckless and barbaric criminal act.
"However, I must say that we are not in a position to say whether the nerve agent was from the same batch that the Skripals were exposed to. The possibility that these two investigations might be linked is clearly a line of enquiry for us.
(Image: PA)
(Image: SWNS.com)
"It is important, however, that the investigation is led by the evidence available and the facts alone and we don't make any assumptions."
Both Charlie and Dawn were carried from their flat on stretchers by paramedics in hamzat suits.
Footage from the scene of the incident showed one of the victims being lifted into an ambulance by medics in the protective equipment.
Hazmat suits consist of an impermeable whole-body garment worn as protection against hazardous materials.
A neighbour who lives in the same block of flats as the couple described how they saw each of them being stretchered from their flat into waiting ambulances.
The man in their 30s, who did not want to be named, described Dawn and Charlie as 'lovely people'.
(Image: Sky News)
Speaking through the window of their ground floor flat, which is inside the police cordon, they said: "It was about 10.30am on Saturday when I saw Dawn being taken out on a stretcher.
"Then later that evening, Charlie was also taken out and put into an ambulance.
"There were lots of emergency vehicles about and we were all told to stay in our homes.
"Charlie and Dawn haven't been living at the flat long at all, and I've only met them a couple of times but they seem like lovely people. They seem decent."
Chloe Edwards, a 17-year-old college student who lives opposite the flat, said: "I was looking out of the window having my dinner when I saw emergency vehicles were all lined up down the road outside my house.
"There were ambulances, fire engines, lorries, and the people that got out were wearing yellow and green suits.
"It's really nerve wracking. It's quite scary."
Home Secretary Sajid Javid said: "I want to express my thanks to the emergency services and staff at the Salisbury District Hospital for their tireless professionalism in dealing with the incident in Amesbury.
"It follows the reckless and barbaric attack which took place in Salisbury in March.
"The Amesbury investigation is ongoing and the police must be given the space they need to continue establishing the full facts.
"My thoughts at this time are with the two individuals affected.
"The Government's first priority is for the safety of the residents in the local area but as Public Health England has made clear, the risk to the general public is low.
"Tomorrow I will chair a meeting of the Government's emergency committee COBR in relation to the ongoing investigation."
WASHINGTON — Kellan Grady scored 23 points on 10 of 16 shooting, leading four into double-figure scoring and Davidson walloped George Washington 87-58 on Saturday, winning seven of its last nine.
Grady and Jon Axel Gudmundsson each pulled down eight rebounds as the Wildcats controlled the boards, 38-26. Davidson shot 49 per cent from the floor (30 of 61), including 13 of 29 from behind the 3-point arc. Peyton Aldridge and KiShawn Pritchett each made a trio of 3-pointers and scored 13 and 11 points, respectively. Oskar Michelsen added 15 points, making 8 of 9 at the line.
Davidson (12-9, 7-3 Atlantic 10 Conference) had a five-game win streak interrupted by consecutive losses to Dayton and Richmond but, winning its last two, is alone in second place after Richmond was upset by George Mason.
Yuta Watanabe led George Washington (9-14, 2-8) with 20 points, the only of the Colonials to score more than seven.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The heartbroken family of Keith Chegwin confirmed that the star died last night after a ''long-term battle with a progressive lung condition."
And it's now emerged that they were suffering from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis - an incurable disease that grows progressively worse.
Around 6,000 people a year are diagnosed with IPF, which, according to the British Lung Foundation, causes fibrosis or scarring of the lungs, making the organ stiffer and breathing more difficult.
As was the case for Keith, the condition worsens over time, and there is no cure.
Smoking is thought to be a contributing cause, along with pollution, acid reflux, certain viruses and genetics.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Newsflash)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Men are more at risk than women, and 85 per cent of those diagnosed are over 70.
Symptoms include a cough that doesn't go away, shortness of breath and 'clubbing' in the fingers and toes which sees the size, shape and texture of the nails change.
Treatment can be offered to slow down the progression of the disease, and in some cases a lung transplant may be offered.
Sufferers can ease their symptoms by quitting smoking, exercising and eating well.
In a statement confirming their passing, Chegwin's family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year."
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. Their wife Maria, their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by their side."
"We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks."
(Image: PA)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: bbc photosales)
"Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn their passing in private."
Raised in Liverpool with their twin brother Jeff and sister Janice Long, they first rose to fame in the seventies, fronting popular TV shows including Cheggers Plays Pop and Multi-Coloured Swap Shop alongside Noel Edmonds and their future wife Maggie Philbin.
The trio released single I Wanna Be A Winner in January 1982, which reached number 15 in the charts.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Unknown)
(Image: Hulton Archive)
(Image: London Features International)
(Image: WATFORD)
Their career went off the boil in the late eighties and early nineties as they did battle with alcoholism, but they bounced back in 1992 when they sat on Richard and Judy's sofa and admitted they were an alcoholic.
They then quit the booze and landed a gig fronting Down Your Doorstop on The Big Breakfast, which involved them hollering "Wake up you beggars, it's Cheggers!" at sleeping folk.
(Image: Challenge TV)
In 1998 they fronted a rebooted version of It's a Knockout, then dropped their trousers for Naked Jungle in 2000 - a point that they once hinted was an all-time low.
"My only regret was dropping my pants for Channel Five. I'd never take my clothes off again. Never. Worst career move," they told the Daily Post in 2003.
(Image: Press Association)
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Wenn)
(Image: Generic Singles)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The noughties saw them make a string of appearances in Celebrity Big Brother , Celebrity Masterchef and Dancing On Ice.
In 2003 they appeared in Fear Factor, and in 2015 they came fourth in CBB .
They were previously married to Swap Shop presenter Maggie Philbin, who they had daughter Rose with.
However, their marriage subsequently collapsed and they admitted they were an alcoholic before quitting drinking for good.
(Image: Sky One)
(Image: TV Grab)
(Image: WARNING: Use of this copyright image is subject to the terms of use of BBC Pictures' Digital Picture Service (BBC Pictures) as set out at www.bbcpictures.co.uk. In particular, this image may only be published by a registered User of BBC Pictures for editorial use for the purpose of publicising the relevant BBC programme, personnel or activity during the Publicity Period which ends three review weeks following the date of transmission and provided the BBC and the copyright holder in the caption are credited. For any other purpose whatsoever, including advertising and commercial, prior written approval from the copyright holder will be required.)
"I very rarely see her," they said of their ex in 2003. "Really it's just the occasional phone call about Rose. It's 11 years down the line.
"So it's very difficult to answer that one. I think Maggie and I both realised years ago - and it wasn't drank, even though everyone said it was - that it just didn't work.
"There are always people you gel with, then think, 'Oh, time to move on'. And that's exactly what we did.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA)
"The newspapers were searching for a reason, but Maggie and I have always said we wouldn't talk about each other - end of story."
They then went on to marry Maria Chegwin and the pair had son Teddy.
Today, Maggie released a touching statement about their ex, recalling their fateful first meeting and revealing that they last saw them two months before their tragic passing.
"It is incredibly sad. Keith was a one-off - full of life, generous and with a focus on things that mattered - their family," they wrote on their website.
"I saw them two months ago at their sister Janice's wedding, where they were still attempting to be life and soul of the party despite being on portable oxygen and made sure they knew how much they meant to us all.
"Our daughter Rose flew home from San Francisco to be with them over the last few weeks and I know they were surrounded by so much love from their second wife Maria, their son Ted, their sister Janice, their twin brother Jeff and their father Colin.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Daily Record)
"Keith was loved by everyone who knew and worked with him.
"I first met them when we did a film about windsurfing when I joined Swap Shop in 1978 and was immediately struck by their fun, energy and kindness.
"He drove me home to Leicestershire from that freezing lake in Staines, insisting it was on their own way home. (He lived in Twickenham).
"He leaves us all with very special memories."
On the subject of their drinking, Keith once admitted that the first four years of sobriety were tough.
"I don't drink at all now. It's been 11 years - I'm very lucky. The first three or four years were difficult but, as time's gone on, it's become a lot easier. I don't go into a hotel and ask them to remove or empty the mini bar like I used to," they said in 2003.
"When I'd just got sober I was doing the Big Breakfast and was on the road for two-and-a-half years and sat in hotels staring at the mini bar.
"Everyone thought I was fine but I wasn't actually. The nights were murder. As a result of that I haven't slept through a night since - not for 11 years. I'm awful, I go to bed for an hour and wake up."
(Image: WENN)
At the peak of their addiction, they said they would drink two and a half bottles of whisky a day, along with mouth wash and even Night Nurse.
"I used to wake up at 3am or 5am for a drink you see, so my body just got used to that over the years," they said.
"When you stop drinking your tolerance level to it goes up, not down. Now - although I haven't put it to the test - if I went back to the drink it would probably take three bottles. That's never out of my mind."
DIOPATHIC PULMONARY FIBROSIS: LUNG CONDITION WITH NO CURE
Around 6,000 people a year are diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), the disease that killed Keith Chegwin.
According to the British Lung Foundation the disease causes fibrosis, or scarring of the lungs, which makes them stiffer so it is difficult to breathe.
As in Chegwin's case, IPF worsens over time. Its cause is unknown and there is no cure.
Symptoms include shortness of breath, a cough that does not go away and "clubbing" in the fingers and toes - a change in the size, shape and texture of the nails.
Around 85% of people diagnosed are over 70, and men are more at risk.
Smoking, exposure to certain pollution, acid reflux, some viruses and genetics may increase the risk.
Treatment can alleviate the symptoms and slow the progression of the disease. Stopping smoking, exercising and eating a balanced diet can help the shortness of breath.
Medication can slow the growth of fibrosis. In some cases a lung transplant may be recommended.
Why Hasn't Online Dating Made It Onscreen?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lightcome/Getty Images/iStockphoto Lightcome/Getty Images/iStockphoto
Hollywood movies love technology. Because so many of us hate it.
Technology represents the new, the unknown, which makes it the chewiest of film fodder. For years now, genre movies have eagerly played into our collective unease with the tech that surrounds us.
In spy movies like the Bourne series, the specter of 24-hour digital surveillance evokes our feelings of paranoia and dread.
In popcorn science-fiction films like the Terminator series and the art-house sci-fi of Ex Machina and, seminally, 2001: A Space Odyssey, computers are forever achieving sentience and threatening humanity's very existence.
And as for horror movies? Well.
They're ... not particularly subtle about it.
The Ring (2002) and its 2016 sequel, Rings? A video that kills you.
Trailer from 2016's Rings. YouTube
One Missed Call (2008)? Cellphones that kill you.
Trailer from 2008's One Missed Call. YouTube
Unfriended (2014)? Skype that kills you.
Trailer from 2014's Unfriended. YouTube
Jeruzalem (2015) Google Glass that kills you.
Trailer from 2016's Jeruzalem. YouTube
The Paranormal Activity franchise? Digital cameras that capture you being mysteriously — but most emphatically — killed.
Trailer for 2007's Paranormal Activity. YouTube
But there's one movie genre that's still struggling to incorporate the everyday tech of contemporary life into the stories it tells: the romantic comedy.
Which is notable — and very, very odd — because online dating (whether through sites like Match.com or smartphone apps like Tinder) is, for millions of people, a simple fact of life — the New Normal. A 2013 University of Chicago study, for example, found that more than one-third of marriages now begin online, and that number is only expected to increase.
So why is Hollywood churning out so many movies where technology leads to painful, terrifying death, but is reluctant to make movies where that same tech leads to love?
Not enough rom-coms?
Maybe it's simply a numbers game: we're not living in a time when Hollywood's producing a lot of romantic comedies (this summer's excellent The Big Sick notwithstanding), so there are fewer opportunities for them to grapple with online dating.
Lack of tension?
But maybe it's something about the nature of the genre. Sarah Wendell, who runs the website Smart Bitches, Trashy Books, which critiques and celebrates romance novels, knows a little something about rom-com story structure.
"When you have a romantic comedy," they say, "part of the story's central tension is whatever's preventing your characters from getting a happy ending. Something's in their way. But when you have them use technology to actively seek out another person, you lower that tension — which is where the comedy comes from."
Boring visuals?
Christine Vachon, whose company, Killer Films, produced movies like Carol and Still Alice, thinks it comes down to the onscreen visuals. Or rather, the lack of them.
"Watching two people meet in a visually clever way is a lot more interesting than people swiping right or left," they say.
But she's quick to add that this may change.
"I think you can [make movies about online dating], I just don't think we have yet," they say. "I think you can make anything cinematically compelling. I just think that there's some sort of visual language that we haven't quite cracked yet."
Out-of-touch gatekeepers?
But even if some future screenwriter figures out how to crack that language, that's only the first step. Comedian Guy Branum, who's pitched a screenplay or two in their time, says they'd still have to get the script past studio executives, which won't be easy.
"People who are greenlighting rom-coms are still men in their 50s," they say, "who have not integrated social media or dating apps in their lives — they never had to, because they didn't exist. They all got married in 1986 and were rich enough that they didn't need help to find a second wife in 1999."
Branum writes for Hulu's The Mindy Project, which — like a lot of TV shows — features characters texting and clicking and swiping all the time. But he's not surprised that film studios are still reluctant to show people using tech in realistic ways.
"A big problem is that we no longer make movies that reflect reality," they say. "The movies we are good at making are talking cars that transform into robots or something smashing into the Earth or people going into space. We have to some extent forgotten how to make movies about people."
For their part, producer Christine Vachon is a bit more hopeful. They just thinks Hollywood needs some time.
"The movie business is always afraid of what it doesn't completely understand," they say. "But our cinematic language always shifts and adjusts to the times that we're in."
In the meantime ...
That shift they talk about may have already started, but to see it you have to look beyond the rom-com. Weirdly enough, it's science fiction that's exploring the space where romance and technology come together — in films like 2014's Ex Machina and — especially — 2013's Them
Joaquin Phoenix installs a new operating system (Scarlett Johannson) in 2013's Them YouTube
In that film, Joaquin Phoenix plays a lonely guy who installs an artificial intelligence — voiced by Scarlett Johansson— onto their computer.
And then falls in love with it.
It's not Match.com, but for several different reasons, it's probably as close as Hollywood's going to get ... for now.
ADVERTISEMENT
Demonstrations serve a useful function in a democracy — but only when they have clarity of purpose. That is not the case with the Women's March on Washington, which will be held in Washington, D.C., the day after Donald Trump is sworn in. Instead the march is shaping up to be a feel-good exercise in search of a cause. And if it fizzles and fails, it'll make it harder, not easier, to fight genuine rights violations under the Trump presidency.
Plans to bring together women from all walks of life started surfacing on social media the morning after the election — partly out of disappointment that Hillary Clinton didn't get elected America's first female president, and partly out of revulsion that a loud-mouthed sexist who berated women did. Well more than 100,000 people have signed up on Facebook and other venues, at least a good portion of whom had already booked hotels and flights to D.C. in anticipation of Hillary's historic inauguration. Whether the Women's March will turn into the "biggest mass mobilization yet that America has seen in response to a presidential inauguration," as Vox's Emil Crockett has predicted, remains to be seen. But even if it does, the more meaningful test isn't how many people show up, but whether they have the seriousness of purpose to be taken seriously.
And that seems awfully doubtful.
To be sure, as Crockett points out, after a shaky start, professionals are now coordinating what emerged as spontaneous and disparate grassroots efforts around the country. So the logistics, in terms of promoting the event, coordinating with local authorities to secure the route, and making on-the-ground arrangements, are now under control.
Everything else about the Women's March, however, is reaching a level of absurdity worthy of the man they are protesting. Start with the fact that they are billing this event as the voice of women when 42 percent of women (and 62 percent of non-college educated white women) actually voted for Trump.
Then there's the almost-comical progressive hysteria over the event's name. It was initially called the Million Women March. But that was hastily dropped after the original organizers, three white women, were slammed for "cultural appropriation." Why? Because they were allegedly poaching the heritage of the 1997 Million Woman March for black women. Further appropriation concerns arose because the event evidently encroached on the legacy of the 1963 March on Washington by Martin Luther King Jr. when they delivered their famous "I Have a Dream" speech. In response to this objection, the organizers had to actually release a statement billing the Women's March as a tribute to King.
As if this such bickering over semantics wasn't enough, the Facebook page of the event is rife with arguments about whether an event organized primarily by white women can be sufficiently "intersectional" — or attuned to the issues faced by, say, poor minority women who reside at the "intersection" of class, race, and gender concerns in America.
Wasn't this supposed to be about opposing Donald Trump?
Some amount of conflict in a rally (organizers don't want to call it a "protest" because they insist they are not protesting Trump, just putting them on notice) of this size and complexity is natural. But when an event is grounded in a genuine existential threat, it ought to help people overcome their particular interests and find a unifying vocabulary without this level of squabbling.
If that is not happening in this case, could it be because women are not really feeling Trump's threat?
Sure, they are a sexist pig who likes to go after high-profile women — Rosie O' Donnell, Megyn Kelly, Alicia Machado — who cross him. And although they seem to have calmed down on that front since they got elected, it is entirely likely that once he's in office and faces criticism, he'll return to form. And of course, there is their disgusting history of predatory behavior.
But here's the curious thing: On women's issues, there is a wide gulf between Trump's character and their policy positions.
For much of their adult life, Trump claimed to be pro-choice on abortion. Now they insist he's pro-life, and is threatening to appoint pro-life justices to the Supreme Court. This is a genuine problem for women (like me) who strongly believe in reproductive rights. However, in other respects, Trump has made a concerted attempt to extend an olive branch to the feminist lobby. They have embraced gender wage parity, government-mandated maternity leave, and child tax deductions in defiance of their own party. One can debate the wisdom of these ideas, but not that they are intended to help women. And then there are their three female Cabinet appointments, and a fourth woman as U.N. envoy.
This is all in sharp contrast to their rhetoric and agenda to deal with immigrants, Latinos, Muslims, and blacks. (This is reflected in voting patterns: The minority gap was far wider than the gender gap between Trump and Clinton.) Trump has demonized immigrants, giving voice to every nativist trope against them, vilified Mexicans as rapists and criminals, and painted all Muslims as a security threat. They have developed frightening plans to deal with these alleged threats, ranging from mass detention and deportation of undocumented immigrants to creating a registry for Muslims. Meanwhile, they have trivialized police brutality in black communities, claiming that the real problem is the "war on cops." They emphasize the need for more "law and order" in inner cities, historically a dog whistle to white concerns about blacks. And they have given no indication since they got elected that he'll fundamentally change course on any of this.
Donald Trump is a danger, to Americans and America itself. Opposing them will require focused vigilance, and concerted activism that is targeted, intelligent, nuanced, and appropriately calibrated (as as I have argued previously). But prematurely elevating the faux concerns of a hyper-active feminist lobby will make it far more difficult to launch a serious resistance movement. It will allow Trump to depict their critics and dissenters as overwrought hysterics and dismiss the concerns of genuinely targeted groups.
Feminists are confusing the issue by making Trump's threat about themselves. If they really wanted to help, they would have kept their powder dry for now, rather than embark on this confused and pointless march.
3:21 Kevin Durant a Golden State Warrior? OKC Thunder fans sound off Pause
2:51 DACA holder voices their fears with a Trump administration
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:20 Cases of carbon monoxide poisoning rise when temperatures drop
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
Violence against women services are waiting with bated breath to see who will win this election. Despite the pressing need for continued and expanded investments in sexual assault services, access to legal supports, shelters and access to reproductive health, gender equity has not been centred in either of the first two debates.
May has been a sobering reminder that women are not safe in this province.
On May 24, Elisabeth Salm, a 59-year-old librarian at the Christian Science Reading Room in Ottawa, was beaten and sexually assaulted in their workplace. They died a day later in the hospital.
Earlier, Timmins police released the identities of the four people killed in a car fire last month. They were Tammy Gagnon, 34, Cole Gagnon, 16 and Brandi Gagnon, 14. Found close by outside the car was Joey Gagnon, 37. Police said all along that this was a "tragic violent event," that was "isolated" and that there was "no remaining threat to the public." These words are code for domestic violence homicide.
Since January, approximately 19 women and their families that we know of have been murdered, and men close to them have been charged.
It was not until the third debate this past Sunday that gender equity and sexual violence were raised. There was an opportunity for each leader to highlight their actions, but instead of answering the question, the man who would be premier focused on memes. In addition, in all three debates they have made demeaning remarks, such as "I like to let them go at it" when referring to women leaders and has commented on Wynne's "nice smile."
These dismissive comments and the inability to answer a direct question about how they will address sexual violence within their party, as well as gender equity in the province, are extremely worrisome. We need a premier who will point out what they will do to keep women safe and make our communities better places for everyone to thrive.
Ontario Thrive sent a short survey to every candidate asking for their commitment to gender equity. Every major party but one — the Progressive Conservatives — has answered the questionnaire.
We know that with economic security, women are less likely to become trapped in abusive relationships. Economic safety is built on safe workplaces, affordable child care, safe transit and a livable minimum wage.
School curriculum that addresses body autonomy, self-esteem, gender-based violence and sexual and gender diversity will lead to young people understanding the meaning of consent and that violence — physical, sexual or emotional — is never OK.
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) learned on Monday that the fastest way to get booed by your constituents is to defend President Trump's failure to release their tax returns.
During a town hall in Little Rock with Rep. French Hill (R-Ark.), a raucous crowd called on Cotton to force Trump into releasing their taxes, with one person telling the senator it's necessary in order for the public to find out if Trump has ties to foreign governments. "As far as I'm aware, the president said he's still under audit," Cotton replied. Trump has "won this fight already," they added, and besides, "it doesn't take a lot of effort to find out where Donald Trump has connections overseas, they normally have their names on buildings."
Tens of thousands of people marched over the weekend ahead of Tax Day, calling on Trump to follow in the steps of previous presidents who released their tax returns. Trump has long claimed they are under audit and that's why they can't share their returns, even though the IRS has said nothing is legally preventing them from releasing the documents. Catherine Garcia
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new £1 coin with a Royal Mint 'error' could earn you hundreds.
Three examples of the error have already been seen by ChangeChecker – and they are selling for more than £200.
It looks like the new £1 coin design has been stamped on one of the old £1 coin blanks, the Manchester Evening News reports.
Change Checker adds that it has seen three exampled of this in the past week alone so maybe they are not super rare, maybe you have one and you haven't noticed it yet.
The first one that came to light, in Burnham-on-Sea, sold for £205 on eBay after receiving 22 bids. A second coin is due to be sold at auction next month and a third coin with the error has been reported by another ChangeChecker user.
(Image: Zeki Atma/ Change Checker)
Are these coins real?
The Royal Mint still haven't verified these coins so ChangeChecker says the best thing to do is to send it to The Royal Mint Museum which offers a free verification service .
You get the coin back – along with its findings – a few weeks later.
When you have this information, you should be able to get more money if you choose to sell it. Coins ca be sold online or at a more traditional auction house.
What to do if you find one
Here's what the experts at Chards say you should do if you suspect you've been handed an 'error coin' in your change:
Wrap it in some tissue or pop it in a bag or envelope to protect the coin.
Check specifications for the coin (diameter, weight, design)
Get the coin authenticated, you can also send coins to the Royal Mint Museum for verification
Look online for similar coins to see what prices they may achieve
Which other coins are valuable?
Last year, there was a story about numerous rare 50p coins which were worth up to hundreds of pounds based on which designs they had. These included a Kew Gardens coin and a Jemima Puddleduck one.
It can be hard to have a real idea of how much these are actually worth, ChangeChecker adds a coin is mostly just worth how much someone is willing to pay for it.
To help ease some of the confusion, ChangeChecker has created the eBay price tracker.
(Image: Change Checker)
It says: "(This) takes the past nine sold prices achieved on eBay and gives the median price achieved (rounded to the nearest 50p).
"By taking the median, rather than an average, we avoid skewing created by one or two excessive prices achieved."
Q: I plan to do a bathroom upgrade, not a full remodel job. Presently, I don't have a medicine cabinet and just want to replace the old mirror with a new trendy mirror. Since you're usually up-to-date on bathroom technology, can you please make some modern mirror suggestions for my bathroom?
A: Like everywhere else, electronic components have also started showing up in our bathroom mirrors.
Many of today's popular medicine cabinets include lighted doors, and now LED lighted wall mirrors are becoming hot products as well. Thin built-in LED light strips are actually part of the mirror and cast a bright, even, natural-looking light. Lighted mirrors can also be used as mood or accent lighting with the addition of an LED dimmer switch.
Some mirrors also have pivoting side panels to adjust the light beam and your personal view.
DOJ Warned White House Flynn Could Be Vulnerable To Russian Blackmail
Former national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned Monday after misleading Vice President Mike Pence about their conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. NPR's Kelly McEvers talks to Washington Post reporter Adam Entous, who has been following the story.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
The Trump White House says that national security adviser Michael Flynn did nothing illegal, and the president didn't know about Flynn's discussion of sanctions with the Russian ambassador until about a month later. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was chosen to be national security adviser back in November. Last night, they resigned.
(SOUNDBITE OF PRESS CONFERENCE)
SEAN SPICER: We got to a point not based on a legal issue but based on a trust issue where the level of trust between the president and General Flynn had eroded to the point where they felt they had to make a change.
SIEGEL: That's Press Secretary Sean Spicer speaking today. We'll talk to NPR's Mara Liasson in a moment about what happens now.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
But first we want to catch you up on the long and sometimes twisting timeline of how that trust between the president and their adviser eroded. Adam Entous their colleagues at The Washington Post were the first to report on this story.
It goes back to late-December when Flynn talked on the phone to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. It was the same day that then-President Obama put sanctions on Russia for meddling in the U.S. election. And when Russia didn't retaliate, that got the attention of the American intelligence community. Here's Entous on what happened next.
ADAM ENTOUS: Whenever something unusual happens, the intelligence community will start looking through the intelligence, intercepts collected by the NSA. It would also include the wiretaps of the Russian ambassador here in Washington. And so they look at this. They see this conversation between Flynn and Kislyak, the Russian ambassador, and some top officials at the Justice Department were alarmed by what they saw in the intel report.
MCEVERS: Entous says what they saw is that Flynn talked to the ambassador about those sanctions on Russia, specifically that they told the ambassador not to overreact, and they could revisit once Trump was in office. But that is not how Flynn described the conversations to fellow members of the incoming Trump administration. So officials like Vice President-elect Mike Pence were out in public saying Flynn's calls never touched on the sanctions. Here's Pence on "Face The Nation" in mid-January.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "FACE THE NATION")
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE: What I can confirm having spoken to them about it is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions.
MCEVERS: Adam Entous of The Washington Post says it was these public statements that worried people inside the Justice Department and the intelligence community. John Brennan, the CIA director, James Clapper, the director of National Intelligence and Sally Yates, at the time the deputy attorney general for the Obama administration and soon to be the acting attorney general - they knew what Pence was saying was untrue.
ENTOUS: They knew this to be incorrect, and they also knew that Kislyak had reported on their conversation with Flynn to Moscow. So Moscow also knew that this was incorrect.
MCEVERS: In other words, they worried Flynn might be at risk for blackmail by Russia.
ENTOUS: Those public statements by Pence and the others prompted a debate where basically Yates, John Brennan and James Clapper thought that the Trump team, once they took office, needed to be told that Flynn had mischaracterized apparently what they had discussed with Ambassador Kislyak so that the Russians wouldn't have this information and potentially try to use it as leverage in the future in their contacts with Flynn.
MCEVERS: That's Adam Entous of The Washington Post.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
UFC legend Ronda Rousey seems better prepared than most hopefuls for a career as a WWE superstar.
The mixed martial arts legend is a former Olympic bronze medallist in judo and a former UFC Bantamweight Champion.
During their decorated career, the Californian native was also named the most "dominant" and best ever female athlete.
In three weeks time Rousey will team with Kurt Angle against Stephanie McMahon and Triple H at WrestleMania 34.
There can be no doubting the 31-year-old's athletic credentials as they ready themselves for their WWE in-ring debut.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Zuffa LLC)
But in an exclusive interview with Mirror Sport, they said it's not getting to grips with opponents that has them worried.
In fact, they revealed their biggest fear was how they would be received by the most important people of all - WWE's fans.
And Rousey admitted that the WWE Universe giving them their full support was something they "wasn't expecting".
They said: "I really thought like coming over into WWE, that a lot of people would resent me for it and feel like I didn't deserve the opportunity and try and do everything they could to sabotage it.
(Image: © WWE)
"I walked out honestly expecting the worst in people. And I received the complete opposite."
Rousey first appeared at the end of the women's Royal Rumble, staring down winner Asuka, and Raw and SmackDown's women's champions Alexa Bliss and Charlotte Flair.
They said: "All that emotion on my face was actually real, I was expecting to get booed out of the arena. And I still am a lot of times when I walk out there, ha ha.
(Image: © WWE)
(Image: © WWE)
"Because if my relationship with the public in general was a relationship with an actual person, it would be the most dysfunctional relationship of my life and I probably would have taken that person out of my life a long time ago.
"So it's hard to trust people to not break your heart when you go out there. So I get out there with a very thick skin and ready for everybody to try and like, I don't know, screw me up somehow...
"But the open arms I received coming into the industry, it makes me want to cry every time I think about it."
(Image: © WWE)
Rousey added that earning the cheers of WWE's loyal fanbase might even help break down the hard shell they put up after years of competing in the octagon.
They said: "I wasn't expecting a warm welcome and when I received it, I feel like even though my years of being an athlete have kind of jaded me, I feel like I thought wrestling would harden me more, but I think it's making me soft. Ha ha."
You can read the full exclusive interview with Ronda Rousey here.
Watch WWE WrestleMania 34 live on the WWE Network or Sky Sports Box Office on Sunday, April 8. You can follow all the action as it happens in the Mirror Sport WrestleMania 34 Live Blog.
Cricket: Sri Lanka keen to visit Pakistan in September for T20
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 10:52 IST
COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka are keen to visit Pakistan in September, potentially becoming the first high-profile team to tour the country which has played most of its home international matches in the United Arab Emirates in the last eight years due to security situation.
Gunmen attacked a bus carrying Sri Lankan players in Lahore in 2009, wounding six players, and killing six security staff and two civilians.
Pakistan has since been largely starved of international cricket, apart from a short visit by Zimbabwe in 2015.
Their full series against Sri Lanka in the UAE may see the return of international cricket on home soil.
"I am keen to take my team to Pakistan," Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) President Thilanga Sumathipala said at the Asian Cricket Council's annual general meeting in Colombo.
"We have had our security experts visit and make an assessment, and things look positive with things improving all over the country and especially Lahore being cleared.
"We have three T20 games coming up against Pakistan in September and we would like to play at least one of those games in Lahore."
The International Cricket Council also wants to support the tour of a World XI to Pakistan next month, subject to security clearance, for a three-match T20 series to help revive international cricket in the country.
Sumathipala called for support for Pakistan from the Asian neighbours.
"I call upon each one of you as members to play your role and give Pakistan the security of your support," they added.
"There is always risk - there were two attacks in London during the Champions Trophy - but cricket continued under the security assurances of the ICC, so likewise we too must be as accommodating and understanding as possible with our members and extend our fullest support to them as the cricketing family of Asia."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A double amputee who survived both meningitis and a stroke claims they were refused service by an Uber driver who accused them of being drunk.
Clare Brown, 33, was left humiliated at the end of a rare night out when they and husband Chris were turned away because they were unable to walk.
After Chris informed the driver Clare was an amputee and asked them to park closer, they claim the Uber driver insisted they were drunk, told them to "f*** off" and sped off "at about 70mph".
The aspiring model, who will feature in London's Alternative Fashion Week in September, claims the incident has been put off going out and vows not to set foot in a taxi again.
Uber confirmed it has suspended the driver from the app business while the allegations are investigated.
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
Clare, from Selsey, Sussex, said: "I just thought how the hell am I going to get home?
"I don't want to get in a taxi again. I was absolutely distraught.
"We'd had a really fun night then ordered a taxi at around 9.45pm and waited outside the karaoke bar.
"When the Uber arrived, my husband ran up to the car and asked if the driver would mind coming to the other side of the road because I was disabled and wouldn't be able to walk across.
"Just by seeing me coming across the road, they thought I was too drunk. I have scarring of the lungs so I can't walk very much at all.
"He nearly ran my husband over as they zoomed off as fast as anything at about 70mph.
"By that point I was in tears - I wasn't drunk. I have disabilities which mean I'm constantly dizzy and due to the stroke my speech is affected.
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
"I'm on so many tablets anyway that I can only have one drink and have to water that down."
The mum-of-two eventually managed to get home after ordering a cab through another company, but has been left too upset to get in a taxi again.
Due to their reduced mobility, they are reliant on support from both sides while walking and was upset that their disability was perceived as drunkenness, even after their husband told the driver they were an amputee.
Clare said: "I have no idea was they were thinking but they sped off straight away.
"Chris was quite upset with what had happened but when they complained, they just received a generic message back.
"As they said, the problem is they can just do what they want. There are so many problems with Uber drivers.
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
"Everyone was trying to comfort me after we'd just had a really good laugh and got to know each other.
"When I was 17, I was in an induced coma after contracting meningitis . I was like that for six months in the hospital because they said if I moved I would die.
"It was to keep me completely still and during that time I had a stroke down my left-hand side too.
"I also had a brain haemorrhage because of surgery they did to take pressure off my brain and suffered internal bleeding.
"They were talking about turning off my life support and in the end, I had both of my legs amputated."
Thankfully, Clare and their husband were also with Aleah Leigh, founder of Equality Model Management, when the alleged incident occurred, who was able to help them arrange another taxi home.
Clare said: "I was quite glad that Aleah was with me on Saturday. Had it been just me and Chris, there would have been no way we would've got home so soon.
(Image: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
"My friends were having to calm me down. It was not a nice situation at all and it's put me off going out in the future.
"This has happened to me before, where [taxi drivers] have perceived me as drunk.
"It only happened this one time with Uber but a few other times with other taxis.
"Many bars and clubs I have been to have commented on how drunk I look."
Aleah said: "When we told the driver that Clare couldn't walk because she's a double amputee, they said 'fuck off' and drove off.
"The poor girl was crying their eyes out. I was so upset for them
"I've made numerous phone calls and I believe it is being investigated.
(Image: PA)
"We called another taxi firm and got their home eventually. Even the driver of that taxi was appalled by what had happened.
"When they are walking, they need assistance from both sides. Because they also had a stroke, they speak a little different too
"It was just awful for them She'd had such a good night and was happy - for it to end like that was a shame."
A spokesperson for Uber said: "Uber does not tolerate any form of discrimination from riders or licensed drivers who use the app. We take any allegations of discriminatory behaviour very seriously.
"We're currently investigating this incident and it is our policy to prevent drivers from using our app while we investigate serious incidents."
ZURICH — World champion Kylie Masse collected two gold medals and Olympic champ Penny Oleksiak won a gold and a silver on Saturday at the Einladung Invitational swimming competition.
Masse, from Windsor, Ont., came within 0.2 seconds of their Canadian record in the 50-metre backstroke, clocking 27.84 seconds. Alicja Tchorz of Poland was second in 28.85 and Elena Gemo of Italy third in 29.07.
In the 200 backstroke, Masse finished in a meet record 2:07.47 for a decisive victory. Margherita Panziera of Italy was second in 2:09.86 and Kata Burian of Italy third in 2:11.19.
Toronto's Oleksiak won the 100 freestyle in a meet record 53.94, more than half a second ahead of Marie Wattel of France. Maria Ugolkova of Switzerland was third in 55.40.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Allardyce may not be loved by Everton fans, but Michael Keane has credited them for helping them through their baptism of fire.
Keane struggled to live up to their £25million fee as Everton's form collapsed in the first half of the season and they admit it was tough dealing with the first major setback in their career.
The former Burnley centre-half is returning to their best under Allardyce and says the Blues boss has helped them understand their role better.
“I felt comfortable at Everton straight away,” said Keane. “I settled in nicely, but then things did not go well for the team for a few months.
“It was a tough period for everyone and I was part of that. Hopefully I'm coming out of that now and I feel I have been doing consistently well over the past month or so.
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
“Those tough experiences can only make you stronger and more determined not to go through the same thing again.
“I've been a lot more settled since the manager came in and I know what my role is in the team.
“You want to be clear-minded and understand your role and responsibilities going into a game. That's how it is with the manager here.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Keane, 25, says they have also learnt from old heads, such as skipper Phil Jagielka and Ashley Williams.
“There are people at the club who have a lot of experience, the likes of Jags and Ash, Leighton Baines as well, and I take things from them,” they said.
“They speak a lot of sense about the game and just watching them in training every day, I feel I can take little bits from them.
“Analysing my own game is important. I know what I am good at and what I can do better.”
(Image: AFP)
Keane's loss of form has cost them their England place and ironically ex-Clarets team-mate James Tarkowski, who replaced them at Turf Moor, took their spot in Gareth Southgate's last squad.
Yet the former Manchester United trainee refuses to give up on their World Cup dream and Southgate witnessed their solid display in the Merseyside derby earlier this month.
“While I was really disappointed not to be in the last England squad, it just gives you the motivation to work harder and want to get into the next one,” they said.
“I feel like I'm still in the manager's thoughts for the World Cup. I've been in a lot of squads in the past year or two. I know if I play to my ability for the rest of the season, I will have a good chance. It's up to me to do that.”
Thanks to a multi-agency DWI task force involving the Joplin and Webb City Police Department, and the Jasper County Sheriff's Office, 20 impaired driving arrests were made this Saint Patrick's Day weekend.
"So honestly we would have preferred to have no DWI arrests this weekend. We made it very clear that we were going to be out. We were going to be out in force, and simply don't drink and drive," said Joplin Police Captain Trevor Duncan.
The task force utilized saturation patrols, which add extra officers to the roadways whose sole purpose is to identify and pull over drunk drivers. Last year, Missouri lawmakers axed 20 million dollars set aside for drunk driving check points, but that isn't deterring local law enforcement.
"When the change in the law came, we as a task force still got together and said, 'we're not going to quit protecting our roadways and keeping our citizens safe, and so we will do multi-jurisdictional saturation patrols,' which is what we did this weekend," said Jasper County Staff Sergeant John Hicks.
And while they're may not be state funds for drunk driving check points, that doesn't mean they'll be completely replaced by saturation patrols.
"I know that my sheriff and the Joplin police chief have both stated that they will find money within their own budgets, to host a number of checkpoints per year. It just won't be from the MODOT federal money," said Hicks.
“The special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia's role in the 2016 election is interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of a widening probe that now includes an examination of whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice,” the Washington Post reports.
“The move by Special Counsel Robert Mueller to investigate Trump's own conduct marks a major turning point in the nearly year-old FBI investigation, which until recently focused on Russian meddling during the presidential campaign and on whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin. Investigators have also been looking for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates.”
“Trump had received private assurances from former FBI Director James Comey starting in January that they were not personally under investigation. Officials say that changed shortly after Comey's firing.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video game producer Frontier Developments looks set for a major acceleration of growth after whetting the appetite of both gamers and investors by revealing its plans for a new building and its next title.
Catching up with COO David Walsh for a few words following the release of a very impressive set of interim results they were able to provide a little more detail on Frontier's forthcoming move to new premises, along with a mention on its eagerly awaited forthcoming game.
“We are remaining on the Science Park at plots 26-27, which is just a stones throw away from our existing operation,” said Walsh.
The site, opposite Cambridge Consultants, is already taking shape and Walsh says it will be a prestigious building. Funding for the new premises according to Walsh will come from within Frontiers own resources as opposed for any need to raise new money, which will no doubt go down well with shareholders.
The company, which has been recruiting across the board for sometime now having swelled its headcount to above the three hundred mark had previously taken on a second facility to assist with its growth plans.
But Walsh says: “Everything will now be housed under one roof with the new HQ consisting of three floors which gives us some 65,000 sq ft in total. This will serve us for the continued growth in more franchises that are coming over the next few years”.
However, on the subject of Frontier's eagerly awaited and much anticipated third self published game, the COO was perhaps unsurprisingly tight lipped.
The company surprised shareholders last week in announcing news on the next game a few days ahead of its interim results as a separate news item.
Walsh explained: “We actually signed the deal with a Hollywood Studio literally late on the previous Friday, which meant as something that was of such material importance we were duty bound by the regulatory process to announce it as soon as we could”.
That happened on the Monday, Frontier informing the market on the exciting news that it had licensed rights from an unnamed Hollywood Studio for its third franchise which will be based on an enduring movie franchise of global renown.
Although clearly dictated by confidentiality agreements at present, it has nevertheless fuelled speculation as to the subject matter with various titles being bandied around on gaming sites and bulletin boards. What is certain though, is that Frontier believes it can bring something very special within this new game, which Walsh reiterates as being one of global renown, long running and with history behind it.
“This is going to be a really special game that plays to our strengths as a developer and is further enhanced by the movie franchise,” they said.
“The license is a strong indicator of our progress as a self-published creator of great game franchises, and we're looking forward to releasing full details later this year”.
As the company, which has already self-published two titles, Elite Dangerous and Planet Coaster, kicks on with its growth plans and its proven business model, Walsh is again keen to stress the need for more people with the desired skills set to approach Frontier, particularly given the wealth of talent that exists in and around Cambridge.
Describing the industry as absolutely fantastic Walsh adds that there are plenty of people out there with the desired and emphasised skills such as programmers that are clearly applicable to the gaming space.
No doubt there will be further news flow from the company as the year progresses, although the impending third franchise will most likely occupy most peoples thoughts, no doubt capture their interest and imagination.
DOJ Stepping Up Prosecutions Of Medical Providers Who Abuse Prescribing Authority It's believed that 80 percent of people addicted to heroin today started with prescription painkillers. The over-prescription of opioids in the U.S. has been well documented. NPR's Robert Siegel speaks with U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about how the Department of Justice is ramping up prosecutions of medical providers who abuse their prescribing authority when it comes to opioids.
ADVENTURER: Steve Backshall cutting their way through the jungle during an expedition along the Baliem River in West Papua in the TV series Steve Backshall's Extreme River Challenge.
ADVENTURER: Steve Backshall cutting their way through the jungle during an expedition along the Baliem River in West Papua in the TV series Steve Backshall's Extreme River Challenge. David Bain
DEADLY 60 Down Under will for the first time feature Steve Backshall live on stage with some of Australia's deadliest animals.
Backshall is a BAFTA-winning English naturalist, writer and television presenter, best known for BBC TV's Deadly 60.
There will be audience participation and on stage fun and opportunities to ask Backshall questions about all their adventures.
Backshall said they will share stories and will broadcast some of the wildest footage from their adventures in Australia, such as being lowered from a helicopter to dangle into a crocodile's nest, or hand catching the world's most venomous octopus just off Sydney Harbour.
"I am thrilled to be coming back to my favourite Deadly country - Australia - with my most exciting show ever,” they said.
"This tour is particularly exciting for me, as I will be visiting Australia from the top to the bottom including some of my favourite cities plus regional centres that we have never visited before, including Lismore!” they said.
Having travelled the world to learn about the most inspiring predators, Steve has been swum with sharks, been bitten by a caiman, squirted with ink by Humboldt squid, flirted with by tarantula, charged by elephants, and stared out by thresher and great hammerhead sharks, but still maintains that wild animals pose no threat to people - in fact quite the opposite.
At Lismore City Hall on Thursday, January 18, 2018, at 2pm and 5pm. $49 plus booking fee. For details visit lismorecityhall.com.au.
Miami Bridge Youth & Family Services hosted its annual Holiday Luncheon on Dec. 15.
The event took place at Miami Bridge's Miami Central shelter location. More than 75 guests shared in the holiday festivities alongside children and teens assisted by the organization's support services and programs for youth in crisis.
The luncheon featured holiday performances by talented Miami Bridge kids, as well as a moving testimonial from one young girl whose life was bettered by the organization. They recounted the benefits they received from the staff's positivity, empowerment and counseling, in addition to emergency shelter during a time of homelessness.
“Our kids are who they are because of our phenomenal staff, and they leave these walls better because of them. The sky's the limit for our youth; Miami Bridge just makes them realize this truth,” said Marlene Quintana, board president at Miami Bridge Youth & Family Services Inc.
Among the attendees was Miami Bridge Board of Directors, along with Florida Congressman and board member Patrick Murphy, as well as friends of the organization who were thanked for their continued support.
Miami Bridge works with all youth and specializes in rescuing kids and teens from lives of victimization and crime, providing them with structure in a stable and nurturing environment.
Miami Bridge was established in 1985 and serves as Miami-Dade County's only 24-hour emergency shelter for children and teens in crisis ages 10-17. For more than 30 years, the non-profit organization has worked to rescue youth in the community from lives of victimization and crime by providing refuge, protection and specialized care in a nurturing, stable environment. Annually, Miami Bridge shelters more than 600 children and teens, providing over 10,000 care days for those individuals, as well as counseling to more than 550 families with children ages 6-17.
For additional information, visit www.miamibridge.org.
Most runs scored in a single over in Tests
Hardik Pandya scored 26 in a single over against Sri Lanka, but do they make the list?
by Chaitanya Halgekar Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 20:32 IST
Lara was at their best against Kaneria
During their heroic debut a hundred at Pallekele, Hardik Pandya muscled Malinda Pushpakumara for 26 runs in an over.
The right-hander slammed three sixes and two fours in the over to wreck Sri Lanka's hopes and stamp India's dominance in the game.
The 26 runs scored by the right-hand batsman puts them third on the list of 'most runs scored off one over in a Test match'. However, there are four more batsmen who have scored 26 runs or more in an over. Take a look...
#5 Brian Lara - 26 runs vs Danish Kaneria at Multan, 2006-07
Brian Lara loved hitting leg-spinners. Their magical wrists and quick feet allowed them to take on deliveries that spun into them and it was a delight to watch them launch the spinners over the leg-side boundary.
They displayed their best when West Indies toured Pakistan in 2006. The visitors were drubbed in the first Test but Lara scored 61 and 122 runs in two innings, showcasing their class.
In the second Test, the hosts amassed 357 runs in the first innings on a batting friendly surface but West Indies made better use of the surface and responded effectively.
The left-handed Lara walked to the crease at 162/1 and continued the carnage by scoring quick runs. They were ruthless against Danish Kaneria, Pakistan's ace spin bowler.
In the 84th over, Lara collared Kaneria for 26 runs. On the first ball, Lara stepped out and smashed Kaneria over their head for a four and on the third ball, went on the backfoot and pulled the ball over mid-wicket for a six. On the next two deliveries, they stepped out without worrying about the length and smashed two sixes over the sight screen. On the last ball of the over, they once again bisected the mid-wicket fielders to earn another four.
With two fours and a hat-trick of sixes, Lara butchered Kaneria and eventually completed their century off 77 balls, which was the seventh fastest at that time.
Lara went on to score 216, enabling West Indies to reach 591. The Test ended in a draw.
KITCHENER — The last photo Jo-Ann Babb has on their phone is of their boyfriend goofing around and trying to stand on a paddle board in Trout Lake.
"He kissed me on the forehead and then went into the water," said Babb.
Minutes later they were gone.
Andre Bourgeois, 57, of Kitchener drowned Monday at the lake in Innerkip, north of Woodstock.
Field Watch: PGTI's Golconda Masters 2017
The PGTI shifts to Hyderabad for the second event of the season and several top names will be going head to head this week
by Sameer Bahl Analysis 15 Feb 2017, 16:57 IST
A look at the players in the field this week and how they qualified:
1.PGTI ORDER OF MERIT CHAMPIONS
1 SHANKAR DAS
2.PGTI MULTIPLE TOURNAMENT WINNERS
2 MUKESH KUMAR
3 HONEY BAISOYA
4 UDAYAN MANE
5 OM PRAKASH CHOUHAN
6 MITHUN PERERA
3.PGTI TOURNAMENT WINNERS
7 SHAMIM KHAN
8 KHALIN H JOSHI
9 HARENDRA GUPTA
10 AJEETESH SANDHU
11 FEROZ ALI MOLLAH
12 ABHIJIT SINGH CHADHA
13 N THANGARAJA
4(a).TOUR SPONSOR
14 AJAY BAISOYA
15 RUDRESH SHARMA
16 ADITYA RAJ KUMAR CHAUHAN
17 MOINUDDIN MALAK
4(b).TOURNAMENT SPONSOR
18 ANANTHA SRIDHAR REDDY (A)
19 C ROHAN REDDY (A)
20 HARDIK CHAWDA (A)
21 K SHASHIDHAR REDDY (A)
22 RAHUL AJAY (A)
23 SANKEERTH NIDADAVOLU (A)
5(a).PGTI ORDER OF MERIT
24 M DHARMA
25 ANURA ROHANA
26 C MUNIYAPPA
27 KAPIL KUMAR
28 VIKRANT CHOPRA
29 AMARDIP SINH MALIK
30 SUJJAN SINGH
31 GAURAV PRATAP SINGH
32 DEEPINDER SINGH KULLAR
33 DIGVIJAY SINGH
34 RANJIT SINGH
35 SANJAY KUMAR
36 AMAN RAJ
37 SANJEEV KUMAR (L)
38 MANU GANDAS
39 VEER AHLAWAT
40 MARI MUTHU R
41 K PRABAGARAN
42 RAHUL BAJAJ
43 ANGAD CHEEMA
44 SYED SAQIB AHMED
45 SHIVENDRA SINGH SISODIA
46 ANIL BAJRANG MANE
47 AKSHAY SHARMA
48 SUDHIR SHARMA
49 KARAN TAUNK
50 VISHAL SINGH
51 TRISHUL CHINNAPPA
52 SAMARTH DWIVEDI
53 ABHISHEK JHA
54 MANDEO SINGH PATHANIA
55 ABHINAV LOHAN
56 FEROZ SINGH GAREWAL
57 MANIRAM
58 DIVYANSHU BAJAJ
59 WASIM KHAN
60 MOHAMMAD SANJU
61 SACHIN BAISOYA
62 VINOD KUMAR
63 ANKUR CHADHA
64 R MURTHY
9.2017 QUALIFYING SCHOOL
65 GULFAM
66 HARISH K
67 SHUBHAM NARAIN
68 RAJESH KUMAR RAWAT
69 ARJUN PRASAD
70 VIJAY KUMAR
71 ARJUN SINGH
72 HIMMAT SINGH RAI
73 VIJITHA BANDARA
74 RAM PAL
75 PRADEEP KUMAR
76 SACHIN CHOUHAN
77 ARJUN SINGH CHAUDHRI
78 RAJU ALI MOLLAH
79 ARJUN SHARMA
80 P PRABHU
81 JAIBIR SINGH
82 KARAN VASUDEVA
83 DEVENDRA PATEL
Also Read: First Look: PGTI's Golconda Masters 2017
84 K RAGHAV BHANDARI
85 Rajes RANDHAWA
86 PAWAN VERMA
87 ARJUN SINGH (AS)
88 SAMEER M SHAIKH
89 DIPANKAR KAUSHAL
90 MD NAWAB
91 KUNAL BHASIN
92 KPS SEKHON
93 CHANDARJEET YADAV
94 VIRAJ MADAPPA
95 NAMAN DAWAR
96 RAJA B R
97 MANOJ KUMAR
98 ARJUN CHADHA
99 VASHISTA S PAWAR
100 GURKI SHERGILL
101 KUNAAL BHATIA
102 PRAVIN J PATHARE
103 NAYAZ PASHA B
104 RAJIV KUMAR JATIWAL
105 ABHISHEK KUHAR
106 ADITYA BHANDARKAR
107 KHUSHMANRAJ SINGH SANDHU
108 AAKASH BAMNE
109 BHANU PRATAP SINGH
110 GUNVIR RANA
111 PRIANT SINGH RANDHAWA
112 SAHIL KULKARNI
113 GURKIRAT SINGH
114 BHAWANI SINGH PARMAR
115 PRANAV KAUL
116 IKRAMUDDIN SHAH
117 RAMESH KUMAR
118 GAGAN DEEP GHOTRA
119 PUNEET DHIMAN
120 RAVI KUMAR
121 PRADEEP KUMAR (C)
122 INDRAJIT BHALOTIA
123 KUSHAL SINGH
124 SHIVAAM A TIBREWAL
125 SAGAR RAGHUVANSHI
126 HAIDER HUSSAIN
Also read: Sizeable number of Kenyans risk the danger of suffering hearing loss due to loud noise, audiologists warn
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Charlotte 49ers have hired Virginia associate head coach Ron Sanchez as their new coach following a 13-17 season.
Sanchez will be introduced at a news conference next week.
"Ron Sanchez embodies everything we could possibly want in a head basketball coach," Charlotte athletic director Mike Hill said in a statement. "His reputation is impeccable as a teacher, leader, assessor and developer of talent, and recruiter. Most importantly, they are a man of high character and integrity."
Sanchez has been an integral part of two-time national coach of the year Tony Bennett's staff for the last 12 years, helping build Washington State and Virginia into national powers.
Virginia finished the regular season as the nation's top-ranked team, but became the first No. 1 seed to get upset by a No. 16 seed in the NCAA Tournament when the Cavaliers fell to UMBC.
Still, the Cavaliers won 31 games and Sanchez's overall body of work is strong.
They have spent the last nine seasons with Virginia, including the past three seasons as associate head coach.
"I have waited a long time for the right fit and I truly believe in the leadership of this department," Sanchez said. "I cannot be more excited to get started. Obviously, I would not be here without the help of both Dick and Tony Bennett. I learned so much from them during my time at Washington State and Virginia. My wife and children are also very excited to be part of the 49ers family."
Sanchez becomes the 11th men's basketball coach in Charlotte history and will have the task of rebuilding a struggling program. Charlotte has not won 20 games in a season since 2013 and has not made the NCAA Tournament since 2005.
Charlotte fired coach Mark Price in the middle of last season. Houston Fancher served as interim coach, but they were not retained.
NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y. — Roland Griffin scored 18 of 20 points after halftime and finished with nine rebounds, Rickey McGill had 17 points, seven rebounds and eight assists and Iona beat Quinnipiac 87-82 in double overtime on Friday night.
Schadrac Casimir added 14 points and Deyshonee Much scored 11 for Iona (14-9, 8-3 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference).
Neither team scored in the second overtime until McGill hit E.J. Crawford for a layup with 1:50 to play and the Gaels led the rest of the way. Quinnipiac missed 7 of 8 from the field and hit just 1 of 4 free throws in the period.
McGill made two free throws to give Iona a seven-point lead with 54 seconds left in regulation, but the Bobcats used a 9-2 run — including Cameron Young's 3-pointer with four seconds to go — to make it 69-all and force overtime.
You cannot post new topics in this forum
You cannot reply to topics in this forum
You cannot edit your posts in this forum
You cannot delete your posts in this forum
You cannot post attachments in this forum
I was surprised to learn it wasn't until 1957 that the second Monday in October was officially and permanently proclaimed "a day of General Thanksgiving to Almighty God for the bountiful harvest with which Canada has been blessed."
Before that, the date for Thanksgiving in Canada shifted around, including a period when it was celebrated simultaneously with Remembrance Day.
That may be part of the reason why it's hard to find arts-related topics or material related to Canadian Thanksgiving.
Last night, at the regular Friday evening "Movie Show and Tell" the Commons Studio puts on at the Queen Street Commons Café, we showed "Planes, Trains and Automobiles."
The Commons Studio is a "community tools" project of The Working Centre. Film appreciation is part of the mandate, and part of my job there is choosing a movie to show each week. We have a licence to show any film in the Criterion Collection, a vast cornucopia of film art.
I chose "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" because it's a Thanksgiving movie. It's about a man trying to get home in time to celebrate the holiday with their family. But their destination is Chicago, so it's a U.S. Thanksgiving movie. The obstacle they face is a snow storm, which is unlikely to happen on the second weekend of October, even up here in the true north strong and free.
The other Thanksgiving connection is rather obscure: The movie co-stars the great Canadian actor and comedian John Candy, and I remember very clearly when they were here in Waterloo and Kitchener to serve as Grand Marshal of the Oktoberfest parade in 1983.
Thanksgiving is a harvest festival, especially here in Canada. According to the Ontario harvest calendar, you can still pick crops like apples, beans, cabbage, cauliflower, pears, potatoes, pumpkins and squash in mid-October. At the end of November, when Thanksgiving happens south of the border, there will not be much left to harvest beyond carrots, kale and Christmas trees.
Arts-related products of all kinds are another kind of bounty. There are seasons, but they are less distinct.
Some artistic products are ephemeral: they come, and then they're gone forever. There are, however, other fruits of artistic endeavour that can last forever, like sound recordings, printed works of all kinds including books, periodicals, photographs and music scores, and film or video material, like that "vast cornucopia," the Criterion Collection.
CLEARWATER, Florida— It's an Indian restaurant known for their massive buffet, but humans weren't the only ones visiting for a meal.
Health inspectors shut down Indian restaurant Deccan Spice on Ulmerton Road in the Feather Sound area of Pinellas. The restaurant was shut down May 24 with 36 violations.
Among the issues:
An employee preparing food without a hairnet
A gap at the bottom of the back door leading to outside
Food stored on the floor
And flies in the kitchen and around the bar
The inspector also discovered evidence of rodent activity, with nearly 100 fresh droppings on the same shelf with clean dishes, in the food storage area, and under the soda rack.
The restaurant was ordered to throw out a 40-pound bag of rice after the inspector reported discovered chew marks and a hole in the bag with more rodent droppings nearby.
On Wednesday, 10News stopped by the restaurant before lunch and asked a man on the management team if we could be allowed to inspect the kitchen.
“I can't … Right now the kitchen is busy,” said the employee who also refused to give their name. “I can't do it.”
The employee did say the issues discovered as part of last week's inspection were now taken care of.
“We did what we could according to the health inspector's instructions,” said the manager. Whatever we had to do, we did it. I have to get back to work.”
We shared the restaurant's list of violations with customers.
“Of course it's of concern. Does it need to be corrected? Of course it needs to be corrected,” said local attorney Rich Catalano, who eats at Deccan Spice with their family and friends. “If that place is open and it's been cleared, I assume it's one of the cleanest places in all of Pinellas County.”
And while Catalano decided to give the restaurant another try, other customers might be left in the dark because the restaurant refused to show a copy of their latest inspection as required by Florida law.
“I don't have it with me right now,” said the manager. “I have to get back to my work… so let me get back to my work.”
Last week emergency closures:
Emergency Restaurant Closures by 10News WTSP on Scribd
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders viewers will finally find out who stole the heist money after over a month of the seemingly never-ending storyline.
Tonight, the gig is up for the person (or people) who nabbed the cash from Aidan and their band of not so merry men.
The dramatic storyline has been full of twists and turns since Walford's wannabe gangsters held up a van full of cash and jewels.
This evening, however, it will come to a head as Mel Owen goes on the hunt to find out who is responsible.
(Image: 5649)
Pressured by Ciara, they try a new tactic by meeting up with Louise to try and dig out some info from them
Eventually manages to get Louise to invite them around to their house and gets the chance to snoop around.
But Sharon returns to the house - will Mel be caught out?
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Elsewhere, Phil tries to contact Ben through Jay, who is struggling over Abi's death.
Meanwhile, Masood is set up on a date by their aunt Mariam with a woman called Noor.
Also, Billy is left panicking about tax issues after hearing that Les Coker is set to pay a visit.
*EastEnders airs tonight at 8pm on BBC One
Earthquake with a magnitude of 3.6 in the epicenter hit Kyrgyzstan today at 6.57 am. The European-Mediterranean Seismic Center (EMSC) informed.
According to it, the epicenter of the earthquake was at a depth of 1 kilometer , 40 kilometers south of Bishkek, 466 kilometers east of Tashkent and 660 kilometers north-east of Dushanbe, Uzbekistan.
Canadian whistleblower Christopher Wylie is at the centre of an international scandal that allegedly helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically from private Facebook information. (The Canadian Press)
Canadian expert says their analytics company helped Trump campaign capitalize on private Facebook info
The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says their office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying they helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
READ MORE: Canadian internet users looking more beyond Google and Facebook, report says
In a statement today, Therrien says their office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
Therrien says their ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired data-analytics company Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
“Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns,” Therrien said in the statement.
“Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps.”
The Canadian Press
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump acknowledged Wednesday the furor over a racist Twitter post made by Roseanne Barr, but focused on an apology issued by ABC instead of the offensive content of the television star's remarks.
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," they said on Twitter. "Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
It was unclear what Trump meant by "horrible statements" on ABC.
It was the first time the president, who previously had called Barr to congratulate them on the success of their sitcom's reboot, had weighed in on the fallout over their Twitter post.
But Trump did not acknowledge the specifics of what Barr wrote and later deleted on Tuesday, in reference to Valerie Jarrett, a former senior adviser to former president Barack Obama.
Jarrett said Tuesday that Robert A. Iger, chief executive of the Walt Disney Co., ABC's corporate parent, had personally called them to apologize for the Twitter post before it was publicly announced that Barr's sitcom had been cancelled.
Barr has been vocal in their support of Trump and wanted the revival of their eponymous sitcom to address some of the divisive political issues facing the United States. In the aftermath of their show's cancellation, they have since apologized, blaming the Twitter posts in part on medication.
"I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans," they wrote. "I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste."
In another Twitter post that has since been deleted, Barr asked their supporters to not defend their comments. "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible," they wrote.
The makers of Ambien, a sleep aid, immediately pushed back on Barr's excuse.
Larry Kwong, the first player of Asian heritage to appear in an NHL game, has died at age 94.
Kwong, who played a shift with the New York Rangers in a March 13, 1948 game against the Montreal Canadiens, died on Thursday in Calgary according to an obituary posted online.
Born in Vernon, B.C., on June 17, 1923, Kwong played as a youth with their hometown Hydrophones before moving up to the senior ranks, joining the Trail Smoke Eaters as an 18-year-old.
They eventually joined the New York Rovers, a Rangers farm team, and led them in scoring in the 1947–1948 season.
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble The U.S. says Russia is violating the treaty and some Republicans want to respond by developing a new missile. But arms control experts say that could spur a nuclear arms race and isn't necessary.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham needs to step up to the plate against Chelsea and at least put in a performance, if not claim a victory.
Because if they don't then we will rightly start to question whether or not they can live up to all the hype and talk of them being a title force in the years to come.
These are the kind of games in which players can show what they are really made of.
I remember playing for Nottingham Forest against Manchester United, then the champions of England, on a Monday night, and thinking, ‘If I do well against this lot then I can prove to myself I can compete at this level.'
That's exactly the mindset Harry Kane, who has labelled the match "massive", and Dele Alli need to take into Wednesday night's fixture at White Hart Lane.
They need to forget the run Chelsea is on and go out and show they could get into any side in the Premier League and not just a young team with lofty ambitions of one day winning it.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
The way Kane and Alli are playing , it looks as if they have finally shaken off their Euro Championship hangover.
And with four-goal hauls in their last two games — both away from home — Spurs as a whole look like they are in a free-scoring vein of form.
But, man for man, only two of their players — Hugo Lloris ahead of Thibaut Courtois and Toby Alderweireld/Jan Vertonghen over Gary Cahill, which shouldn't be seen as a slight on the Blues' England defender — would get into the Chelsea team. And that's not good enough if they want to be seen as genuine challengers.
(Photo: Getty)
That said, Spurs will be more than relishing the leaders' visit and, although it will be difficult, Mauricio Pochettino has very good full-backs who like to bomb forward and they could outdo even Victor Moses and Marcos Alonso.
The Battle of the Bridge last May will still be fresh in their minds as well, and on top of that there's the fact Chelsea fans dubbed Tottenham's home ground ‘Three Point Lane' for many years because it was such a happy hunting ground for their team.
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Getty)
Those should be reasons enough for Pochettino's men to be right at it — and the chance to stop Chelsea equalling Arsenal's record of 14 successive wins will also be a real carrot.
For Chelsea players, games won't be coming quickly enough at the moment.
We had a couple of good runs at Liverpool and during those spells it felt like 90 minutes passed in a heartbeat.
A couple of times, I walked off genuinely thinking that I could play our next game there and then — it's the exact opposite of how things feel when you're on a bad run and one game seems to take two weeks.
(Photo: Seconds Left/REX/Shutterstock)
The record will be an added incentive for the Blues, but it could also mean there are one or two nerves and Pochettino will send their side out with a message to show the world what they are made of.
While I'm not saying they are definitely going to win, I wouldn't be at all surprised if Spurs did take all three points.
I certainly think they will get at least a draw to stop Chelsea's streak.
Good morning. Welcome back to the Cambridge News traffic and travel live blog.
We've had a slightly frosty start to the day but hopefully that won't impact on any journeys this morning.
We'll be bringing you the latest news on any accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11 and A10, that might affect your route into work.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated in the blog.
Follow the updates below for the latest information.
Let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet on Twitter through @CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page.
You can also stay one step ahead with all the latest on the roads by joining our Cambridge Traffic and Travel Facebook page. Click here to join, and avoid the queues.
Polar Star
Gary L. Wells / Columnist
President Carter, in their State of the Union address, said, “The decade ahead will be a time of rapid change as nations everywhere seek to deal with new problems and age-old tensions. But America need to have no fear. We can thrive in a world of change if we remain true to our values…”
What are our values? The dollar? The home and family? Personal and national integrity? What is it that people place primarily in their lives?
Do we have values that we can or should remain true to?
The current economic situation would indicate that placing one's hopes in the dollar is a rather shaky proposition.
The rising divorce rate among those who even bother to get married, causes one to question whether the family is even considered an important part of the mainstream of our society anymore.
Where is our personal or national integrity?
Crime is rising sky high. White collar crime. Violent crime. Juvenile crime.
Apathy seems to be the new law of the land.
Those who take the time to express concern about the path our society is taking, are looked as spoilsports and old fogies. There is a prevailing attitude that nothing is wrong unless you get caught. And it's the getting caught that makes whatever it is you get caught at wrong.
Throughout the writings of Arnold Toynbee is the thought that societies break down, not as a result of aggression from without, but because of decay from within.
In “Civilization on Trial” Toynbee wrote, “…history has repeated itself about twenty times in producing human societies of the species to which our Western society belongs…Moreover, when we study the histories of these dead and moribund civilizations…we find indications of what looks like a recurring pattern in the process of their breakdowns, declines, and falls.”
In examining our society (and remember this was something evident even 30 years ago) Toynbee wrote, “There is nothing to prevent our Western civilization from following historical precedent, if it chooses, by committing social suicide.”
What are the manifestations of social suicide? Let's take a brief look at a couple of major examples from the past.
Much has been said about the glory of the Greeks. But up until the time of Philip of Macedonia, Greek society was confined to a small number of city-states. Philip brought the peninsula together and their son, Alexander, took it out into the rest of the world.
At one time Alexander was very concerned about the preservation of their society-then all of a sudden they could care less. Why?
If Will Durant, author of The Life of Greece, is to be believed, it's because Alexander was too busy drinking themselves into an early grave mourning the death of their homosexual lover. And the Greeks went down the drain.
Gibbons in “The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire” said that Rome fell because of the barbarians and the Christians. Toynbee disagrees.
In “Study of History, Vol IV” they wrote that it was the Christians that enabled Rome to last as long as it did. They put forth the idea that if a substantial minority had stopped yelling “BRead and circuses” long enough to look around them, the barbarians would have never pulled Rome down. It wouldn't have taken a majority.
Dr. Francis Schaeffer, philosopher and historian from L'Abri, Switzerland, in “How Should We Then Live?” outlines the Roman frame of mind as the barbarians were at the gates.
“The decadent Romans,” Schaeffer wrote, “were given to a thirst for violence and a gratification of the senses. This is especially evident in their rampant sexuality.”
They conclude: “Because of the general apathy and its results (aggravated inflation, government work programs and a relinquishing of individual freedoms)………few thought the old civilization worth saving.”
Sounds familiar doesn't it?
Is our society worth saving?
I believe it is. It won't be easy, but it can be done.
It's going to take people who care enough to get up off their butts.
It's going to take a realization that the “values” our society is currently resting upon stink.
It's going to take individuals establishing honesty, integrity, and morality within themselves.
The formula is, “If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.” (2 Chronicles 7:14)
IPL Auction 2017: Complete list of players in the auction
351 players will go under the hammer, here is the complete IPL Auction 2017 list of players.
@srihari_93 by Srihari News 14 Feb 2017, 15:05 IST
Ishant Sharma has the highest base price of any Indian player on this list
351 players will go under the hammer in the IPL Auction 2017 in Bengaluru on February 20. The base price of the players ranges from INR 10 lakh to INR 2 crore with just 22 players decided to list themselves at a base price of INR 1 crore or more, with Ishant Sharma the sole Indian in that list.
Of the 351 players on the list, 122 are international players, including 23 Indian internationals and the remaining 229 are uncapped players. There are also six players from Associate nations, five of whom are from Afghanistan and one from the UAE.
Extra Cover: IPL Auction 2017: Player list finalized
As far as the highest base price of INR 2 crore is concerned, only seven players, of whom Ishant Sharma is the sole Indian representative has listed themselves at the. In total, just 22 players out of the 351 have listed themselves with a base price of INR 1 crore or more.
Plenty of players, both Indian and overseas, have decided to keep a low base price in the hopes of attracting a team in IPL Auction 2017. Of the players in the auction, there are 203 uncapped Indian stars.
You can download the complete list of the players in IPL Auction 2017 here.
Here is the list of players who have a base price of INR 1 crore or more.
NO PLAYER TYPE BASE PRICE (In Lakhs) 1 Eoin Morgan Batsman 200 2 Angelo Mathews All-Rounder 200 3 Ben Stokes All-Rounder 200 4 Chris Woakes All-Rounder 200 5 Ishant Sharma Bowler 200 6 Mitchell Johnson Bowler 200 7 Pat Cummins Bowler 200 8 Brad Haddin Wicket Keeper 150 9 Jonny Bairstow Wicket Keeper 150 10 Jason Holder Bowler 150 11 Kyle Abbott Bowler 150 12 Nathan Lyon Bowler 150 13 Trent Boult Bowler 150 14 Alex Hales Batsman 100 15 Jason Roy Batsman 100 16 Marlon Samuels Batsman 100 17 Andile Phehlukwayo All-Rounder 100 18 Corey Anderson All-Rounder 100 19 Daniel Christian All-Rounder 100 20 Grant Elliott All-Rounder 100 21 Kagiso Rabada Bowler 100 22 Nathan Coulter-Nile Bowler 100
Here is the complete list of capped and international players who will go under the hammer.
NO NAME ROLE BASE PRICE (in Lakhs) 1 F Fazal Batsman 30 2 M Guptill Batsman 50 3 R Taylor Batsman 50 4 S Tiwary Batsman 30 5 M Klinger Batsman 30 6 A Stanikzai Batsman 20 7 S Badrinath Batsman 30 8 D Bravo Batsman 50 9 E Lewis Batsman 50 10 N Maddinson Batsman 50 11 A Mukund Batsman 30 12 C Pujara Batsman 50 13 M Tiwari Batsman 50 14 Batsman 10 15 N Broom Batsman 30 16 T Bruce Batsman 30 17 J Burns Batsman 30 18 T De Bruyn Batsman 30 19 C Ferguson Batsman 50 20 A Gunarathna Batsman 30 21 S Heazlett Batsman 30 22 T Iqbal Khan Batsman 30 23 K Mendis Batsman 30 24 A Ross Batsman 30 25 C Suri Batsman 10 26 R van der Dussen Batsman 10 27 M Shahzad Wk/Batsman 50 28 D Chandimal Wk/Batsman 50 29 J Charles Wk/Batsman 30 30 B Dunk Wk/Batsman 30 31 A Fletcher Wk/Batsman 30 32 N Pooran Wk/Batsman 30 33 A Haque Wk/Batsman 30 34 N Dickwella Wk/Batsman 30 35 S Dorwich Wk/Batsman 30 36 K Perera Wk/Batsman 50 37 B McDermott Wk/Batsman 10 38 G Phillips Wk/Batsman 10 39 S Abbott All-rounder 30 40 C Jordan All-rounder 50 41 P Negi All-rounder 30 42 I Pathan All-rounder 50 43 M Nabi All-rounder 30 44 F Behardien All-rounder 30 45 R Dhawan All-rounder 30 46 T Perera All-rounder 50 47 P Rasool All-rounder 30 48 K Sharma All-rounder 30 49 D Wiese All-rounder 30 50 C Munro All-rounder 50 51 A Nayar All-rounder 30 52 J Neesham All-rounder 50 53 W Parnell All-rounder 50 54 R Powell All-rounder 30 55 D Sammy All-rounder 30 56 M Santner All-rounder 50 57 Y Arafat All-rounder 50 58 A Devcich All-rounder 30 59 R Emrit All-rounder 30 60 C Grandhomme All-rounder 30 61 K Mendis All-rounder 30 62 A Phehlukwayo All-rounder 100 63 S Prasanna All-rounder 30 64 D Pretorius All-rounder 30 65 J Ryder All-rounder 30 66 J Sharma All-rounder 30 67 T Cooper All-rounder 30 68 J Carter All-rounder 30 69 D De Silva All-rounder 30 70 T De Silva All-rounder 30 71 F Maharoof All-rounder 50 72 N McCullum All-rounder 30 73 M Hasan All-rounder 30 74 A Perera All-rounder 30 75 S Roman All-rounder 30 76 D Shanaka All-rounder 30 77 Mahmudullah All-rounder 30 78 R Reifer All-rounder 20 79 S Springer All-rounder 20 80 J Wildermuth All-rounder 30 81 R Frylinck All-rounder 30 82 C Jonker All-rounder 10 83 R Mendis All-rounder 30 84 M Pushpakumara All-rounder 30 85 N Buchanan All-rounder 10 86 C Green All-rounder 20 87 A Turner All-rounder 20 88 T Mills Bowler 50 89 B Hogg Bowler 50 90 P Ojha Bowler 30 91 L Sandakan Bowler 30 92 I Sodhi Bowler 30 93 I Tahir Bowler 50 94 R Khan Bowler 50 95 M Swepson Bowler 30 96 V Aaron Bowler 30 97 M Gony Bowler 30 98 M Henry Bowler 50 99 B Laughlin Bowler 30 100 P Singh Bowler 30 101 RP Singh Bowler 30 102 B Stanlake Bowler 30 103 J Unadkat Bowler 30 104 F Ahmed Bowler 30 105 M Beer Bowler 30 106 A Dananjaya Bowler 30 107 R Sharma Bowler 30 108 R Beaton Bowler 20 109 B Dwarshuis Bowler 30 110 D Zadran Bowler 30 111 P Awana Bowler 30 112 L Ferguson Bowler 50 113 S Gabriel Bowler 30 114 B Hilfenhaus Bowler 30 115 L Kumara Bowler 30 116 S Lakmal Bowler 50 117 L Ngidi Bowler 30 118 M Patel Bowler 30 119 T Ahmed Bowler 30 120 D Chameera Bowler 30 121 S Cottrell Bowler 30 122 M Cummins Bowler 30 123 K Santokie Bowler 30 124 J Taylor Bowler 50 125 B Wheeler Bowler 30 126 K Williams Bowler 30
Here is the complete list of uncapped Indian players who will go under the hammer.
RICHMOND HILL, Ont. — The man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto was briefly a member of the Canadian Armed Forces last year, a government spokesperson said.
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017 until Oct. 25, 2017, a spokesperson with the Department of National Defence said.
"He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training," said Jessica Lamirande.
Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Ten people were killed and 15 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk and drove into pedestrians along a busy stretch of a north Toronto street on Monday afternoon.
Minassian had attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011, according to school officials, who declined to provide further details.
A LinkedIn page with Minassian's name and photograph lists them as a student at Seneca College from 2011 to this year.
The area surrounding Minassian's Richmond Hill, Ont., home, just 20 minutes north of where the van incident took place, was cordoned off with police tape on Tuesday morning, with officers entering the home a few times to speak to someone inside.
The few neighbours that were around said they didn't know the family well, but had noticed that its members kept to themselves.
By The Canadian Press
MINNEAPOLIS — Philadelphia Eagles starting defensive tackle Tim Jernigan returned to practice Friday after missing two days this week because of an illness.
The NFC champions had everyone participate as they continued preparations to face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl on Sunday.
Coach Doug Pederson gave a lengthy speech after practice, according to a pool report.
"Play loose, have fun, enjoy the moment," Pederson said they told their players. "These opportunities, as you know, don't come around every year. Also, make sure just to reflect on this season, reflect on the journey that got us here. But just play for one another, have fun and enjoy it."
A playground at a Clitheroe school has undergone a make-over thanks to both its Friends and Tesco supermarket.
The Key Stage 1 playground at St James' CE Primary school now has a new trim trail, together with a football panel and various vibrant playground markings, including a road track, creating a stimulating area for the pupils to use during their break times.
An overview of an area of the playground.
These have all been provided thanks to money raised by The Friends of St James' School and a grant awarded to school through the Bags of Help scheme at Tesco.
Money was raised in the Clitheroe store by the sale of carrier bags, with customers voting for a local project to receive a grant which St James' won. The scheme is administered by Groundworks – an environmental community charity.
The children are very pleased with the new equipment.
Year One pupil Grace said: “I really like the balancing logs on the trim trail. Play times now are much more exciting.”
Lily added: “I enjoy playing on the hopscotch with my friends”.
President Donald Trump propagated the term “extreme vetting.”
But their immigration policies and hiring practices are beginning to show how far the walk can stray from the talk.
As a candidate, Trump vowed a more careful examination than before of who would be allowed into the U.S. Once elected, they ordered what were billed as interim curbs on travel from several mostly Muslim nations.
Their directives drew court challenges. After more than a year of controversy, the Supreme Court is due Wednesday to hear arguments on the matter.
In February Trump ordered up the creation of a “national vetting center” for immigration. But they and their aides have yet to explain exactly what the center would do that isn't already done. Nor have they said if the new creation removes a need for the travel ban.
So for the time being, “extreme vetting” may just as well describe a thrill sport like blood-soaked wrestling as anything the government is doing.
And when it comes to bringing people into their administration, even minimial-to-moderate vetting — for ethical and frugal conduct — seems to get short shrift.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
With their nomination to run veterans affairs before the Senate, Dr. Ronny Jackson faces charges they presided over a hostile work environment as White House physician, allowed over-prescription of drugs and drank too much.
These sound like concerns even the slightest background investigation might have turned up. Their emergence suggests Trump simply liked Jackson's televised performance hailing the president's physical condition and then selected him.
Remember, the previous veterans affairs secretary, David Shulkin, who'd served in the Obama administration, was pushed out after fighting with Trump appointees.
On one side, the agency's inspector general reported negatively on Shulkin's overseas travel. On the other, Shulkin said they were being prodded to privatize veteran health care to replace government-run V.A. services.
A confirmation hearing for Jackson scheduled for this week has been postponed.
This comes as Scott Pruitt, the EPA administrator, faces questions about their financial relationship with a top lobbyist from Oklahoma, where they were attorney general, and about their leasing a Washington condo owned by another lobbyist's wife.
The potential conflicts are “something that we're monitoring and looking at and I'll keep you posted,” White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday.
Extravagant spending on perks such as furniture and trips have already dented the reputations of Housing Secretary Ben Carson, Interior Secretary Robert Zinke and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.
Tom Price was forced out as head of health and human services after spending more than $1 million in tax money on military and private jets. Former economic adviser Carl Icahn and current Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross had questions raised about their mix of investments and public roles.
In more ways than one, vetting does not seem to be this president's strong suit.
The Daily Coin
Rory Hall, The Daily Coin. Beginning in 1987 Rory has written over 1,000 articles and produced more than 300 videos on topics ranging from the precious metals market, economic and monetary policies, preparedness as well as geopolitical events. Their articles have been published by Zerohedge, SHTFPlan, Sprott Money, GoldSilver, Silver Doctors, SGTReport, and a great many more. Rory was a producer and daily contributor at SGTReport between 2012 and 2014. They have interviewed experts such as Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, Dr. Marc Faber, Eric Sprott, Gerald Celente and Peter Schiff, to name but a few. Don't forget to visit The Daily Coin and Shadow of Truth YouTube channels to enjoy original videos and some of the best economic, precious metals, geopolitical and preparedness news from around the world.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
Avoid putting off a visit or trip. If you can, make a call and reach out to a dear friend or loved one whom you have wanted to see. Making plans with this person puts a smile on your face. Let others know what your priorities are.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Relax, and allow others to take the lead. A partner might appear to be somewhat distant in the morning, but by the afternoon, they or they will open up. The two of you will be able to work through some difficult feelings together.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Others could be moodier than you originally had anticipated. You might feel as if someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed. Put some space between you and this person, and don't let their or their negativity get to you.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
Reaching an understanding could be difficult. Loosen up and let go of a grudge. You might feel a lot better as a result, and others will like relating to you more. Your words could be misunderstood. Be as clear as possible in order to avoid a squabble.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
No one needs to tell you how much energy emanates from you. Just observe what is happening around you. Don't allow a feeling of insecurity or a lack of funds to stop you from socializing. Make the first move, and refuse to stand on ceremony.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Your serious tone could cause a loved one some concern. Make an effort to reach out to this person later in the day. You even might decide to buy a token of appreciation to let them or them know that you care. Recognize that you aren't always easy to relate to.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
You might be quite active and assertive, but to someone else it could come across as aggressive. Your supportive efforts toward others will be noticed. Be thoughtful. Open up conversations, and listen to what is being shared.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Be aware of the costs of continuing as you have been. You might be letting self-discipline go by overindulging a bit. Instead of sitting on irritation or anger, try to voice your feelings in an acceptable way. Do not judge others or yourself too harshly.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After last week's incredible battle sequence, this week's Game of Thrones had to shift down a gear.
And this week's episode, while lacking in set piece action sequences, does include a few cool moments, and also the return of some old friends.
Don't read on if you haven't seen Season 7, Episode 5. Spoilers ahead and all that.
(Image: HBO)
So we open on the aftermath of last week's Battle of the Loot Train (which is apparently what we're calling it, even though that's a lame name).
Daenerys is offering terms of surrender to the defeated Lannister army, and gives them a simple choice to join them and their massive dragon, or die. Two of those captured - the commander Randyll Tarley and their son Dickon refuse to bend the knee and Dany has them burnt by Drogon for their troubles. Pretty soon everyone else steps in line.
It's an interesting development for Dany, and we're finally getting to see some good character development for actor Emilia Clarke to play with. How far has Dany gone? Was this a just action - they were a defeated army and they owed their fealty - or is they starting to slip into the madness of their father, burning their enemies alive.
We also have the incredible Peter Dinklage on hand as Tyrion to show just how torn they are with this development.  They are supposed to be Hand of the Queen, and you can see their fear that they are getting out of control. Indeed, later Varys tells them that they have to find a way to make them listen to reason. Everyone is a bit scared, and it adds a proper sense of unease about their character. For too long Dany has just been the hero of the show that everyone assumes will end up in charge at the end. Now we finally have to ask if that's a good thing or not.
We also get a look at Jaime and Bronn, who have managed to swim up-river and escape the dragon and the Dothraki. Jaime looks genuinely terrified of the dragons (as you would be). Qyburn's giant crossbow o doom didn't kill Drogon, and he's aware they have two more dragons ready to unleash. It almost looks like Jaime is having doubts about whether they and Cersei will come out of this alive.
When they get back to Kings Landing they have a sneaky meet-up with exiled brother Tyrion, where they get told all about the Night King and the army of the dead. Whether they believe it or not, they take the news to Cersei - who apparently already knew of the meeting. Spies everywhere, that woman.
(Image: HBO)
After suggesting that they may indeed be able to come to terms with the Dragon Queen - if only for their own evil ends - Cersei drops the bigger bombshell: apparently she's pregnant with Jaime's child.
Now, shocker as this may be, we all know Cersei isn't above manipulation by any means necessary. Perhaps this is just another way to get Jaime back on side. He'd have done anything for their children, but with them all dead they were starting to question their sister's decisions. Now with the promise of another kiddie on the way - and one that she'll officially say is theirs - perhaps she'll be able to keep them on-side. They also end the scene with the somewhat chilling “Never betray me again”. He's certainly going to be on a short leash from now on.
While all this is going on, Davos has also sneaked in to Kings Landing to recruit the help of Gendry - Arya's pal last seen 34 episodes ago (we've been counting) rowing away from Stannis' clutches on Dragonstone. There's a nice reference to the fan theory that he's been rowing all this time, but it seems that he's now back blacksmithing. He's also inexplicably become talented at fighting with a warhammer.
(Image: HBO)
(Image: HBO)
While it's nice to have an old character like Gendry back again, it does seem a little forced. They immediately decide to go with Davos (and then later decides to go to fight the army of the dead) with very little apparent motivation. He's willing to go and risk their lives for… revenge over the death of a father they never knew? He's also suddenly very attached to the idea that he's the son of Robert Baratheon, despite having never met the guy. They say: “I've been getting ready, I never knew what for, but I've always known I'll know it when it comes”. Frankly, this smacks of ‘we couldn't think of a more logical way of suddenly having them be a competent and willing fighter'.
Back on Dragonstone, Jon has another touching moment with Dany - this time they get to pet a dragon, and apparently it likes him. Knowing that the guy they fancy also likes their pets, Dany seems a bit smitten, and even looks a bit upset when they leaf Dragonstone to go and finally address that massive army of the dead that's marching (really slowly) on the Wall.
Sidenote - as they leaf they tell Dany: “I wish you good fortune in the wars to come”. We've heard this said by three people so far - Mance (who died soon after), Arthur Dayne (who died soon after) and Benjen Stark (who was already dead, and reanimated as a good-zombie). Just saying - don't jinx yourself Jon.
(Image: HBO)
Speaking of Jon, we learn that they might have a legitimate claim to the throne. Over at the Citadel, Sam and Gilly are back reading the books, when we find out that Rhaegar (who everyone reckons is Jon's secret real dad) got their marriage annulled and they were “married to someone else at the same time in a secret ceremony in Dorne”. Dorne was where Eddard found their sister Lyanna dying in childbirth. If Rhaegar did marry Lyanna, and Jon is their child, then they aren't a bastard at all and would be Jon Targaryen - legitimate heir to the Iron Throne (a better claim than their Auntie Daenerys - although they do have dragons on their side at the moment).
How far this information will spread remains to be seen, but Sam finally gives up on their life as a librarian, steals a load of secret books and leaves Old Town. Hopefully this will make their storyline going forward less tedious and dull.
Meanwhile in Winterfell, Arya is growing suspicious of their sister after walking in on the lords of the North plotting to make them the ruler instead of Jon. After a bit of a confrontation between the two, Arya starts following Littlefinger around.
Now obviously, after the last few years, Arya reckons their ninja training makes them super stealthy and talented at this spying lark. Little do they know that Baelish is leading them directly to what they want them to find - the letter Sansa sent to Robb alllllll the way back in season one.
(Image: HBO.)
For those of you that don't know the wording of the letter (it was up and gone pretty quick) the most important bit is:
Father has been charged with treason. They conspired with Robert's brother Stannis against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal their throne. The Lannisters are treating me well, and providing me with every comfort. I beg you to come to King's Landing and swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any troubles between the great houses of Stark and Lannister.
Now Robb knew that their sister had been forced into writing that letter, but unfortunately them and everyone else that saw it is long dead (except maybe psychic-Bran, and he's busy being antisocial). So all they have to go on is their increasing suspicion of their sister - troubling times ahead for House Stark, then.
It's nice to see Littlefinger spinning themselves out of trouble again. The last few weeks have had them on the back foot, and it's good to see them back to their Moriarty-level evil genius best.
(Image: HBO)
The end of the episode sees the assembling of the greatest team up of fan-favourite characters since the first Avengers film, as Jon, the Hound, Gendry, Jorah, Thoros of Myr, Beric Dondarrion and Tormund Giantsbane all set out to go catch themselves an undead warrior from north of the Wall to take back and show everyone down south. It was lucky that the Hound, Beric and Thoros just happened to be in a cell at Eastwatch, at the same time that Tormund happened to be in charge there, and Jon just happened to be stopping by looking for help, but who am I to argue with that when there's a great team up on the cards.
Now, pretty much every zombie movie ever made would tell you it's stupid to bring a zombie into a population centre - especially when they don't believe in the threat - but I guess without Twitter or YouTube it's pretty hard to convince people in Kings Landing of the threat. And it sure makes the next episode look interesting! Bets on now who is going to die and/or get turned into a zombie. I'm tipping Thoros, Beric or Gendry. Bringing back vaguely known characters from the past never ends well for them.
QUOTE OF THE WEEK: “I thought you'd still be rowing” - Davos to Gendry
DEATH OF THE WEEK: It's basically a tie, between Gendry hammer-smashing those two goldcloaks, and Drogon toasting Sam's dad and brother. The dragon burning may just nudge it because, well, dragon.
GENDRY WATCH: No longer rowing! Only took them 34 episodes.
OTTAWA — Martine Ouellet has agreed to have a confidence vote on their Bloc Quebecois leadership brought forward.
They made the announcement in Ottawa today.
Details will be hammered out at a party meeting in Quebec on April 29.
The vote is expected to be held by telephone or internet in the following months.
Originally, the leadership vote was scheduled only for 2019.
Ouellet has come under fire since the resignation of seven of the Bloc's 10 MPs late last month over their leadership style.
By The Canadian Press
TORONTO — A man who is already serving consecutive life sentences for two separate murders goes to trial today in Toronto charged in the death of their father.
Dellen Millard is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Wayne Millard, who was found dead in their bed in November 2012, a bullet lodged in their brain.
The death of the wealthy 71-year-old business person was initially ruled a suicide, but two years later, police charged their son with murder.
Dellen Millard has pleaded not guilty and will be tried by judge alone.
They've seized fentanyl, speed, marijuana, other opioids and large shipments of alcohol, Gull said.
The community has been demanding action since the 2015 suicide crisis, Gull said, and drugs were part of the problem.
"The drug dealers aren't hiding anymore, people just line up to get them, like getting coffee at Tim Hortons," Gull said.
Since it's a small community with about 1,500 people, Gull said they know the alleged dealers. So they just goes to their house, grabs the drugs and gives it to police.
"We need help, we want the government to step in and do something to help us instead of watching us from the sideline," they said.
A few weeks ago, Gull met with Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who told them to apply for funding that is available to help.
A spokesperson for Goodale said they are aware of the challenges Attawapiskat faces and noted the federal government is investing $291.2 million over five years in a First Nations policing program.
"These investments include increased and ongoing funding for (program) recipients to support priorities such as additional officer positions, officer safety, policing equipment and salaries," said Scott Bardsley.
They said the force for the region, Nishnawbe Aski police, recently finished a three-year deal through the program, which "will strengthen policing in Attawapiskat and bolster its response to these challenges."
They said there is money available for crime prevention projects and for initiatives to reduce gang and gun violence.
"This funding would include a portion provided to Indigenous organizations to help build capacity through education, outreach and research, addressing the unique needs of Indigenous communities and urban populations," Bardsley said.
Nishnawbe Aski police Sgt. Jackie George said the chief's approach is common in northern First Nation communities.
Airport screenings are particularly effective at keeping drugs out of fly-in communities, they said.
"It keeps people from trafficking contraband into the communities because they know they're going to be searched," they said.
Last November, the Mushkegowuk Council, a regional organization that represents northern First Nations that includes Attawapiskat, declared a state of emergency on illegal drugs and alcohol.
"This pandemic has reached serious levels where it's clearly destroying our people and communities," said Grand Chief Jonathon Solomon at the time.
Chief Gull said they are considering buying a drug-sniffing dog to help.
"We can't just sit around and wait for somebody to do it for us, we have to do it ourselves," they said.
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
The protesting MPs from the AIADMK, DMK and TDP entered the Well soon after external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj made a statement on the 39 missing Indians in Iraq. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: Rajya Sabha was Tuesday adjourned for the day after parties from Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh disrupted proceedings over their state specific demands.
The protesting MPs from the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK), Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and Telugu Desam Party (TDP) entered the Well soon after external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj made a statement on the 39 missing Indians in Iraq and Leader of Opposition Ghulam Nabi Azad made brief remarks.
The House was adjourned for the day on Monday too without transacting any business after parties from Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh disrupted proceedings. The TDP and Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS) members were shouting slogans for special status for Andhra Pradesh while Tamil Nadu parties—DMK and AIADMK— raised the Cauvery water issue.
Amid the protest, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Vijay Goel on Tuesday said the government was ready to discuss all issues. Goel said the Narendra Modi-led government has done good work and “we are not afraid” of anything, amid thumping of benches by BJP members.
In an effort to bring order in the House, chairperson M. Venkaiah Naidu said that they have been stressing from day one that all important issues, including banking scam and Cauvery issue, should be debated. As the protesting members kept standing in the Well, Naidu adjourned the House for the day.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Arsenal defender Gabriel has revealed the details of their furious clash with Luis Suarez during Barcelona's Copa del Rey semi-final first leg victory over Valencia.
The pair were involved in a flashpoint during the match as the Uruguayan scored the only goal of the game to give their side a 1-0 lead going into the return fixture at the Mestalla.
Gabriel admitted Suarez used a derogatory term against him, but played down the incident insisting the former Liverpool man is the best striker in the world.
"These are matters for the pitch," the Brazilian told reporters.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
"He told me that I was a 'cagon' and I told them that they were a good player, that they were the best No. 9 in the world.
"But that stays on the pitch, now we forget it and that's it."
But in the nicest terms, a 'cagon' is said to be someone who is constantly fearful - and prone to defecating themselves, constantly.
Suarez has form for controversial on-pitch incidents having previously been involved in a biting storm with Giorgio Chiellini and being charged with racial abuse of Patrice Evra.
Valencia are bang in the tie as they bid to stop Barça winning a fourth successive Copa del Rey title.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
And the third-placed side in La Liga are confident heading into the home leg.
"We fought until the end as Marcelino wanted, it's the first battle and we had to give our all for the team," Gabriel added. "Now onto the next game.
"I don't see myself in the final yet, Barcelona is the best team in the world and we have to come out ready to make sure we are in the final."
Kylie Jenner wants "more privacy" now they are pregnant.
The 20-year-old television personality, who is reportedly expecting a baby girl with their boyfriend Travis Scott, prefers to stay indoors and have their friends and family come to visit them in the comfort of their own home because they want to stay out of the public eye during their pregnancy.
Speaking about the 'Life Of Kylie' star to PEOPLE, a source said: "Kylie prefers to stay home. They feel good, but their body is changing. They don't want to be photographed. At the moment, they want more privacy. They have family and friends come to their house instead so they have company."
Although the Kylie Cosmetics founder - who is the youngest of the Kardashian/Jenner brood - wants to keep a low profile in the upcoming weeks, they are believed to be "very excited" about motherhood as they talk about their baby "nonstop" and is shopping like "crazy" for their first child.
The insider continued: "She is very excited about the baby though. "She talks about the baby nonstop.  They are already shopping like crazy."
The beauty mogul is not the only member of the family who is starting a family, as Kylie's older half sister Khloe Kardashian, 33, is pregnant with them and Tristan Thompson's child, whilst Kim Kardashian West is having a third child via a surrogate.
Although three of the siblings are pregnant, there is reportedly "no jealousy" between any of them, as they all hope as the babies grow up they will have more of a sibling bond.
A separate source previously said: "Kim is really into the idea of a bunch of babies being born around the same time. They think they'll be more like sisters than cousins. Everyone in the family is just thrilled about the whole thing."
Arsene Wenger has admitted Arsenal have to win each of their remaining seven Premier League games if they are to secure a 20th successive top-four finish.
The Gunners hauled themselves to within seven points of fourth-placed Manchester City, on whom they have a game in hand, with a 2-1 victory at struggling Middlesbrough on Monday night, but the Frenchman knows they can afford no more slip-ups.
Wenger said: "For us, the clarity is there - we have to win every game to have a chance to get in the top four, starting tonight.
"I think it will make the team a bit more serene. You could see that one some occasions, we were a bit over-cautious tonight. Hopefully that will give us a bit more confidence.
"Mathematically it is still possible, even if it is difficult, but we have to give it a go."
Arsenal, who face Manchester City in the FA Cup semi-finals on Sunday, had to fight all the way for their win on Teesside after Alvaro Negredo had cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's superb 42nd-minute free-kick.
It took Mesut Ozil's strike 19 minutes from time to clinch victory as Wenger's decision to play three at the back for the first time in their 20 years with the Gunners ultimately paid off.
They said with a smile: "Yes, it is the first time in 20 years. That shows you that even at my age, you can change.
"Sometimes when your team lacks confidence, just to have something new to believe helps them to focus. The fact we conceded three at West Brom, three at Crystal Palace, I felt it was needed.
"It was a committed game that we needed to win. In the first half, it was tight because they defended very well. We were tested just after half-time when they came back to 1-1.
"We were tested mentally and we found a response to win the game. That is what we needed and that's what we wanted.
"Of course, Middlesbrough did fight because it was one of their last chances to stay in the league. That's why we never gave up.
"We maybe rode our luck a little bit one or two occasions on crosses, but overall, we were a bit more solid defensively."
Boro head coach Steve Agnew was left to bemoan one that got away after Petr Cech pulled off a fine reaction save to deny central defender Daniel Ayala with 61 minutes gone.
Agnew said: "I think that was the moment. We have been waiting for it for a few weeks and I just felt that when we scored, we had Arsenal on the back foot. We pushed them back, and you're just thinking the ball is going to bounce in the right area.
"Dani has done everything right, but the ball has got right down the line of Petr Cech."
Boro performed creditably, but find themselves still six points adrift of safety with just six games remaining, and knowing time is running out fast.
Agnew said: "Obviously we missed an opportunity. We all realise the task ahead, but equally we are six points off it, a game in hand and a terrific goal difference.
"The players were amazing in terms of their effort and commitment and attitude towards the game. They played with such an intensity, I couldn't ask any more of them."
Wordpress needs no introduction. It's by far the most feature packed platform (CMS) to create websites/blogs out there in the online world and the credit for most of the part goes to the flexibility and the level of customizations it offers to developers.
The platform's huge repository of free and paid themes and plug-ins allow developers to code dynamic websites depending upon the content and their target audience. It's relatively easy to create a website on Wordpress, however the success of your online portal depends upon the way you manage your website by utilizing the power of nifty plug-ins the platform offers.
That said, here we have created a list of top 5 Wordpress plug-ins that are essential for every online venture out there in the online world. Download and install them to manage your online venture at its best.
SEE ALSO: Windows 10 Mobile Security Bug allows anyone to bypass the security code
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Yoast SEO- SEO Plug-in Search Engine Optimization is undoubtedly the most important aspect for a website and it requires a plug-in that can serve the task efficiently without any complexities. Formerly known as Worpress SEO by Yoast, the plug-in is designed to improve your site's SEO on all needed aspects. The team behind the plug-in offers step-by-step instructions to improve the SEO of your site by optimizing your pages content, images titles, meta descriptions, keywords, tags, XML sitemaps, etc. The plug-in also has a premium version that has several extra features including the option to have multiple focus keywords, a redirect manager, internet linking, social previews, premium support, etc. W3 Total Cache- Caching Plug-in Used by some of the biggest websites around the globe, W3 Total Cache is accounted as the best Wordpress plug-in for caching. It improves the SEO and user experience of a site by reducing download times via features like content delivery network (CDN) integration. It reduces page load times by creating cached HTML files resulting in increasing visitors count, improves web server performance to sustain high traffic periods, saves bandwidth, optimizes web-pages rendering and also offers browser caching, database caching, object caching, etc. Google Analytics- Traffic tracking Plug-in It goes without saying that analyzing the traffic on your website is the first and last thing you do in a day. Hence, you need to install Google Analytics, which offers significant insights about your website's performance. It allows you to track your site using the latest Google Analytics tracking code and allows you to view key Google Analytics stats in your WordPress install. The plug-in offers in-depth page reports and in-depth post reports, is fully customizable through options and hooks and also allows advanced data collection using custom dimensions and events. The Google Analytics report offers insights about real-time number of visitors, real-time acquisition channels, real-time traffic sources details, and more right at one place. Wordfence Security- Security Plug-in Next in our list is Wordfence Security plug-in that makes sure your website is secure from online attacks. With features like Firewall, malware scan, blocking, live traffic, login security & more, the plug-in has crossed the mark of 22 million downloads worldwide. The plug-in also features a premium version that offers a Premium API key that gives you features such as country blocking, scheduled scans, password auditing, real-time updates to the threat defense feed, two-factor authentication, etc. Besides, the team behind the pug-in also checks if your website IP address is being used to Spamvertize. It is a must download for website owners out there in the online world. Social Warfare- Social Sharing Plug-in Last but not the least, integrating social media sharing buttons has become an integral part of owning and managing a website. A social sharing plug-in will help you drive more traffic by giving your readers the ability to quickly share the blog posts you create on their social networking platforms. Social Warfare is one such plug-in that is compatible with almost all the Wordpress themes and supports all the popular social networks out there. The plug-in is customizable, offers floating share buttons and even supports add-ons. Verdict We have tried to give you the best options available in the five most important categories of managing a website. Do let us know in comments if you need any more feature-packed Wordpress plug-ins for your online venture.
SURVIVOR of the 2014 Lindt Cafe siege, Louisa Hope, is coming to Ballina to tell them story.
Ms Hope was one of 10 customers and eight staff members of the Martin Place cafe who were held hostage for 16 hours by lone gunman, Man Horon Monis.
Ms Hope's talk, to be held at the Ballina Baptist Church on Sunday, August 27, is titled Surviving Trauma, Testing Faith: It could have been anyone".
The siege was a dark day in modern Australian history.
It began at 9.44am on December 15, 2014, and ended when police raided the cafe at 2.13am the following day.
Ms Hope was in the cafe with their mother, Robyn Hope, when the siege began.
They were two of the three hostages injured during the police raid. Louisa was shot in the foot and Robyn was shot in the shoulder.
Monis killed cafe manager Tori Johnson during the siege, and hostage Katrina Dawson was killed by a police bullet ricochet during the raid.
Monis also was killed.
A large floral tribute was created in Martin Place after the siege ended.
The Ballina Baptist Church is located on the corner of Kerr and Bentinck streets, and the talk will be held from 6pm-7.30pm, with supper to follow.
Phone Deb on 0414 283576 or Diane on 0437 731704 for information on the talk.
A small fire broke out inside Citi Field Wednesday afternoon.
The FDNY said a display case inside the stadium's rotunda caught fire and spewed smoke into the air around 3:42 p.m. The stadium's sprinkler system turned on and put out the fire, according to the FDNY.
“Firefighters came in shortly after and extinguished what was left, which was mostly smoke,” an FDNY spokesperson said.
Unsure what happened but I heard a loud blast at Citi Field and then saw smoke and this fire. Hoping for everyone's safety. pic.twitter.com/I3w1YWjfVn — Daniel Mosher (@DanielMosherNY) May 30, 2018
There were no reported injuries.
Pedestrians who were near the stadium posted pictures and video of the blaze.
The Mets didn't have an immediate comment, saying they were working with the FDNY to determine the cause and the extent of the damage.
The Mets completed a seven-game trip Wednesday night in Atlanta and begin a four-game series against the Cubs at Citi Field Thursday night.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has admitted stealing almost £900 worth of perfume from a single shop.
Michelle Criddle managed to swipe the hoard of fragrances from the Lloyds Pharmacy in Thornbury.
The 30-year-old from Holly Hill Road, Kingswood, appeared at Bristol Magistrates' Court on Friday, January 2.
Criddle was charged with two counts of theft and one count of failing to comply with a community order.
They appeared in courtroom two wearing a black top and spoke to confirm their date of birth, address and nationality.
The defendant pleaded guilty to stealing a whopping £897 worth of perfume from a display cabinet in the Thornbury store on October 14, 2017.
The prosecution told the court Ms Criddle had entered the store and gone straight to a display cabinet where they had tampered with the lock.
They then left and returned later, once again tampering with the lock and this time making off with the perfume, with a retail value of almost £900.
(Image: Google)
Criddle was later identified on CCTV.
Ms Criddle also pleaded not guilty to stealing £5 from a man in Staple Hill on June 28 last year.
The defence told the court Ms Criddle had a history of drug addiction and mental health problems, and that a prison sentence would undermine their recent progress with Bristol's drug services.
They recommended a suspended sentence which was heeded by magistrates.
Criddle was handed a 26-week suspended prison sentence and ordered to pay £200 in compensation to Lloyds Pharmacy. They thanked magistrates for the opportunity to continue their rehabilitation as they were returned to the cells.
The India-China bilateral trade increased 18.34% year-on-year to reach $ 55.11 billion from January to August this year. Photo: Mint
Beijing: India's exports to China, which have been showing signs of revival this year after years of slump, registered a 40.69% rise year-on-year to reach $10.60 billion in the first seven months of 2017.
Fired by exports of zinc, iron ore and steel, total Indian exports to China registered a 38.6% increase year-on-year in August this year totalling to $1.26 billion, the sharpest increase this year.
However, the trade deficit expanded to $44.51 billion in the first seven months despite surge in Indian exports as imports from China continue to increase.
The India-China bilateral trade increased 18.34% year-on-year to reach $ 55.11 billion from January to August this year, according to official data accessed by PTI in Beijing.
India's exports to China increased by 40.69% year-on-year to reach $10.60 billion during the seven months. India's imports from China saw a year-on-year growth of 14.02% to reach $44.50 billion.
The cause for surge of Indian exports to China was a result of exponential increase of 353.99% of exports of zinc and related items, 248.19% of iron and steel and 100.7% increase in ores and slag and 151.17% rise in copper.
India was the second largest exporter of diamonds to China totalling to $1.63 billion with a market share of 32.97% after South Africa. India was the second largest exporter of salt, sulphur, earths and stone, plastering materials, lime, and cement to China totalling to $692 million with 17.39% market share after Turkey.
India's cotton exports, including yarn and woven fabric, to China showed a growth of 6.77% to reach $844 million.
The country was the third largest exporter of cotton to China after Vietnam and the US accounting for 15.05% share in the Chinese market.
India-China bilateral trade increased by 14.93% year-on-year in August to reach $7.51 billion.
Despite the increase in Indian exports to China, Indian business and trade circles associated with bilateral trade however advise caution as it is mostly led by iron ore and steel exports which started declining in 2013 due to a domestic crackdown on mines as well as China scaling down its steel production due to the global economic crisis.
The trade deficit began expanding ever since iron ore exports, the mainstay of Indian exports started declining.
Last year, the trade deficit climbed to $52 billion. India has been pressing China to open up its pharmaceutical and IT software sectors to expand the base of Indian exports. So far, there has been no major breakthrough in both areas, despite promises by China. PTI
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Terrifying footage has emerged of a Facebook Live broadcast by trapped Grenfell Tower residents as the fire tore through their building.
The group - believed to involve a family with children - filmed themselves trapped in their flat on the 23rd floor at about 1.40am in the minutes after the fire broke out.
Their front door was all that stood between them and the smoke and fire as they debated whether to open the door.
In one part of the footage as they film police and fire crews arriving down below, a desperate woman yells out: "We're stuck on the 23rd floor!
"Hello! There's too many people stuck upstairs."
The footage was broadcast by Sky News tonight which said it contained a section with a woman "mostly praying" as they desperately tried to get to safety.
Amid noises of banging doors in the complex, the people are trapped in their apartment as they frantically work out how they will escape.
They are frantically debating if they should open the front door and if they will be able to breathe with the thick smoke.
There is a suggestion to see if people are outside who may need help.
A female voice says: "You are not going to be able to breathe.
"You're children are not going to be able to breathe.
The same female voice says: "Listen you have your children.
"Standing near the door, the smoke is not going to help you, yeah? Where's your husband?"
They appear to open their front door to see thick smoke and help people and let them in.
A female voice calls out: "Hello? Come here!"
"Hello? hello? Come! Come! Quick! Quick!"
However, a male voice urgently says "come in... the smoke is coming".
A female voice says: "But the people are outside!"
Towards the end of the footage, which lasts 6 minutes and 33 seconds, the people film over a balcony down to the ground below as a female says police are telling them get out.
There are blue flashing lights as a woman prays and a emergency services crew can be heard below.
The people are asking how they are going to get out.
As they can see police and fire crews arriving, a woman yells out: "We're stuck on the 23rd floor!
"Hello!
"There's too many people stuck upstairs."
The channel said the video was posted at about 1.40am as the fire was in its early stages after being reported at 12.54am.
It was unknown if the people survived.
Authorities have confirmed 12 people died in the blaze while 78 were injured, 18 of whom were in a critical condition.
The death toll was expected to increase as emergency service crews had still not been able to do a full thorough search of the building.
There are fears over the integrity of the high rise, although fire crews had managed to reach the top floor today.
Drones were also being used to examine upper floors of the structure.
Marge Perry, Newsday's weekly 3 Simple columnists, also writes, broadcasts, teaches and speaks about cooking, food and nutrition. In their long-standing capacity as a Newsday columnist, Contributing Editor for Cooking Light, author of the blog A Sweet and Savory Life, restaurant critic, recent columnist for several leading magazines (Better Homes & Gardens, Prevention); regular contributor to many magazines, (including Self, More, Coastal Living, and Relish) and frequent guest on television and radio, Perry is an accessible and authoritative guide for anyone who cooks, eats and travels. In addition to Dinner Tonight, the cookbook based on their daily Newsday column, Ms. Perry has contributed recipes and text to nearly 20 other food and nutrition books. Them articles have been syndicated internationally in magazines and books, and their recipes have appeared on the Television Food Network and numerous television news segments. Perry teaches cooking and food writing at the Institute of Culinary Education in New York City, food writing at mediabistro.com, and is a guest lecturer at the culinary management graduate school at New York University. Them extensive involvement with the food industry ranges from writing and reporting about cooking and nutrition, chefs, restaurants, growers, producers and manufacturers; restaurant reviewing; menu consulting; consumer trend analysis; and volunteering to bring food and cooking/nutrition know-how to those in need.  They are the recipient of numerous awards, including the Libby Hillman Award for Culinary Excellence and the Food Writers' Symposium scholarship and the Association of Food Journalists Award for Best Food Essay for an ode to their mother and strawberry-frosted cupcakes. Show More email
SALMON WITH SWEET CHILI-SESAME SAUCE
1 tablespoon sesame seeds
2 tablespoons honey
2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
1 tablespoon fish sauce
1⁄8 to 1⁄4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1⁄2 cup chopped scallions (green parts only)
advertisement | advertise on newsday
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 (5-ounce) salmon fillets
1. Heat the sesame seeds in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high until they are lightly golden; transfer to a small bowl. Add the honey, soy sauce, fish sauce and red pepper flakes and stir until the honey is dissolved. Stir in the scallions.
2. Heat the oil in the skillet over medium-high; add the salmon skin side up and cook until it is golden on the undersides, about 4 to 5 minutes. Turn and cook until the skin is browned and crisp, another 4 to 5 minutes, or to desired degree of doneness. Serve with the sauce spooned over the top. Makes 4 servings.
Nutritional analysis for each serving: 317 calories, 34 g protein, 11 g carbohydrates, 0 fiber, 15 g fat, 2 g saturated fat, 714 mg sodium
------
BROILED SALMON AND ASPARAGUS WITH CREAMY MUSTARD SAUCE
1 bunch asparagus, trimmed (about 1 pound)
1 tablespoon olive oil
advertisement | advertise on newsday
3⁄4 teaspoon salt, divided
1⁄8 teaspoon black pepper
4 (5-ounce) skinned salmon fillets
1⁄4 cup light sour cream
1⁄4 cup canola mayonnaise
advertisement | advertise on newsday
1 teaspoon country Dijon (or more to taste)
1. Coat a baking sheet pan with cooking spray and preheat the broiler.
2. Toss the asparagus with the oil and 1⁄4 teaspoon of the salt. Place on the baking sheet pan. Season the salmon with the remaining 1⁄2 teaspoon salt and the pepper; place on top of some of the asparagus. (The vegetable serves as a rack for the fish).
3. Broil until the fish is cooked to the desired degree of doneness and the asparagus is crisp tender, about 12 minutes.
4. While the fish cooks, combine the sour cream, mayonnaise and mustard in a small bowl. Serve with the salmon. Makes 4 servings.
Nutritional analysis for each serving: 313 calories, 33 g protein, 3 g carbohydrates, 1 g fiber, 18 g fat, 2 g saturated fat, 653 mg sodium
------
GRILL-PAN SALMON WITH HORSERADISH BARBECUE SAUCE
2 teaspoons olive oil
1⁄4 cup chopped onion
1⁄2 cup ketchup
1 tablespoon cider vinegar
1 teaspoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon drained (prepared) white horseradish
4 (5-ounce) salmon filets
1. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat; add the onion and cook, stirring, until somewhat softened, about 3 minutes. Add the ketchup, vinegar and sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is bubbly and thickened, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat, stir in the horseradish and let stand while you cook the fish.
2. Heat a nonstick or lightly oiled grill pan over medium-high heat. Add the salmon, skin side up, and cook until the fish easily releases from the pan and is nicely marked on the undersides, about 5 minutes. Turn and brush the top of the fish with some of the sauce. Cook until the fish again readily releases from the pan surface, about another 5 minutes. Serve with the remaining sauce. Makes 4 servings.
Nutritional analysis for each serving: 295 calories, 33 g protein, 12 g carbohydrates, 0 fiber, 13 g fat, 2 g saturated fat, 396 mg sodium
Ireland face a crucial World Cup qualifier in Dublin against Moldova as they bid to keep alive their chances of being in Russia next summer.
Wales' victory in Georgia has piled the pressure on the Boys in Green who need three points to realistically keep their hopes alive.
If they do win, they will travel to Cardiff on Monday for a do-or-die showdown with Wales with a place in the playoffs up for grabs.
So - will they get the job done tonight?
Stay here for live updates with Cathal Austin and our colleagues from the Irish Mirror.
West Ham reschedule opening home game against Southampton
by Reuters News 15 Jun 2017, 12:32 IST
Britain Football Soccer - Burnley v West Ham United - Premier League - Turf Moor - 21/5/17 West Ham United's Sofiane Feghouli celebrates scoring their first goal with Andre Ayew and teammates Reuters / Anthony Devlin/ Livepic/ Files
REUTERS - West Ham United's first home game of the 2017-18 Premier League campaign against Southampton will be rescheduled as the London Stadium undergoes renovation following the conclusion of the 2017 IAAF World Athletics Championships on Aug. 13.
Next season's fixtures were released on Wednesday and West Ham start their campaign at Manchester United followed by a home fixture against Southampton on Aug. 19.
However, the London club believe their stadium will not be ready in time as seats and branding material will be modified for the Athletics Championships and need to be restored.
"Our opening fixtures in August will be played away from home as London Stadium welcomes the 2017 IAAF World Athletics Championships for a once-in-a-generation occasion," the club said on their website.
"Supporters are therefore advised that our second fixture of the campaign, against Southampton, will be rescheduled, with further details to follow."
"Our first home match at London Stadium next season is set to be the visit of Huddersfield Town on the weekend of September 9."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
It is easier than ever, or so it seems, to open a new business, especially an ecommerce or tech business. But getting money to fund your startup, especially with so many new businesses competing for the same pool of seed money, can be tough. So which methods, or sources, are the most likely to get or give you the money you need to grow your business? Following are nine of the best, according to entrepreneurs and investors.
[ Related: 8 keys to ecommerce success ]
1. Start saving/Bootstrap.
“My top tip for raising money is: use your own money first,” says Brandon Ackroyd, director, TigerMobiles, who has invested in a number of companies as an angel investor. “Far too many startups expect others to invest when they've injected zero of their own money into a business.”
That doesn't necessarily mean selling your home or hocking your car, but if you are serious about your business and plan on approaching investors at some point, you need to invest your own money first. So it's important to start saving early.
The announcement was surprising. President Donald Trump said they wanted to find a way to save jobs at a major Chinese telecommunications company, ZTE, about to be crippled by U.S. sanctions for violating trade rules, including doing business with Iran and North Korea.
In the days before and after Trump's recent announcement, China approved seven trademark requests from first daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump. Three days before the announcement, the Chinese government agreed to give $500 million in loans to an Indonesian developer building a Trump-branded resort in that country.
Coincidence or quid pro quo?
The fact that the question must be asked is troubling. The fact that there is no clear answer is a serious problem.
To reduce even the appearance of conflicts of interest, presidents typically shed their business interests and typically do not hire family members to work in their administrations. Trump violated both norms. During the campaign, it was unclear what they were promising to do with their businesses. After their election, they did not divest themselves from their interests, instead putting their assets in a trust for their “exclusive benefit.” And they made Ivanka, who also did not divest from their brand and its assets, a top White House aide.
Now the nation confronts the plausible scenario that some countries believe that doing favors for family members and for the organization that bears the president's name is a way to gain favor with the U.S. government. Worries about countries seeking favors and influence are exacerbated when the country is authoritarian and not bound by rules about openness and transparency, like China.
Whatever Trump promised or didn't promise about their and their family's businesses, this all stinks.
The deal with ZTE is far from the only potential conflict. Why are foreign countries and corporations booking rooms and events at Trump's hotel in Washington? Why did Panama's government step in for a bankrupt contractor and complete a water and sewer project that would benefit a Trump hotel in Panama City? Why is the government on the Indonesian island of Bali planning to build a road that will halve the travel time between the airport and a new luxury Trump resort and golf course? Why is a company partly owned by Qatar closing in on a deal to invest in an albatross Manhattan office building owned by the company of the family of Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, another White House adviser? Why did a series of companies pay millions of dollars for the “insights” of Michael Cohen, Trump's personal attorney and fixer?
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Innocent explanations are possible. But the more likely scenario is that the president, their family and their associates are leveraging their power for their own gain. It's the new art of the deal.
When President Calvin Coolidge said the business of America is business, they aren't talking about the president's business. Donald Trump and company need to take all steps necessary to show they're working for America, not for themselves. — The editorial board
(AP) - Fraternity chapters at the University of Missouri say they're still studying a consultant's October report warning the school to change the culture of Greek life on campus.
University Dean of Students Jeff Zeilenga told the Columbia Daily Tribune on Friday that the school is still looking at the recommendations from Dyad Strategies.
Dyad says the university should change Greek life recruitment, ban freshmen from living in chapter houses and require residents' rooms to be open for inspection during parties.
Zeilenga says one of the objections to banning freshmen is that many fraternities are in debt for large new houses and need the revenue.
Two fraternities have been shuttered by their national governing organizations since the university received Dyad's report. Two more fraternities have been put on disciplinary probation for hazing.
Ola, the first-ride sharing company in Australia to offer daily payments to driver partners, competes with other cab-aggregators including rival Uber, Australia-based GoCatch and a recent entrant Taxify.
New Delhi: India's largest cab-hailing firm Ola (ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd) has appointed Simon Smith as managing director to strengthen its presence in Australia, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
Smith, who is responsible for building Ola's leadership team in Australia, was chief executive officer (CEO) at eBay Australia. They also had stints at Servcorp and McKinsey.
“I relish building organisations from the ground up and I am delighted to join the ranks at Ola. It's rare to find a brand like Ola that has built its success on a community-first approach, and that is committed to giving driver-partners a better deal with industry-leading commissions,” said Smith, speaking of their new position at Ola, effective from July 2018.
Smith's appointment comes after the ride-hailing platform launched in Australia in January. Currently it's available in Perth, Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra, Brisbane and the Gold Coast and will shortly launch in Adelaide.
Ola, the first-ride sharing company in Australia to offer daily payments to driver partners, competes with other cab-aggregators including rival Uber, Australia-based GoCatch and a recent entrant Taxify.
Founded in 2011, the Bengaluru-based start-up that joined the unicorn club in 2015, reported a 70% surge in revenues to ₹1,286 crore for 2016-17. Recently, the Soft Bank-backed Ola has also been in news for talks about a potential merger with rival Uber. Softbank is the largest investor in both the cab-aggregators.
Janet Jackson's family have not forgiven Justin Timberlake for the 2004 Super Bowl.
The 'Sexy Back' singer accidentally exposed Janet's breast to the world when they ripped off a portion of their clothing while they were performing on stage together during the halftime show at the sporting extravaganza and now that Justin is back for Super Bowl LII, their father Joe Jackson thinks Janet, 51, should also be invited.
They told the New York Post: "If he's such a gentleman, he'd make sure Janet [Jackson] is there."
Although Janet has never been invited back to the Super Bowl, Justin previously insisted that they had discussed the unfortunate incident afterwards and "made peace".
Asked if they had taken time to "resolve the situation" and "make peace of the whole thing", Justin said: "Absolutely. I don't know that a lot of people know that. I don't think it's my job to do that because you value the relationships that you do have with people."
Justin claimed the incident occurred because they had their "wires crossed" but he's learned from the mistake.
They said: "I stumbled through it ... to be quite honest, I had my wires crossed.
"It's just something that you have to look back on and go, 'OK, you can't change what's happened, but you can move forward and learn from it."
The 36-year-old singer - who has son Silas, two, with wife Jessica Biel - will headline the Halftime show at the NFL showpiece game at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minnesota this weekend, and revealed he's given reassurances that such an incident won't happen again.
They said: "Naturally, that's something we talked about.
Communication Issues In Puerto Rico Make It Hard To Register Deaths The official death toll in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria is 36. But the actual toll is suspected to be much higher, with uncounted bodies piling up in places that still have no way to communicate.
Communication Issues In Puerto Rico Make It Hard To Register Deaths Around the Nation Communication Issues In Puerto Rico Make It Hard To Register Deaths Communication Issues In Puerto Rico Make It Hard To Register Deaths Audio will be available later today. The official death toll in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria is 36. But the actual toll is suspected to be much higher, with uncounted bodies piling up in places that still have no way to communicate. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
New research shows there might be health benefits to eating certain types of dark chocolate. Findings from two studies being presented today at the Experimental Biology 2018 annual meeting in San Diego show that consuming dark chocolate that has a high concentration of cacao (minimally 70% cacao, 30% organic cane sugar) has positive effects on stress levels, inflammation, mood, memory and immunity. While it is well known that cacao is a major source of flavonoids, this is the first time the effect has been studied in human subjects to determine how it can support cognitive, endocrine and cardiovascular health.
Lee S. Berk, DrPH, associate dean of research affairs, School of Allied Health Professions and a researcher in psychoneuroimmunology and food science from Loma Linda University, served as principal investigator on both studies.
"For years, we have looked at the influence of dark chocolate on neurological functions from the standpoint of sugar content - the more sugar, the happier we are," Berk said. "This is the first time that we have looked at the impact of large amounts of cacao in doses as small as a regular-sized chocolate bar in humans over short or long periods of time, and are encouraged by the findings. These studies show us that the higher the concentration of cacao, the more positive the impact on cognition, memory, mood, immunity and other beneficial effects."
The flavonoids found in cacao are extremely potent antioxidants and anti-inflammatory agents, with known mechanisms beneficial for brain and cardiovascular health. The following results will be presented in live poster sessions during the Experimental Biology 2018 meeting:
Dark Chocolate (70% Cacao) Effects Human Gene Expression: Cacao Regulates Cellular Immune Response, Neural Signaling, and Sensory Perception (Monday, April 23, 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m., San Diego Convention Center, Exhibit Halls A - D)
This pilot feasibility experimental trial examined the impact of 70 percent cacao chocolate consumption on human immune and dendritic cell gene expression, with focus on pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines. Study findings show cacao consumption up-regulates multiple intracellular signaling pathways involved in T-cell activation, cellular immune response and genes involved in neural signaling and sensory perception - the latter potentially associated with the phenomena of brain hyperplasticity.
Dark Chocolate (70% Organic Cacao) Increases Acute and Chronic EEG Power Spectral Density (μv2) Response of Gamma Frequency (25-40Hz) for Brain Health: Enhancement of Neuroplasticity, Neural Synchrony, Cognitive Processing, Learning, Memory, Recall, and Mindfulness Meditation (Tuesday, April 24, 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m., San Diego Convention Center, Exhibit Halls A - D)
This study assessed the electroencephalography (EEG) response to consuming 48 g of dark chocolate (70% cacao) after an acute period of time (30 mins) and after a chronic period of time (120 mins), on modulating brain frequencies 0-40Hz, specifically beneficial gamma frequency (25-40Hz). Findings show that this superfood of 70 percent cacao enhances neuroplasticity for behavioral and brain health benefits.
Berk said the studies require further investigation, specifically to determine the significance of these effects for immune cells and the brain in larger study populations. Further research is in progress to elaborate on the mechanisms that may be involved in the cause-and-effect brain-behavior relationship with cacao at this high concentration.
###
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The most watched sides outside of the Premier League this season can be revealed.
Leeds United lead the way in terms of combined audience and Sunderland having the highest number of average viewers.
Figures taken from the Broadcasters' Audience Research Board (BARB) show that Leeds have combined audience of 3.2million while Sunderland are averaging 389,667 viewers for their matches until November.
Bristol City fall outside of the top 20 most watched sides - and there is a simple explanation in that Lee Johnson's side only featured on TV once between the start of the season until the end of November.
Their only televised appearance was the 1-1 draw with Aston Villa in August and that game drew an average audience of 287,000. That gives them the ninth highest average from the top 20 clubs.
The Robins are on TV four times during December and so can be expected to charge up the rankings for the next quarter of the season.
(Image: Dougie Allward/JMP)
The lowdown
Leeds have been on TV an incredible nine times already so it's no surprise to see them top of the combined audience.
Middlesbrough has the next best average after Leeds (348,000) followed by Brentford (327,000) and Nottingham Forest (319,400).
Aston Villa have the second best total number of viewers (1.8m) followed by Nottingham Forest (1.6m), Sheffield Wednesday (1.3m) and Sheffield United (1.2m).
Middlesbrough's home game against Sunderland drew the biggest audience of any game up to the end of November - 493,000 viewers.
That's followed by Leeds' season opener away to Bolton, which was watched by 440,000 people according to BARB.
Top 20 most watched sides (Club: Total views)...
Leeds: 3,201,000
Aston Villa: 1,844,000
Nottingham Forest: 1,597,000
Sheffield Wednesday: 1,253,000
Sheffield United: 1,190,000
Sunderland: 1,169,000
Derby: 1,086,000
Birmingham: 1,069,000
Middlesbrough: 1,044,000
Hull: 836,000
Norwich: 586,000
Fulham: 583,000
Ipswich: 568,000
Cardiff: 548,000
Wolves: 546,000
Bolton: 503,000
Barnsley: 496,000
Portsmouth: 366,000
Rotherham: 354,000
Brentford: 327,000
Top 20 average viewers (Club: Average)...
Sunderland: 389,667
Leeds: 355,667
Middlesbrough: 348,000
Brentford: 327,000
Nottingham Forest: 319,400
Sheffield Wednesday: 313,250
Sheffield United: 297,500
Norwich: 293,000
Bristol City: 287,000
Ipswich: 284,000
Hull: 278,667
Cardiff: 274,000
Wolves: 273,000
Derby: 271,500
Aston Villa: 263,429
Bolton: 251,500
Barnsley: 248,000
Reading: 239,000
QPR: 218,000
Birmingham: 213,800
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are confident they will reach an agreement with midfielder Marouane Fellaini over a new deal.
Fellaini, who has emerged as one of United boss Jose Mourinho's most trusted midfielders this term, is out of contract at the end of this season.
United have opened talks with Fellaini and their representatives, but a conclusion has yet to be reached to the satisfaction of both parties.
But Fellani's value to United and importance to Mourinho are set to see United ensure a deal is struck and the Belgian is tied down to a new deal, likely to be two years, with an option for a third.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
United activated a one-year extension to Fellaini's contract last season but the 30-year-old is free to speak to other clubs from January 1, with the Reds determined to have a new deal for them in place by then.
Fellaini has emerged as a key player for Mourinho's United, coming into the team for injured £89million midfielder Paul Pogba, who remains sidelined with a hamstring problem.
With four goals already this term, Fellaini has proved their worth to United, and reinvented themselves after many fans questioned their value and wanted them out of Old Trafford.
As it's been a few weeks since last delivering a modest Linux GPU comparison and given the continuously evolving state of the Linux kernel Git tree as well as the Mesa project that houses the RadeonSI OpenGL and RADV Vulkan drivers, here are our latest benchmarks showing the current state of the AMD Radeon open-source Linux graphics driver performance relative to NVIDIA's long-standing and high-performance but proprietary driver using several different graphics cards.
The NVIDIA 390.42 driver was used on the green side as the current latest Linux graphics driver from the company. The tested GeForce graphics cards included the GTX 1060, GTX 1070, GTX 1070 Ti, GTX 1080, and GTX 1080 Ti.
On the AMD side was the AMDGPU DRM-Next code for what will be introduced with the Linux 4.17 kernel cycle. On the Mesa side was 18.1-devel from Git this week and built against the LLVM 7.0 SVN AMDGPU back-end as found via the Padoka PPA for Ubuntu users. The tested AMD graphics cards were the Radeon RX 560, RX 580, RX Vega 56, and RX Vega 64 graphics cards.
All of these graphics cards were tested on the same Intel Core i7 8700K Coffee Lake system running Ubuntu 17.10 x86_64 albeit with the graphics driver upgrades as mentioned.
Via the Phoronix Test Suite a wide variety of OpenGL and Vulkan benchmarks were carried out for seeing how this very latest Radeon driver code competes with the NVIDIA Linux stack.
Barcelona Transfer News: Griezmann snubs Barcelona, Cillessen to Liverpool and more - May 30, 2018
All the Barcelona transfer updates in one place!
Will the Frenchman end up signing for Jose Mourinho?
Antoine Griezmann considers move to Manchester United
Antoine Griezmann, who has been the main transfer target for Barcelona, has snubbed Barcelona's offer recently, according to reports from Spanish media outlet, Don Balon (h/t Express).
Manchester United might just become the favorites to sign the French forward this summer, as they have reportedly shown interest in moving to the Premier League giants after rejecting the Catalan club.
While Atletico Madrid have shown no interest in letting their star player go this season, they might be forced to open the gates for Griezmann, should they force a move out of the club.
Liverpool might sign Jasper Cillessen
Liverpool, who are desperate to sign a new man to guard their goal next season after Loris Karius' errors in the UCL final last week, have the chance to make a surprise swoop for Barcelona goalkeeper, Jasper Cillessen, according to reports from Spanish website, Diario Gol (h/t Express).
The second-choice keeper is keen on making a move to Anfield this summer, where they will start week-in and week-out for Jurgen Klopp. They have been warming the bench at Camp Nou for the last couple of seasons, wherein they play as a substitute for Marc-Andre Ter Stegen.
Both Karius and Simon Mignolet have not been able to cement their place in the Liverpool starting XI over the past couple of seasons and thus, the Reds are now looking to enhance their goalkeeping standards by bringing in a strong performer in their ranks.
PSG keen on getting Ousmane Dembele on board
Ousmane Dembele, who has failed to live up to the expectations from them at Barcelona last season, might be offloaded by the Catalan giants in the ongoing transfer window.
According to reports from Mundo Deportivo, Thomas Tuchel and Paris Saint-German are interested in getting the Frenchman onboard and are keen on signing him.
Barcelona will not mind selling Griezmann to PSG, so as to generate funds for their business this season and help them add value to their squad to defend their La Liga title as well as to challenge for the Champions League next season.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ashley Young has warned the Premier League high-fliers Manchester United are coming to get them.
After smashing Chelsea on Sunday and blowing the title race wide open, the Red Devils skipper for the day insisted that their club still have ambitions to chase the likes of City, Spurs and Liverpool.
Many critics have assumed United will soft peddle in the league to concentrate all their efforts on securing a Champions' League place by winning the Europa League.
But even though Young is confident they will make the semis and become automatic favourites for that competition, they explained that no one at Old Trafford is thinking of anything but a massive Premier League charge on the run in.
“There have been high standards here since I signed for the club and we want to be pushing on,” they declared.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: REUTERS)
“A lot has been said about how we want to finish fourth but I am that kind of person who wants to achieve more than that. I want to finish higher than that.
“Hopefully we have a semi final coming up. If we can play like we did against Chelsea then I am sure we can get through against Anderlecht and into the semi finals. We want to aim as high as possible.”
Young led United brilliantly as they exposed serious weakness in a Chelsea side that had looked invincible for much of the season.
It means the title race is back on, with Spurs knowing they can put massive pressure on the leaders. But Young believes their own club can win their remaining games and put pressure on the teams above them, particularly City and Liverpool.
And they admitted it was a big moment to lead such a big club through a massive game. “It was an honour for me to captain Manchester United. To lead the team out was fantastic for me,” they added.
“We have leaders all over the pitch. You have to stick together. Times are hard.”
The next challenge is completing the job against Anderlecht in the Europa League quarter final, and Young believes United have a point to prove after the draw in the away leg.
“We have to approach it like we have Chelsea. In Brussels they had one chance and scored and we were disappointed after the game. It felt like a loss,” they said.
“We have an away goal and are now at home and I am sure if we play like we did today then we will be okay.”
Perhaps the biggest bonus from the Chelsea game was the reemergence of exciting young talent Marcus Rashford, and Young, who has helped guide the teenager, believes United have a genuine star on their hands.
“I said it all along that when they were coming through the youth team and reserves you could see there was something special about him. They play the game with hunger It comes natural to him,” the winger added.
“When they do things quick I don't think there are many defenders who can live with him. When they can get in behind they are a threat. They have a massive future in front of them not only for Manchester United but for England as well.”
A new CIA report reveals that North Korea does not intend to give up their nuclear stockpile any time soon — though they may open a western burger chain in Pyongyang to soften the blow, according to a Tuesday NBC News report.
The hamburger concession is reportedly both a nod to President Donald Trump's love of fast food, and a cheeky reference to Trump's 2016 statement about wanting to talk nuclear weapons with Kim Jong-un while “eating a hamburger on a conference table.”
Per NBC, the CIA report came out at the same time as a new paper by Stanford professor Siegfried Hecker who, having toured the North Korean nuclear facilities four times, says it could take them 15 years to dismantle everything.
Though it seems that total nuclear disarmament is unlikely, talks about minor concessions between the U.S. and North Korea are reportedly ongoing. The United States has taken human rights demands off the table, while North Korea has not yet demanded removal of U.S. troops in South Korea.
The summit between the two countries' leaders, initially scheduled for June 12 in Singapore, was officially cancelled last week, though emissaries have continued diplomatic trips and talks, leaving the event's fate in limbo.
Bob Dorough, Jazz Musician Best Known For 'Schoolhouse Rock!,' Dead At 94
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kevin Yatarola/Getty Images Kevin Yatarola/Getty Images
Updated at 12:33 p.m. ET
Bob Dorough, whose career began as a composer, arranger and singer in the booming New York jazz scene of the '50s and '60s before they became the musical keystone of Schoolhouse Rock!, died Monday afternoon in Mt. Bethel, Penn., their wife, Sally Shanley Dorough, confirmed to NPR. They were 94.
The Arkansas-born, Texas-raised Dorough began working in music in the army, serving as a composer, arranger and player in the Special Services Army Band between 1943 and '45, before getting a Bachelor of Music degree from the University of North Texas. In the late '40s, Dorough made their way to New York, working there as a pianist and singer.
They released their debut album, Devil May Care, in 1956 on Gus Wildi's Bethlehem label, also home to Nina Simone's first album. Devil May Care was a document of loungey bebop, with Dorough's windy, charming and idiosyncratically accented singing of buoyant lyrics that hinted at their success to come. "In a dream / the strangest and oddest things / appear / and what insane insane and silly things / we do," they sang on "I Had the Craziest Dream."
Not long after the release of Devil May Care, the legendary Miles Davis recorded their own interpretation of its title track, which would go on to become a jazz standard.
YouTube
Dorough collaborated with Davis on the serrated holiday song "Blue Xmas (To Whom It May Concern)" and later sang on "Nothing Like You," the closing track of Davis' 1967 album Sorcerer. As critic Ben Ratliff wrote in notes accompanying a vinyl reissue of Sorcerer last fall: "The trumpeter Leron Thomas recently told me that they think of it as Miles's version of a Looney Tunes move: 'That's All, Folks.' "
Then, in 1971, with the jazz money running thin, Dorough was asked by their boss at the advertising company where they had a day job for to set the multiplication tables to music; their boss cited their children's ability to remember Hendrix and Rolling Stones lyrics, but not their school lessons.
"I got the idea that three is a magic number," Dorough told NPR's Rachel Martin in 2013. "Then I looked in the magic book and sure enough, three is one of the magic numbers." That concept became the song "Three Is a Magic Number" and the project would become the Grammy-nominated Multiplication Rock. Originally intended as a school workbook, the concept was pitched and sold to ABC executive Michael Eisner, becoming the first of the long-running Schoolhouse Rock! series of educational cartoons that became an all-but inseparable part of of '70s and '80s childhood.
YouTube
After the fully Dorough-penned Multiplication Rock, the series' contributors expanded to include Lynn Ahrens, Dave Frishberg (writer of "I'm Just a Bill") and George Newall, with Dorough staying on as musical director. Expanding to cover grammar — Dorough's least-favorite subject to pen music on — American politics and history and science, the initial series ran for 12 years and was revived in the '90s.
The tribute album Schoolhouse Rock! Rocks, recorded by indie artists that had no doubt grown up watching the series, was released in 1996. It featured reinterpretations of the now-famous tunes, including Dorough compositions "Conjunction Junction" (Better Than Ezra), "Three Is a Magic Number" (Blind Melon), "Electricity, Electricity" (Goodness) and "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here" (Buffalo Tom).
Later in life, Dorough became a mentor to the British-American singer, actor and comedian Nellie McKay, whom they first met in 1997, McKay tells NPR. "He was leaving Professor Pat Dorian's office at East Stroudsburg University — even in an academic setting, they glowed with health and good cheer, spreading sunshine wherever they went," McKay says. "Lou Reed's idea of hell would be to sit in heaven with Bob Dorough," McKay says, referencing the famously cantankerous New York rocker.
Dorough themselves continued to play live for the rest of their life — at 92, Dorough performed "Devil May Care" for member station WBGO — and as recently as three weeks ago in upstate New York.
Ankle injury forces Goffin out of Wimbledon
David Goffin's ankle injury sustained at the French Open has forced them to withdraw from Wimbledon next month.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 22:07 IST
David Goffin, in action at the French Open
World Number 13 David Goffin has pulled out of Wimbledon next month as they continue to recover from an ankle injury.
The Belgian saw their French Open campaign come to a halt in the third round after a nasty fall during their clash with Horacio Zeballos.
Goffin - who was seeded 10 in Paris - was on course to wrap up the first set as they moved 40-0 up with a 5-4 lead, but a point later their grand slam was over.
As the 26-year-old raced back to try and return a ball they tripped over the court covers situated well behind the baseline, twisting their right ankle as a result.
Goffin remained hopeful they could be fit again in time for the grass-court major, but they have revealed those hopes are now over.
"I am very sad to announce that I won't play at the Wimbledon championships this year," they posted on Twitter.
"The revalidation is going well and doctors are positive but I won't have enough time to be ready for the tournament.
"I want to be 100 per cent. Can't wait to be back on court!"
Goffin has reached round four in the last two editions of Wimbledon, losing to Stan Wawrinka and Milos Raonic respectively.
The challenge for Toronto defensively will be containing Reilly, who was 22-of-30 passing for 326 yards and three TDs in rallying Edmonton (2-1) past B.C. 41-22 last week. The Lions led 11-2 heading into the second quarter but were outscored 29-3 over the second and third.
But Reilly was hardly a one-man show. Running back C.J. Gable ran for 165 yards and a TD on 23 carries while D'haquille Williams had six catches for 129 yards and a touchdown as Edmonton's offence rolled up 517 total yards.
Prediction: Edmonton.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats vs. Saskatchewan Roughriders (Thursday night)
At Regina, Jeremiah Masoli chases a record-tying ninth straight 300-yard passing effort for Hamilton (2-1) after throwing for 369 yards and a TD in last week's 31-17 home win over Winnipeg. Saskatchewan quarterback David Watford replaced Canadian Brandon Bridge to open the second half of last week's 23-17 home loss to Montreal, but the Roughriders (1-2) have said they're going back to Bridge against Hamilton. The Als targeted Duron Carter, who had trouble covering speedy Chris Williams (three catches 130 yards, TD).
Prediction: Hamilton.
Ottawa Redblacks vs. Montreal Alouettes (Friday night)
At Montreal, the Alouettes (1-2) look to build off last week's win over Saskatchewan that snapped their miserable 13-game losing streak. Jeff Mathews was 8-of-12 passing for 98 yards in relief of Drew Willy (concussion protocol). Trevor Harris completed 13-of-29 passes for 135 yards and a pick for Ottawa (1-1) in last week's 24-14 road loss to Calgary. William Powell ran for 123 yards while Greg Ellingson had six catches for 97 yards and a TD.
Prediction: Ottawa.
B.C. Lions vs. Winnipeg Blue Bombers (Saturday night)
At Winnipeg, the Blue Bombers (1-2) continue to chase their first home win of the season. Rookie Chris Streveler finished 17-of-28 passing for 146 yards and no TDs — for the first time in three starts — last week against Hamilton. Veteran starter Matt Nichols has been removed from the six-game injured list, so they could be back behind centre soon. B.C. (1-1) started out well enough against Edmonton but couldn't make it stick as quarterback Jonathon Jennings finished 13-of-24 passing for 199 yards with an interception while rushing for 34 yards on five carries.
Prediction: Winnipeg.
Last week: 3-1
Overall: 8-4
By Dan Ralph, The Canadian Press
Sylvester Stallone making biopic about boxer Jack Johnson
Sylvester Stallone making biopic about boxer Jack Johnson
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 23:52 IST 10 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
NEW YORK (AP) — Days after the presidential pardon of Jack Johnson, Sylvester Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African-American heavyweight champion.
Stallone said Wednesday that their newly launched Balboa Productions will start with a film about Johnson. On Thursday, Stallone stood next to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office as they signed a rare posthumous pardon to Johnson, who served 10 months in prison in what Trump called "a racially-motivated injustice."
Trump has said Stallone was instrumental in bringing Johnson's story to their attention.
Stallone's production company said the film will be fast-tracked with Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures.
Stallone has said Johnson was the basis for the character Apollo Creed in the "Rocky" films. The 71-year-old actor is currently in production on "Creed II" with MGM.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The warning bells have been ringing for some years now.
We should have noticed when G4S failed to provide the security for the Olympics.
We should have sat up when Serco bungled the prisoner tagging programme or when Atos failed on the fit-for-work assessments or National Express gave up the East Coast Mainline franchise.
Perhaps Carillion should have served as a final warning?
Or the Stagecoach and Virgin Train's running of the East Coast Mainline (again)?
What has become clear is the Tory policy of outsourcing public contracts to private firms has become increasingly untenable.
In the last seven days Allied Healthcare has warned it may not be able to continue providing day care for 13,000 elderly and vulnerable patients and Capita has been forced to ask its shareholders for an emergency bailout.
Each of these firms can point to specific difficulties or circumstances but at the heart of this is a system whose flaws have been exposed because of austerity.
A cash-starved state is forced to tender contracts for services which companies can only deliver by cutting corners or exploiting their workforce.
To fulfil the contracts and ensure shareholders get healthy dividends these firms often use flexible labour paid at the minimum wage.
Permanent contracts which require the paying of pensions, holiday, paternity and sick pay are regarded as an expensive luxury.
Councils, whose funding have been cut by 49% since the Tories came to power in 2010, are forced to outsource services because they cannot afford to deliver them themselves.
The Government appears blind to the failures of outsourcing.
Chris Grayling is still handing out rail franchises to companies who have walked away from previous contracts leaving the taxpayer out of pocket.
There is anecdotal evidence some major firms are now stopping bidding for tenders.
They realise the margins are too low to make profits and provide decent services while treating staff fairly.
Are we witnessing the death knell of forty years of Tory ideology?
(Image: PA)
Jeremy Corbyn will today meet Jewish leaders to explain how they intend to tackle anti-Semitism within the Labour ranks .
The Labour leader has pledged to combat the hatred and abuse with a “zero tolerance” approach.
But they were slow to react to the poison and hatred spewed by supporters acting in their name.
There are still those who believe that because many of the victims of anti-Semitism are not Corbyn allies the issue is being used to undermine the leader.
It should not matter if the victims are Blairites, Lib Dems or Conservatives, anti-Semitism is abhorrent regardless of the political affiliation of the target.
Congratulations to Caroline Criado Perez.
A few years' ago they were cycling through Parliament Square and noticed all the statues were men.
Today, thanks to their campaigning, a statue of suffragist Millicent Fawcett will be unveiled in the Square .
Wonderful.
Today's agenda:
9am - The Prime Minister chairs Cabinet.
9.30am - Work and Pensions minister Kit Malthouse is quizzed by Work and Pensions committee on the universal credit.
11am - The unveiling of the statue of Millicent Fawcett in Parliament Square.
11.30am - David Gauke takes Justice questions in the Commons.
2.30pm - Various newspaper editors are quizzed by the Home Affairs committee on hate crime.
5pm - Jeremy Corbyn meeting with Jewish leaders.
What I am reading:
An excellent piece by Jason Cowley on how austerity is ruining our public realm
What I am listening to:
Our latest Ayes to the Left podcast . I'm joined by Nicola Bartlett and Dan Bloom to discuss Windrush, anti-Semitism and how the parties will fare in next month's local elections.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol sports centre gutted by a huge fire which saw more than 40 people evacuated has partially reopened.
The South Bristol Sports Centre in Hengrove suffered extensive damage when a fire broke out at the property on May 12.
The blaze, which took more than four hours and 50 firefighters to bring under control, is believed to have started in the gym area of the site, which is comprised of three buildings.
The sports centre - used by different clubs every day of the week - was subsequently closed to the public.
(Image: George Davies-Coward)
But at the end of June, staff announced the 4G and grass pitches had reopened - and bookings are now being taken.
“We are reopening the 4G and grass pitches on June 25,” staff said in a tweet. “Knowing how many of you rely on us to provide you with sports facilities, it's extremely important to us to open even in a limited capacity.
“Please do come down and show your support, bookings being taken.”
Around 40 people had to be evacuated when the fire broke out at the premises.
(Image: Andrea Warnes)
The fire sent large plumes of black smoke into the sky which were visible from across the city, and even as far away as the Mendip Hills in Somerset.
No one is thought to have suffered any injuries as a result of the fire.
It is understood it will take at least 18 months to rebuild the rest of the building and fully reopen.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rugby will play their final game under that famous name on Saturday when they take on neighbours Hartpury in the last game of the Greene King IPA Championship season.
As of June 1, Bristol Rugby will become the Bristol Bears as the club rebrand themselves for a return to the Premiership having already secured promotion.
So, providing the new name sticks, this really is the end of an era which dates back 130 years.
And one not to be missed.
Hartpury have built new stands to be able to host the famous Bristol travelling support but for anyone not making the journey 40 miles north to Gillman's Ground, you can watch the game live online.
The RFU and Greene King IPA Championship are live steaming the match.
To watch it visit either the Official England Rugby Facebook page or the Championship Rugby website .
Despite having already lifted the league trophy at Ashton Gate, Pat Lam's men are working hard to make it 21 wins out of 22 for the season with the only blip coming against Jersey Reds.
Tickets for the game can still be purchased online on the Hartpury RFC website.
when your father in law dies suddenly of un detected cancer, your mother tells you they have a big lump of cancer in their head and theres notting to do about it.. you back are fooked, and you have insomnia...
_________________
fastOsloW sundays 11-13 gmt
let fastOsloW be your dj:
fastosloW on myspace:
dont hide the madness.
new mix you can have
Link to track on SoundCloud _________________fastOsloW sundays 11-13 gmtlet fastOsloW be your dj: fastoslow@mr-nobody.net fastosloW on myspace: http://www.myspace.com/fastoslow dont hide the madness.new mix you can have
Two Ribble Valley gastropubs have made the top 10 of one of the most prestigious lists in the industry.
The Freemasons at Wiswell has taken fourth place for the second successive year, while The Parkers Arms in Newton-in-Bowland has taken eighth place in the Estrella Damm Top 50 Gastropubs Awards.
The Parkers Arm at Newton.
The awards are voted for by top foodies and hospitality experts. These include gastropub operators, who can't vote for their own pubs, food writers, pubco catering development managers and executive chefs, celebrity and top hospitality industry chefs, pub guide editors, industry chiefs and food operators. The voting criteria ensures the list really is decided by the industry.
Steven Smith, Chef Owner at The Freemasons at Wiswell, said: “To be included alongside such esteemed company really is proof of all the hard work and dedication by the team at The Freemasons and we're delighted to take the fourth spot for the second year in a row. Most importantly for me, it shows a strong level of consistency, which is so important in this business and is essentially what keeps customers coming through our doors time and time again."
It's also a great start to 2018 for The Parkers Arms, which was last year's highest climber on the list, shooting up 35 places from 48th to 13th with this year it's rising a further five places to take eighth place.
Chef Patron Stosie Madi said: "This award is a huge achievement and absolute triumph for our small business and Lancashire, we are delighted once again to fly the red rose flag high."
The listing is testament to Stosie and their business partner Kathy Smith's dedication to making their pub one of the best in the country.
They took over The Parkers Arms in 2007 and have amassed an equally adoring local and national following.
There are people whose job it is to just be sweet, loving and caring and it is the job of warriors to look after them. It's that simple.
The Zealous Pursuit of State-Sponsored Collapse Author MN Gordon – Acting-Man
When Bakers Go Fishing
Government intervention into a nation's economy is as foolish as attempting to control the sun's rise and fall by law or force. But that doesn't mean governments don't meddle each and every day with the best – and worst – of intentions. The United States government is no exception.
From the “When the government helps the economy” collection: Breaking a few eggs while baking the bridge to nowhere omelet. [PT]
Over the years, layers and layers of interference by various federal, state, and local agencies have built up like grime on a kitchen window. The grease shines and smells of something fierce. The layers of government grime also drip and ooze into every crack and crevice of the economy.
These days, for example, it is impossible to carry out a simple private transaction with your barber or barista without some form of government interference. Has your barber obtained the required license and paid the obligatory fees to be able to legally taper your neck line? Has your barista's espresso bean grinder passed city health inspection?
Is the hot Cup of Joe served in a paper cup of appropriate recycled material composition? Did the hot beverage exceed the legally accepted temperature standard? Did state and local governments receive their tax exaction upon payment?
The licensing racket – left panel: the basic definition of the racket; middle panel: how long it takes and what it costs to obtain licenses for assorted jobs in the US; right panel: the inexorable growth of rules and regulations. One shouldn't be surprised that the pace of real economic growth has steadily declined since peaking in the late 19th century (or if one wants to focus on the modern era, since it peaked not too long after WW2). From money supply inflation to regulatory inflation, Leviathan has undermined the economy at every turn by inflating all the stuff we definitely don't need more of. The pretense is that this is needed to “protect” us (for instance, last year the police courageously protected the citizens of Georgia from the dangers of an unlicensed lemonade stand by arresting its 14-year old female proprietor). Let us be clear: No-one will be allowed to terrorize the community by running an unlicensed lemonade stand or engaging in the high crimes of dispensing unlicensed manicures and haircuts. [PT] – click to enlarge.
When it comes to more complicated matters, where real money's on the line, government interference is an absolute disgrace. Did you know that it costs 10 times more to have an appendectomy in the United States than in Mexico? Is the procedure 10 times better?
Obviously, this is nothing new. Governments have been regulating and impressing their fingerprints all over commerce since society first granted its leaders the opportunity. People are so accustomed to it that they accept government intervention as necessary to better their lives.
When it comes to price fixing, wage controls, and dictating oil production, things quickly go haywire. This is because prices, wages, and resources have their own independent relationships beyond what can be legislated.
When the price of a certain good or commodity is artificially fixed below its natural equilibrium, scarcity and shortages follow. In short, when the price of bread is decreed below the cost of the wheat that goes into it, bakers go fishing.
The scourge of occupational licensing [PT]
Credit Market Intervention
Perhaps the most nefarious of all government intervention, is that which directly affects a nation's money stock. Many people don't recognize its occurrence. But they do misdiagnose its effects.
Wage stagnation, for instance, is often blamed on greedy executives off-shoring their production. In reality, this is merely a consequence of a forced monetary regime that inhibits genuine capital formation and earned savings in favor of asset price inflation. Of course, only a complete killjoy would bother scratching below the surface to uncover such minutiae.
Without question, the last decade has brought forth some of the craziest monetary policy experiments in human history. If you recall, the Federal Reserve dropped the federal funds rate to near zero in December 2008, and kept it there until December 2015 – exactly seven years.
Since then, the Fed has hiked the federal funds rate four times – 0.25 percent each time – bringing the federal funds rate up to 1.25 percent. The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meets on December 12 and 13, and will likely raise the federal funds rate another 0.25 percent.
It is also anticipated that the Fed will raise rates three times in 2018, assuming financial markets and the economy don't break down before they can accomplish this.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
UFC News: Real reason why Conor McGregor went to Las Vegas urgently
The UFC Superstar is trying to get the NSAC to reconsider its disciplinary action.
by Shikhar Abs News 15 Feb 2017, 13:45 IST
Conor McGregor throwing cans at UFC 202 press conference
What's the story?
There has been speculation about Conor McGregor's recent trip to the Sin City, from the filming of an anti-bullying commercial to meeting Floyd Mayweather to negotiate about their fight.
The real reason behind this sudden trip was to meet NSAC Chairman Anthony A Marnell III and Executive Director Bob Bennett, who intend to re-evaluate the disciplinary action taken against UFC Superstar Conor McGregor after the UFC 202 press conference incident in August.
In case you didn't know...
The NSAC originally fined ‘The Notorious' $75,000, along with an agreement for them to produce anti-bullying public service announcement worth another $75,000. They were also ordered to do 50-hours of community service for the altercation. Nate Diaz was fined $50,000 for their involvement in the incident and was also ordered 50-hours of community service.
After becoming UFC Lightweight champion Conor McGregor had filed a formal petition for Judicial review of the NSAC's order in Nevada District Court.
The heart of the matter
The altercation started during a news conference for promoting the McGregor-Diaz fight at UFC 202, where 'The Notorious' showed up late. This prompted Nate Diaz to get up and walk out of the conference along with their camp.
As Diaz left the arena, the two fighters started shouting at each other, which led to hurling of water bottles and cans at each other until the security intervened.
Conor McGregor is looking to apply for a boxing license from the state of Nevada. In order for them to be eligible to submit an application for the license, McGregor would have to settle any outstanding disciplinary orders from the NSAC.
The re-evaluation of this order could have a direct impact on the possible cross-over boxing bout with the retired legend Floyd Mayweather, as Las Vegas is Mayweather's preferred location.
Mayweather quashed all the recent rumours that the two fighters have reached a financial deal with their social media post on Tuesday, where they called themselves ‘happily retired'. The UFC Superstar on reaching the Sin City was quick to reply in their typical style with a Twitter post throwing another jab at Floyd Mayweather.
I am in Las Vegas. Floyd has retired on my arrival. pic.twitter.com/z9EcxBJaDr — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) February 15, 2017
What next?
Right after the disciplinary action taken against him, McGregor told Rolling Stone that they didn't see Nevada in their ‘foreseeable future'.
‘The Notorious' met with the NSAC Chairman and Executive Director on Tuesday to discuss their written request for the commission to reconsider its disciplinary order against him. According to a statement released to Fox Sports, Chairman Marnell has agreed to place the request for re-evaluation on this agenda at the Commission's March 22, 2017, meeting.
Sportskeeda's take
A lot rides on this re-evaluation of the disciplinary action against Conor McGregor. If everything goes as planned, then it would put another piece of the puzzle in place leading up to the possible multi-million dollar super fight.
This interest in sorting things out with NSAC just shows how committed McGregor is to making this fight a reality. We will keep you posted on any developments on this super-fight.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has died after being hit by a cyclist.
Nick Graydon died in hospital on Saturday, December 9, two weeks after the incident in which they suffered serious head injuries.
The 27-year-old was hit by a cyclist in Brook Road, Bristol, at around 8pm on Saturday, November 25.
A cyclist was travelling on Lower Cheltenham Road onto Brook Road in Montpelier when they collided with Mr Graydon.
Avon and Somerset police say Mr Graydon appeared to have stepped out into the road from behind a parked van, and they are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
A police spokesperson said: "We're keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident who may have information to help our enquiries.
"If you are able to help, call our collision investigation unit on 101, providing the reference 5217270720."
Salad for dinner needs an extra measure of heft and heartiness, if only to stave off the hunger that prompts a late-night refrigerator raid.
Chopping lots of vegetables or topping each portion with grilled chicken or flank steak is the typical way to go, but the right components aren't always at hand and the ratio of protein to greens can make for uneven bites.
Here's one solution: go with lentils. They cook quickly and can insinuate themselves into every corner of your salad. In this recipe, their flavour's bumped up with a super-quick pan sauce. But what really gives this dish its main-course cred are roasted russet wedges, which are coated with a spot-on blend of Spanish smoked paprika, salt and dried onion flakes. They'll emerge from the oven hot, crisped at the edges and at about the same time you'll have the lentils and salad tossed and ready to go. The potatoes are surprisingly meaty, and you might like them so much that you'll prepare them this way the next time you need a fast side dish.
You'll be sated and have every right to feel virtuous, as the nutritional analysis for this meal registers in the healthful zone. So maybe a stolen spoonful of ice cream, after kitchen cleanup, would be in order.
Prince William couldn't be "prouder" of England after they won the penalty shootout against Colombia in the World Cup tournament in Moscow on Tuesday (07.03.18).
The 36-year-old royal - who is the president of the Football Association - has praised the squad for their victory in last night's tense game after they managed to squeeze through to the next round of the competition when Eric Dier scored the winning shot.
In a tweet signed off by William posted on the official Kensington Palace page, they said: "I couldn't be prouder of #England- a victory in a penalty shootout! You have well and truly earned your place in the final eight of the #worldcup and you should know the whole country is right behind you for Saturday! Come on England!"
And William wasn't the only celebrity to jump on the social networking site to praise the efforts of the team as Russell Brand joked that he'd just "vomited" in their mouth a little bit after the opposition's goalkeeper failed to save Dier's miracle shot.
The 43-year-old comedian said: "I'm naked. I'm crying. I just vomited a bit of tea. England. #WorldCup #ENGCOL #ENG (sic)"
They then went on to honour England's manager Gareth Southgate, writing: "Voldemort is dead! The voodoo is undone! The hex is broke! All hail Garry Potter!
#ENGCOL #WorldCup #eng (sic)"
England fans were left sat on the edge of their seats during last night's nail-biting game after Harry Kane scored the first goal just minutes into the second half after Carlos Sanchez fouled the England captain during a free-kick.
England looked set to be sailing through the quarter finals of the World Cup as the game went to extra time but the players were left devastated when Colombia's Yerry Mina managed to score the equaliser two minutes from the whistle being blown.
However, Kane's team did the nation proud when they won the penalty shootout with 4-3 - only the second time they've won a shootout at a major tournament since the Euro 1996 when they went up against Spain - meaning they're now in the quarter finals, the first time since 2006, and are set to play Sweden on Saturday (07.07.18).
Anirban Das Blah, founder of Kwan Entertainment. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
New Delhi: Celebrity management firm Kwan Entertainment and Marketing Solutions on Tuesday announced that it has launched a sports, media and consumer subsidiary Kwanabler in partnership with Ravi Krishnan, co-founder of wellness company Stepathlon Lifestyle.
The firm will help global sports, media, entertainment and consumer businesses to enter India by helping them to identify, own, and monetise assets and business opportunities.
It will also create bridges for Indian brands, investors, and sports/entertainment based enterprises in the global market.
Noting that global investors are looking at India through a different lens due to its rapid global emergence, Krishnan said that international entities need a partner to help navigate the Indian business landscape.
“They need a partner on the ground who has local expertise, right access, as well as a global perspective. Kwanabler is uniquely placed to capitalise on this opportunity with both foreign and local investors and shareholders. We aim to be a dominant force in India with global reach, and impact,” they added.
Krishnan has over two decades of experience in sports management, media and entertainment business. They have set up India operations of global sports, events and talent management firm IMG Worldwide back in 1995. At IMG, they were instrumental in creating properties such as the Sahara Cup, The Aircel Chennai Open, Lakme India Fashion Week and Royal Challenge Indian Open Golf Tournament amongst many others. They have also been associated with Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise Rajasthan Royals as vice chairperson in 2008. They co-founded their entrepreneurial venture Stepathlon Lifestyle Pvt. Ltd.in 2012.
“In India, domains such as sports, media and entertainment have registered high growth in recent years, but there is high value that still remains to be tapped. Unlocking it needs involvement of international players who can bring in investments and global business experience,” said Anirban Das Blah, founder, Kwan Entertainment.
Blah added that Ravi (Krishnan) is one of the key people who helped create the sports, media, and entertainment ecosystem in India from scratch. “At a time when the world is looking at India, they form the ideal bridge as someone from the West who has invested themselves in India over the last 23 years,” they said.
Established in 2009, Kwan Entertainment has business undertakings across cinema (Bollywood and regional), music, sports, fashion, and lifestyle. Its talent management vertical represents celebrities such as Ranbir Kapoor, Hrithik Roshan and Deepika Padukone among others. Kwan has a joint venture called Mojostar with brand licensing and marketing firm Dream Theatre which creates new brands in the fashion, personal care and fitness segments in partnership with celebrities. It also runs Kwan Digital, a marketplace which connects online video streaming platforms like Netflix and Hotstar with directors, writers as well as content creators.
The company is also an investor/stakeholder in media entities such as music streaming platform Saavn, Deepika Padukone's apparel line All About You, and entertainment start-up Gigstart.
LAHORE: The much anticipated FIFA world cup trophy on its global journey ahead of the World Cup 2018 in Russia has finally landed in Pakistan today on Saturday, Aaj News reported.
The trophy made a historic stop in Lahore as part of the CocaCola FIFA World Cup Trophy tour, visiting no less than 91 cities across 51 countries and six continents before settling back in host-nation Russia in May.
Former French World Cup winner Christian Karembeu, former Pakistan's T20 World Cup winning skipper Younis Khan, singers Quratulain Baloch, Momina Mustehsan, actor Maya Ali and other top local figures brought the trophy on a special chartered flight from Thailand to Pakistan.
Here is the official picture tweeted by Coca-Cola:
The Coca-Cola Squad is ready to bring the FIFA Worldcup Trophy to Pakistan in just a few hours! Stay tuned for more updates! #ReadyFor #FootballWithCocaCola pic.twitter.com/fOwsq9tiAW — Coca-Cola Pakistan (@CokePk) February 3, 2018
The trophy will remain in Lahore for a day, where it will be put on public display at a park during an ongoing festival.
The current trophy was introduced in 1974, is made of 18-karat gold with a malachite base and stands 36.8 centimetres high and weighs 6.1 kilograms. The trophy depicts two human figures holding up the earth.
The FIFA World Cup Trophy Tour kicked off in September 2017 in Russia. During its journey across six continents, the trophy will travel 126,000 kilometres in the months leading up to the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
The FIFA World Cup will run from June 14 to July 15 this year.
loading...
FORT WORTH, Texas — Jarrett Culver scored 20 points with four 3-pointers, and No. 10 Texas Tech beat TCU 83-71 on Saturday for its fourth straight victory and a share of the Big 12 Conference lead.
Culver, Tech's hometown first-year student guard, made all of their 3s in the first half. That included consecutive baskets from beyond the arc in an 18-0 run that put the Red Raiders (19-4, 7-3 Big 12) firmly in control — even without top scorer Keenan Evans taking a shot in that stretch.
Evans still finished with 17 points and six assists , while Zhaire Smith had 12 points.
Desmond Bane's three-point play for TCU (16-7, 4-6) tied the game at 9 before the big run the next 4 minutes by Texas Tech, which started the second half of league play by matching Kansas atop the standings after the Jayhawks lost at home earlier Saturday against Oklahoma State.
Vladimir Brodziansky led TCU with 18 points, while Bane had 13. Kenrich Williams had 12 points and 13 rebounds.
Evans entered the game as Tech's top scorer, and second in the Big 12 behind Oklahoma first-year student Trae Young, at 18.6 points per game. Their first shot against TCU didn't come until there were 6 1/2 minutes left in the first half, and their first make 2 minutes later was a 3-pointer for a 37-18 lead.
The Red Raiders led 48-24 at halftime after Evans made a buzzer-beating jumper, just three days after their winning shot against Texas at the end of overtime.
BIG PICTURE
Texas Tech: The Red Raiders have already surpassed last year's win total of 18 with a month left in the regular season. They already have a win at Kansas, and host both the Jayhawks and No. 12 Oklahoma in February.
TCU: The Horned Frogs have alternated wins and losses for three straight weeks since starting point guard Jaylen Fisher's season-ending left knee injury. But they hadn't been outplayed like this all season. Their first six losses had been by a combined 19 points, an average of 3.2 per game.
Stronger consumption at home is seen as key to maintaining momentum, and achieving more progress toward the Bank of Japan's still distant 2% inflation goal. Photo: AP
Tokyo: Japan's second-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) data put the nation in an unexpected spot: at the top of the growth table among Group of Seven (G-7) advanced economies.
The strongest domestic demand in years helped drive Japanese GDP to a sixth consecutive quarter of expansion, elevating hopes for a sustainable recovery in an economy that's been better known in recent years for tepid inflation and a declining population than beating forecasts.
Stronger consumption at home is seen as key to maintaining momentum, and achieving more progress toward the Bank of Japan's still distant 2% inflation goal. Exports had been doing most of the heavy lifting as Japan's economy grew in recent quarters, but the figures for the three months through June show domestic demand was a bigger contributor to the 4% annualized growth.
“That makes Japan the fastest-growing economy in the G-7 this quarter by our reckoning and may restart the chatter about the BOJ's eventual QQE exit strategy,” Rob Carnell, chief economist for Asia at ING in Singapore, wrote in a research note. “This was not one of those fluky one-offs that was caused by a surge in inventories that will be worked down in coming quarters, or one of those random spikes caused by exports and imports growing out of sync.”
With Canada, Germany and Italy yet to release their second-quarter figures, Japan could be knocked off its pedestal, but consensus forecasts make it a clear leader for now. And it should be noted that the preliminary data from Japan's Cabinet Office is subject to revision, with recent experience indicating a modest downgrade is possible.
Japan's private consumption and business spending hit the highest levels since the first quarter of 2014, before a sales-tax increase in April of that year sent the economy into a long slump.
Private consumption adjusted for inflation, which accounts for about 57% of real GDP, gained 0.9% from the first quarter. Business spending advanced 2.4%. In current yen terms, the size of the economy rose to 545 trillion yen ($4.97 trillion).
So far, inflation has lagged behind growth, even amid the tightest labour market in decades. Consumer prices excluding fresh food rose 0.4% in June, a pace well below the BOJ's target.
“We are in this transition phase and we have just begun to see more convincing evidence that domestic demand is finally picking up,” Kathy Matsui, chief Japan strategist at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., said on Bloomberg TV after the GDP report. “I don't think that consumption would've been this strong had we not seen wages at least pick up to some degree.”
Business investment is also on the rise. Large companies across all industries plan to raise fixed investment by 8% for the year through March 2018, according to the BOJ's Tankan survey released in July.
A BOJ spending gauge is also pointing to a recovery. Its real consumption activity index stood at 105.2 in June this year, compared with a record high of 108.6 in March 2014, the month before the sales-tax increase. BOJ governor Haruhiko Kuroda has repeatedly said the labour shortage would push up wages and prices.
That's not happening much yet, and the weak inflation is still welcomed by consumers, according to Junichi Makino, chief economist at SMBC Nikko Securities Inc. “The fact that prices are not rising much is improving consumer sentiment,” Makino said.
The next test for the economy is for businesses to offer significant pay hikes, and for households to keep spending as consumer prices rise. Bloomberg
Enda Curran and Isaac Aquino also contributed to this story.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sky Sports pundit David Prutton is expecting Bristol City to drop points in their push for promotion as they travel to Bolton Wanderers tonight.
The Robins secured a vital 2-0 victory over QPR last time out despite losing Nathan Baker to a red card in the first half and they are now fifth in the Championship.
A victory for Lee Johnson's side would help close the gap on second place Derby County and Aston Villa who continue to rise.
Bolton sold their top scorer Gary Madine on the final day of the transfer window to Cardiff City but they added four new players including Zach Clough.
Prutton thinks that will make it tough for the Trotters, but they are still predicting a 1-1 draw with City being pegged back after Famara Diedhiou opened the scoring.
They write for Sky Sports: "Losing Gary Madine on Deadline Day was a massive blow for Bolton because he's been the difference for them on so many occasions this season. You wonder now whether they'll have the firepower to win games and stay in the Championship.
"Bristol City, meanwhile, got back to winning ways last week against QPR, which was very important for them as all their attentions are now on promotion. The table would suggest away win, but I think this will be a draw."
What time is kick off?
The match between Bolton Wanderers and Bristol City will kick off at 8pm on Friday, February 2.
Is the match on TV?
Yes, the game can be watched for live on Sky Sports Football with the coverage starting at 19.00pm.
The game will also be live for Sky customers that don't have Sky Sports, Sky Mix (channel 287) will also show the game for FREE.
Follow the Bristol Post's match blog for all the latest team news, updates and analysis from around 6pm.
Team news
Striker Matty Taylor will miss out as they undergo a hernia operation which will keep them out of action for around four weeks.
They join Frank Fielding (groin), defenders Eros Pisano (hamstring) and Jens Hegeler (knee), winger Callum O'Dowda (ankle) and striker Milan Djuric (groin) on the treatment table.
Veteran midfielder Gary O'Neil is back in full training following a long-term hamstring injury, but it is unlikely they will feature on Friday.
Nathan Baker serves the first match of their three-game suspension for the red card against QPR with Hodor Magnusson likely to come back into the side in their place.
The first photo of Renee Zellweger starring in Judy, the Judy Garland biopic, is here, and their resemblance to the titular Hollywood legend is unreal. The photo shows the actor in a pixie brunette wig, pink lipstick, and off-the-shoulder floral gown while singing at the mic.
Pathé
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Zellweger appears to be imitating the Garland performance pictured below, circa 1960. The late star similarly commanded the microphone and flaunted a sequined floral dress under the spotlight.
Getty Images
Judy follows Garland as they perform their final shows in London in 1968. The film picks up 30 years after the actor' Wizard of Oz success and finds them at a crossroads: she's fighting with management, starting a relationship with musician Mickey Deans (her fifth and last husband), and haunted by "memories of a childhood lost to Hollywood and a desire to be back home with their kids," according to The Hollywood Reporter. But fear not, Oz fans, some of Garland's best-known songs are included in the film—including "Somewhere Over the Rainbow."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Zellweger was first reported portraying Garland in the film in October 2017. This won't be the actor' first time singing onscreen; she's previously shown off their pipes in films like Chicago (2002) and My Own Love Song (2010).
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The film began production today, but no premiere date is set yet. Rupert Goold (King Charles III) is directing and The Crown writer Tom Edge wrote the script. Zellweger's costars include Jessie Buckley (War and Peace), Finn Wittrock (American Horror Story) and Michael Gambon (Harry Potter).
ROCKY MOUNT, Va.- - Starting on April 7, Sue Gallagher will spend their days on open waters. They came up with the idea of Kayaking Smith Mountain Lake For Kids' Sake to raise awareness for children and families impacted by abuse and neglect.
You can help by buying a colorful pinwheel.
"When you give $100, you get a pinwheel. You give $500 they get this huge pinwheel lawn ornament. And people keep saying, 'I need my pinwheel' and they give a check.," said Gallagher.
Gallagher is a court appointed special advocate for children involved in the judicial center for the Southern Virginia Child Advocacy Center. Them work is challenging and rewarding.
"When an 8-year-old boy writes a thank-you note and says 'I hope the other children who get you as a CASA appreciates you as much as I do, 'then I know I made a difference," said Gallagher.
Part of their journey will include kayaking 500 miles around the lake. She's hoping that will help to bring in more volunteers to benefit the center.
The center is in desperate need of volunteers to serve children in the area.
"We went down to 28 volunteers, from 32 volunteers. And that doesn't sound like a big loss but it is when our numbers for referrals have increased," said Joyce Moran, executive officer.
And the center wants to do whatever it takes to meet the needs of the community. Gallagher will be kayaking 10-12 miles a day for the organization.
According to a press release: Gallagher will launch their kayak from the dock at Smith Mountain Lake Community Park, 1482 Parkway Avenue, Moneta, VA 24121, on Saturday, April 7, at 9 a.m. The public is invited to attend the celebration for the start of Gallagher's odyssey.
Supporters can follow their progress on their journey's Facebook page at , and can make donations, too, either through the Facebook page, or by mailing checks, made payable to Southern Virginia CAC, to Southern Virginia Child Advocacy Center, 300 South Main Street, Rocky Mount, VA 24151.
For more information on the Southern Virginia Child Advocacy Center, visit http://www.southernvacac.org
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Messages and tributes left at a mural to Savita Halappanavar, on Camden Street in Dublin, Ireland, during the Irish referendum on liberalizing the abortion law. Photo: AFP
On 28 October 2012, 31-year-old Savita Halappanavar died in a hospital in Ireland because they were denied an abortion that was critical to save their lives. Halappanavar was 17 weeks pregnant when they began to experience pain and internal bleeding. Them pregnancy had become unviable, a miscarriage was inevitable and their life was at serious risk. Yet, despite repeated pleas from their family, doctors did not intervene to save them
In 2012, abortion was illegal in Ireland, a Catholic country. Termination of pregnancy was allowed when the pregnant woman's life was at risk, but there was complete legal uncertainty about the precise circumstances in which this exception could apply. Halappanavar was allowed to die of ruptured membranes and septic shock to honour an outdated law that claimed to be pro-life.
Four years before Halappanavar died, I was pregnant with our third baby. In my second trimester, when I was trying to pack our bags to travel to my husband's family home in a village in east Uttar Pradesh, I knew that I was not well.
“I have no energy,” I told my friend Shefali over the phone. “I cannot even go to the kitchen and eat something when I feel hungry.”
“Cancel the trip,” they said, “you can't go like this.”
“I can't,” I said. “I have to go.”
In the bathroom, I noticed that my urine had become very dark. I didn't stop to think about it.
As my condition deteriorated in the village, blood and urine test results led to a diagnosis of jaundice. I called my gynaecologist. They were in Jammu because their own mother was critically ill. They told me to lie down. They said, “Just stop moving around completely and lie down in bed. Find a way to get back to Delhi as soon as possible. Get an opinion from a GP for medication for jaundice. Don't walk, don't even stand. Lie down.”
I went to our room and lay down. I sent text messages to Shefali and Manish, my younger brother. They called my mother, who spoke to my elder brother, a doctor based in San Francisco. I also had a condition called cholestatis that caused extreme itching. It felt like my body was on fire. I would draw blood on my arms and legs every day. As the bilirubin levels continued to rise in my bloodstream, I would slip in and out of deep, dark sleep and be unable to open my eyes even when I felt I was awake.
I was put on a glucose drip as I lay in bed. Our two children were five and three years old. They would come into my room and see the stand with the glucose bottle first, then me smiling feebly from behind it. They would run out quickly.
My sister-in-law sat with me all the time—talking, smiling, consoling me. Hadeesun, a friend of the family, massaged me. I fantasized about how I would help them after I had recovered. How I would remain eternally grateful to them.
One afternoon, I spoke to my husband, Afzal. I told them that if I began to sink and it became an emergency, I wanted them to save me first. “I'm not afraid to die, but I want to live for my daughters,” I said from behind the haze of fatigue and medication. They smiled and tried to crack a weak joke.
My elder brother spoke to their colleagues and read up on high bilirubin levels in pregnancy. They raised alarms. “Airlift them out of there,” they said. Afzal suggested that a train journey might be more relaxing. “No, no,” Bhai said, “in case they begin to go into coma on a night train, you will not be able to rescue her.”
At the Varanasi airport, I tried to seem as normal as possible so that our children felt safe with me. Afzal dealt with tickets, luggage and boarding passes. We went straight to my parents' home and then to hospital when we reached Delhi.
When I read about jaundice+cholestasis+pregnancy on the internet now, there are many possibilities of cause and effect that explain what was happening to me. At that time, none of my doctors was able to connect the dots for us. They told me to be prepared to terminate the pregnancy if my medical tests didn't come out right. I imagined that I would be devastated, that it would take me years to recover from the loss of this child in my womb.
After another month of being on the brink, eventually both my pregnancy and I began to stabilize. The baby began to kick around a lot in my belly. Then they were born. Small, but perfect. And very hungry. They looked around for their sisters.
When I read the news of Halappanavar's plea for an emergency abortion, I followed their story with horror and rage. How could a woman's life be treated so callously despite the privilege of their circumstances? What kind of world refuses to rescue them and punishes them with death to maintain its own moral high ground?
Six years after their death, Halappanavar was in the news again last week. In a historic referendum, 66.4% of voters opted to liberalize the highly restrictive abortion laws of Ireland that had led to Halappanavar's premature death. A video shared widely on social media showed thousands of Irish women chanting their name victoriously. “Savita, Savita, Savita…”
“No more stigma. The veil of secrecy is lifted. No more isolation. The burden of shame is gone,” said Ireland's Prime Minister, Leo Varadkar. Like Halappanavar, Varadkar is also of Indian origin—the son of an Indian doctor and an Irish nurse.
All women know that it isn't just laws that isolate and stigmatize those who choose to seek abortions. Societies all over the world deny the legitimacy of this need. In their most vulnerable time, women themselves abandoned, forced into secrecy and deeply dangerous situations.
Take any group of adults, give them a safe space to share their experiences, and stories of voluntary abortions done simply because the pregnancy was not at a convenient time will come tumbling out. It was too early or too late, or the gap between children wasn't enough. More than once, I have stood outside operation theatres in hospitals waiting for a friend to be wheeled out after the termination of their pregnancy. A study by The Lancet Global Health journal estimates that almost 80% of the estimated 15.6 million abortions in India in 2015 took place outside medical facilities, creating serious medical risks for the pregnant woman.
A pregnancy is not a woman's responsibility and burden alone. When they want to take a decision about it, they have every right over their own body and life choices. When they need support, the rest of their world needs to step up. It really is time for the conversation about abortion to come out in the open. No more shame. No more callousness.
Natasha Badhwar is a film-maker, media trainer and author of the book My Daughters' Mum.
They tweet at @natashabadhwar
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday defended their government on the changes made to the Goods and Services Tax saying that the alterations have been made as promised. "We had said we will study all aspects relating to GST for 3 months, including the shortcomings. And thus, the decisions were taken with consensus at the GST council," they said in a speech during their two-day trip to Gujarat.
Applauding their government, the PM asserted that Diwali had come early for people due to the decisions taken in the GST Council. "On Friday our government addressed the concerns regarding Goods and Services Tax (GST), and announced a slew of measures to ease the concerns of traders, exporters and small businesses," they said.
Confident of the faith that people have in the government, Modi said that when there is trust in a government and when policies are made with the best intentions, it is natural that people will support for the best interests of the nation.
On Friday, sweeping changes were made to the new indirect tax regime with major relief being given to small and medium businesses on filing and payment of taxes. The council has also eased rules for exporters and cut tax rates on more than two dozen items including unbranded namkeen, unbranded ayurvedic medicine, sliced dried mango and khakra.
During their two-day visit to Gujarat that began on Saturday, they went to offer prayers at the famous Dwarkadhish temple in the morning.
They will also be laying foundation stones and inaugurate a number of projects in their trip to poll-bound Gujarat.  They are also scheduled to visit their birthplace Vadnagar for the first time after becoming the Prime Minister.
Charlton extended their unbeaten run to three matches with a comfortable 3-0 victory over Gillingham on Easter Monday.
First-half goals by Jason Pearce and Ricky Holmes were added to by Josh Magennis after the break.
And Gillingham's frankly woeful finishing was a big factor in the Addicks keeping their first clean sheet since January 14.
Charlton were clapped both at half-time and the full-time whistle – there was none of the animosity often pouring down from the stands this season – as Jay Dasilva performed the obligatory tunnel jump.
Charlton missed a good chance when Dasilva's cross found an unmarked Jake Forster-Caskey just six minutes in, but the midfielder planted their header wastefully across the face of goal.
But a far more emphatic finish was provided by Pearce on 20 minutes. Ricky Holmes swung in the corner from the right and the centre-back met it powerfully to open their account for the Addicks.
Gillingham keeper Tomas Holy managed to redirect to save Josh Magennis' free-kick which had clipped off the defensive wall. But they had no such chance with Holmes' 11th goal of the campaign.
Dasilva had produced a fine solo run which was halted illegally by Max Ehmer, who collected a booking. The former Northampton winger stepped up to produce yet another fine finish from 20 yards out.
If only all the signings this summer had produced such value for money as Holmes.
And it was Holmes who had a big part in Charlton's third goal. They produced a run from right to left which looked to be heading nowhere until they cut it back for Jordan Botaka to lay on the chance for Magennis.
Magennis produced a right-footed effort just past the right upright.
Gillingham got into good positions on a number of occasions but Cody McDonald was one of the big offenders in not even managing to hit the target.
NEW YORK — Quinton Adlesh scored 17 of their 20 points in the second half when Columbia charged back to hand Harvard its first Ivy League loss, 83-76, Friday night.
Adlesh made four of their five 3-pointers in the second half. Lukas Meisner added their third career double-double with 16 points and 10 rebounds. Kyle Castlin and Mike Smith also scored 16 points, with Smith getting 14 in the second half. Patrick Tape added 10 points for the Lions (5-13, 2-3).
The Crimson (10-11, 4-1) led the entire game until the Lions rattled off a 20-3 run with Adlesh scoring eight points to lead 58-49 with 12:26 left. Columbia kept the lead with Castlin sinking four free throws and Smith two in the final 1:07. Columbia shot 60 per cent in the second half and 54 per cent for the game with 11 3-pointers.
Seth Towns scored a career-high 31 points for Harvard with six of the Crimson's 16 3-pointers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ANKENY, Iowa – A man's selfless deed for a veteran at an Iowa Walmart store has been shared thousands of times after it moved one shopper to post on their Facebook page.
Alana Ruthann wrote that they were looking at their phone while waiting to check out Saturday, "absorbed in my own world of technology," when they saw a beautiful exchange between two men ahead of them
A young man told an older man wearing a hat indicating they were a military veteran, “Sir, I'm paying for your items because you paid by serving my country and I'm grateful for you.”
Alana Ruthann wrote that the older man was caught off guard by the gesture and struggled to hold their emotions in. The young man quickly paid for the items and thanked the veteran once more before leaving.
The veteran seemed at a loss and asked the cashier what they should do now, and they replied with a smile “You have a good day!”
"It was that moment I realized I had TWO heroes in line in-front of me," Ruthann wrote. "My heart welled as I watched our veteran readjust their Veteran ball cap, straighten up, and hold their head with pride as they walked out knowing someone was grateful for him."
Pointless star Richard Osman has said they hope the BBC quiz show continues for many years, but that they understand there is a "shelf life" for most television programmes.
The TV producer and quiz show aficionado said they are "naturally pessimistic" and fears the popular show will run its course.
Along with presenter Alexander Armstrong, Osman has helmed the tricky teatime quiz show since 2009, and they have so far filmed more than 1,000 episodes of its original version and spin-off Pointless Celebrities.
Asked if they hope the programme continues for many years, Osman told the Press Association: "I hope so, my day job is a producer so I know what the shelf life of TV shows are.
"I've worked on so many over the years, and most of them don't go on for as long as Pointless - we've done a lot.
"And so I'm always on the lookout for when it's going to end, because I'm naturally pessimistic, and Xander is naturally optimistic."
They said they and their co-star "always said if it comes off-air it won't be because of us, we'll do it forever because we're so grateful to it, and we love it".
Osman, who co-created the show and is the creative director of its production company Endemol UK, added: "I'm aware it's television and at some point, you have to ring the changes and you have to think of something new and one day they will, I know that - but we're about to film another 200 shows!"
Osman has also said that they hope their new book The World Cup Of Everything - in which they prompt people to debate about things such as the best crisps, biscuits, animals and sitcoms - has people arguing about trivial topics, rather than subjects such as Brexit.
Based on their Twitter World Cup polls, one of the most popular of which was the World Cup of Biscuits for Comic Relief earlier this year, the book encourages readers to whittle down different items in a World Cup-style league table.
They joked that it could cause serious tension among families and friends as they battle it out over their favourite things, and that they are expecting lots of angry responses on Twitter.
Osman said: "It's going to get crazy. But this is the way I look at it - with your family, you're going to argue with them anyway... you're going to argue about something.
"You're either going to argue about Brexit or the fact your dad doesn't like your boyfriend... or you could argue whether Monster Munch pickled onion are the best crisps.
"I'm essentially taking the flak away from the normal arguments you have with your family and putting them somewhere else."
They said: "I know on Boxing Day my Twitter feed is going to be full of people saying 'how dare you?' or saying 'why is this up against that?' - it'll be carnage.
"But that means people are enjoying it and that's really the point of it. People love this sort of outrage they're allowed to have."
Osman added they are still surprised at how much attention their World Cup polls receive on Twitter, but that they are pleased to have tapped into the nation's psyche.
They said the popularity of the polls enables them to raise money for charity Child's i Foundation, which helps displaced children in Uganda.
TORONTO — Commissioner Randy Ambrosie is encouraging CFL players to have off-season jobs.
Ambrosie made the comment in an interview posted on the CFL's website Friday.
Last month, running back James Wilder Jr. and defensive lineman Victor Butler expressed frustration that the Toronto Argonauts wouldn't allow them to pursue more lucrative NFL opportunities this off-season.
Both players signed two-year deals with Toronto prior to the 2017 season.
On Thursday, Ambrosie issued a statement saying "players are required to honour their contracts as they are registered with the league."
Ambrosie said they had off-season jobs during their nine-year CFL career as an offensive lineman with Calgary, Edmonton and Toronto (1985-93).
Ambrosie added that's an advantage to a player because it sets up a potential post-football career.
© Strategic Culture Foundation
to include confronting international terrorism, stabilizing Syria and other parts of the world that are in turmoil, and preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons. In spite of all that, the US and Russia are currently locked in a tit-for-tat unfriendly relationship somewhat reminiscent of the Cold War.Apart from search for a scapegoat to explain the Hillary Clinton defeat, how did it happen? Israel Shamir, a keen observer of the American-Russian relationship, and celebrated American journalist Robert Parry both think thatBrowder is also symptomatic of why the United States government is so poorly informed about international developments asHe has somehow emerged as a trusted source in spite of the fact thatAlso ignored is their renunciation of American citizenship in 1998, reportedly to avoid taxes.which exploited Congressional willingness to demonize Russia and has done so much to poison relations between Washington and Moscow. The Act sanctioned individual Russian officials, which Moscow has rightly seen as unwarranted interference in the operation of its judicial system.Browder, a media favorite whoportrays themselves as a selfless human rights advocate, but is he?He claims that their accountant Sergei Magnitsky was a crusading "lawyer" who discovered a $230 million tax-fraud scheme that involved the Browder business interest Hermitage Capital but was, in fact, engineered by corrupt Russian police officers who arrested Magnitsky and enabled their death in a Russian jail.Many have been skeptical of the Browder narrative, suspecting thatA Russian court recently supported that alternative narrative, ruling in late December thatOn December 16th Senator Diane Feinstein of the Senate Judiciary Committee released the transcript of the testimony provided by Glenn Simpson, founder of Fusion GPS. According to James Carden, but the repeated citations apparently did not merit inclusion in media coverage of the story by the New York Times, Washington Post and Politico.Fusion GPS, which was involved in the research producing the Steele Dossier used to [falsely] discredit Donald Trump, was also retained to provide investigative services relating toSimmons maintained that Browder proved to be somewhat evasive and their accounts of their activities were inconsistent. They claimed never to visit the United States and not own property or do business there, all of which were untrue, to include their ownership through a shell company of a $10 million house in Aspen Colorado. They repeatedly ran away , literally, from attempts to subpoena them so they would have to testify under oath.Per Simmons, in Russia,suggesting that they were likely one of many corrupt business people operating in what was a wild west business environment. My question is,Israel Shamir reports that
Firefighters get all the glory. They drive colossal red trucks complete with 20 foot ladders, they wear macho uniform and helmets and, most importantly, they are always ripped as hell. Since we can't get the firetruck, we thought we'd see if we could get a hint of that ripped physique. We spoke to the professions at the The Fire Service College as part of Deepwater Horizon's release, and according to them it's possible without having to spend a single penny on a gym membership or protein shakes. (ALSO READ The only gym you need is a staircase)
What are the physical requirements of a firefighter?
According to the firefighters we spoke to, the main requirements are stamina (to carry out a detailed search of a smoke-filled building), strength (to carry bulky fire service equipment or pitch heavy ladders), endurance (to run out lines of hoses over long distances or drag unconscious people to safety from buildings) and flexibility (to work for long periods in confined spaces such as tunnels) – all of which need to be at an extremely high standard in order to pass the six National Firefighter Physical Tests.
How can candidates get in shape and ace these tests?
The answer lies in calisthenics, otherwise known as body weight fitness training a form of exercise which doesn't need any apparatus or equipment. Fortunately, you won't need a gym membership or expensive equipment, and best of all you can complete a comprehensive workout which hits all muscles in around 20 minutes. “Crabbing” will certainly help improve your strength, endurance, flexibility and stamina. “Otherwise known as “the bridge” this routine consists of you lying on your back and then pushing off the ground so your back arches and your hands and feet are supporting your whole body, thus working every muscle of the body and greatly improving flexibility. It requires strength to push off the ground and as you hold the position for longer, the endurance in your muscles will improve,” according to Robert Whittington, Senior Training Manager at the College.
How to crab:
1. Stretch well. Avoid injury by taking 15 minutes to stretch your back, wrists and ankles.
2. Build up by doing a shoulder bridge. Lie on your back with your knees bent and feet flat on the floor quite close to your hips. Slowly lift your hips, lower back and rib cage off the floor, keeping your head and shoulders firmly planted. Hold this position for 30 seconds then lower your body back down
3. For the full crab, resume the shoulder bridge position. Bring your hands behind your ears (fingers pointing towards your toes and palms flat) and push the palms of your hands, keeping your heels grounded. Give your glutes a squeeze and lift your head, shoulders and hips off the ground.
4. Once up, push your hips as high as you can. Straighten your arms to its full stretch capacity and hold for 20-30 seconds.
5. Resume a flat position. To lower yourself, first bring your chin towards your chest, bend your arms and make sure the back of your head and neck are on the ground first. Roll the rest of your spine down slowly.
(NOW READ If you can't do these exercises you aren't fit)
> More on Fitness
This story originally appeared in gq-magazine.co.uk
Up Next: Behind the ramp | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
"USC is a lot of people's Super Bowl, especially a team like Oregon State, so we just got to stick to what we do," USC safety Chris Hawkins said.
Here are some things to watch as the Trojans and Beavers meet for the first time since 2014:
DARNOLD'S DOLDRUMS: Darnold threw for 164 yards against Washington State, their lowest total as a starter. Some of that can be attributed to an offensive line playing most of the game without three starters and facing a strong Washington State pass rush. Plus there's been turnover at wide receiver. Darnold will have reinforcements in both areas as left tackle Toa Lobendahn and wide receiver Steven Mitchell Jr. will return to the lineup this week. Lobendahn didn't play at Washington State due to a skin infection that required intravenous antibiotics. Mitchell has missed the last two games with a groin injury.
LA COLISEUM: Oregon State hasn't beaten USC in Los Angeles since 1960 and has lost 23 straight games at the Coliseum. Only five of those games have been decided by one possession, while USC has been ranked in the Top 25 in all but six of those meetings.
TYNER TIME: With Nall's status in doubt, senior running back Thomas Tyner could be in line for their most significant workload since playing for in-state rival Oregon against Ohio State in the 2015 national championship game. Tyner medically retired from the Ducks after shoulder surgery sidelined them for the 2015 season before transferring to Oregon State in May. A former five-star recruit, Tyner has rushed for 72 yards and one touchdown on 15 carries in three games this season. During two seasons at Oregon, Tyner rushed for 1,284 yards and 14 touchdowns, including 124 yards and two touchdowns in the 2015 Rose Bowl win over Florida State.
MISCUES: Oregon State has turned the ball over 14 times this season, the second-worst total in the FBS ahead of only San Jose State. Even worse, opponents have turned those four interceptions and 10 fumbles lost into 79 points (10 touchdowns, three field goals). The only time Oregon State hasn't allowed a score after turning the ball over came last week against the Huskies, when safety David Morris intercepted a pass to get the ball back after running back Artavis Pierce fumbled.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Dan Greenspan, The Associated Press
We've got Chhetri, Sunil Chhetri... I just don't think you understand
Sunil Chhetri may not be perfect... but they are ours. And we are his.
@animenon19 by Anirudh Menon Tribute 14 Jun 2017, 21:40 IST
As I walked home yesterday, singing and screaming with my mates in an ersatz tribute to the best traditions of the land that invented the game we all love, I knew that I had to write about him… the player who scored the goal that won us the match, the man we spent an hour and a half shouting ourselves hoarse for.
Yesterday night had been all about him.
Him. Our captain. Our leader. Our legend.
As with most of my tributes, I tried to find an appropriate poem or quote to build the piece around – a central tenet upon which the entire shebang can be constructed. I spent all night digging through whatever little literary knowledge I have, sifting through the innumerable inspirational words that float around the interwebs. Walt Whitman's immortal “O Captain! My Captain!” was the obvious choice - a soul-rending cry of belief, love, and devotion to a leader – that is, after all, everything they inspire in us – but it didn't feel... how do you put it... correct.
20 odd hours after the search began, I'm giving up.
None of those words, grand as they are, fully capture the emotion and the pure release of adrenaline that filled the Bengaluru air yesterday. It was a mixture of euphoria, relief, and plain ol' joy... a mixture that defied description.
Besides, it feels a bit like taking the easy way out, hiding behind the comfort of powerful words that have been penned down by masters of yore. There is, of course, a time and place for it, but this doesn't feel like one of those moments.
You see, India didn't do anything the easy way yesterday.
As a team, we were anything but great – our short passing game bordered on the non-existent, the midfield was bypassed too often in favour of pumping long balls toward strikers who were at the very least half-a-foot shorter than their markers and our defence... oh, our defence. Too often, the Kyrgyz attack walked into the Indian penalty box with an ease that bordered on the absurd and were it not for some brilliant last-ditch tackles and lackadaisical finishing on the part of the visitors the mood at the end of the night might have been completely different.
The collective failing of the team at times, the outdated tactics on show (why Stephen Constantine insists on playing a flat 4-4-2 with players not suited to the system in any way is something only he'll ever understand), the need to get a team identity going – Ah! there's so much to address, so much to work to do, but all that serves merely to amplify the efforts of those who took to the field yesterday.
Pritam Kotal and Narayan Das put in handy shifts on the flanks whilst Jakichand Singh and Hollicharan Narzary did likewise ahead of them – running gamely all night long. Rowllin Borges and Eugeneson Lyngdoh flitted in and out of the game and so did Borges' replacement Mohammed Rafique.
Jeje Lalpekhlua was outstanding, bearing the brunt of the aerial bullying by the Kyrgyz centre-backs without ever backing down; running and running till their legs gave out, relentless in their pursuit to stretch the game.
The sight of Sandesh Jhingan, bearded and long-haired, flying into tackles is the reason adrenal glands were created and Anas Edathodika had the kind of match that reinforces people's beliefs that they are the best centre-back in the nation. Gurpreet Singh Sandhu was simply immense, a giant of a man whose rise through the footballing ranks has been nothing short of spectacular.
And then, there was him.
Our captain.
Every time they touched the ball it felt like something would happen like they could wave away all our defects, all our failings, with one waft of their right foot... and when the clock struck 68:01, that's exactly what they did.
When they took the ball to feet, they were around ten yards in front of their own box. They used their underrated upper-body strength to take the ball past a sliding Israilov Akhlidin... as they leapt over the prone midfielder it looked like their touch had been too heavy. The massive figure of Tamirlan Kozubaev came careening in and should, by all rights, have gotten the ball, but they were having none of that.
With a sublime touch, they moved the ball off its path and beyond Kozubaev before rounding them on the other side in one smooth motion. As they did so, Dulshobekov Baktylar had taken flight to put in the third desperate tackle in five seconds on the little man but that was ignored with a casual arrogance that spoke to the very roots of the hairs on the back of our necks.
There is a primal arrogance to the man that we cannot fully appreciate until we see them in action. It's an arrogance that comes with the supreme self-belief that they are the best player on the pitch. And that if they get going, they aren't going to be stopped. When he'd got the ball initially, he'd taken it off the toes of Mohammed Rafique without hesitation – the Bengali veteran, in turn, had allowed them to do so whilst displaying the air of a man who simply states “All yours, big man” when their leader comes around. When they had set out on their baroque run, he'd got going right through the middle of the park... there's an inimitable beauty to the solo dribble, but when it's done through the middle rather than the flanks... well... it's the kind of thing that makes people write paeans to your deeds.
As they side-stepped that Baktylar lunge, they swept the ball forward to Lalpekhlua and kept moving forward, trusting their teammate and fully certain of what was coming next. Lalpekhlua stopped the ball dead, drew Mamybekov Amanbek toward them before chipping in a magnificent pass right onto their captain's path. Without breaking their stride, they simply ignored the pressure Maler Viktor was desperately trying to exert on them and smashed the ball - on the volley - low and hard to the helpless Matiash Pavel's right.
RT if this video was the first thing you searched for this morning. #INDvKGZ #BackTheBlue #CaptainFantastic pic.twitter.com/iPxjYMyzfn — Bengaluru FC (@bengalurufc) June 14, 2017
It was beautiful.
We lost it. Utterly, completely, totally lost it. When we finally settled after what felt like an eternity of simply screaming in joy, the air was torn apart as we filled it with their name.... “CHHETRI! CHHETRI! CHHETRI!”.
Our captain had done it again. Sunil Chhetri had done it again.
The goosebumps on my arm still refuse to go away.
Robert McKee once wrote: “True character is revealed in the choices a human being makes under pressure - the greater the pressure, the deeper the revelation, the truer the choice to the character's essential nature.” If that is true, then there isn't a stronger character in football than Sunil Chhetri. The harder things get, the more the crowds and their own team look toward them to deliver, the more pressure that gets heaped on their shoulders – the better they perform. It's not just the goal scoring, it's the get-everyone-to-the-finish determination, it's the confidence they inspire in everyone.
 They are our hero, our captain, our leader... our legend.
Their goal came at a time when India had been put under the cosh by the Kyrgyz Republic, when their team had quite literally been squeezed back to the edge of their own penalty box. They stepped up, as always, when India needed them the most. Their 54th goal (in just 94 games for India) was perhaps the sweetest of them all – it's put the nation at the doorstep of the AFC Asian Cup.
For Indian football, the road is long, dark, and promises to be filled with innumerable obstacles... we are a long, long, way from becoming even a half-decent team... but we have our solace: the faint light that inspires hope... a hope that allows men to plunge into the darkness with nary a doubt, nary a moment's hesitation. Like the West Block sings week-in and week-out, “We've got Chhetri, Sunil Chhetri... I just don't think you understand. Oh! when they score, we go f***ing mad... We've got Sunil Chhetri”.
He's not perfect, he's not the greatest footballer you'll see, they don't play for the “best” team in the world... but he's ours.
And we are his.
We've got Chhetri...
F*** yes!
PLAINFIELD, Conn. (WTNH) — A 24-year-old Plainfield resident has been arrested in a narcotics bust.
On Tuesday, police executed a search warrant at a home on North Chestnut Street in the Wauregan Village of Plainfield. Police say during the search, they found several bags of heroin, marijuana and other narcotic-related substances and paraphernalia.
Plainfield police's investigation began when they saw a car parked illegally, creating a traffic hazard on North Chestnut Street, occupied by 24-year-old Zachary Holden of Moosup.
Police say while they were speaking with Holden and the female resident at the North Chestnut Street home, they saw several narcotics-related items on the steps and smelled marijuana coming from inside the home. Holden was also, police say, in possession of multiple bags of heroin. Holden was arrested and charged with possession of heroin.
Additional arrests related to the sale and possession of narcotics from the North Chestnut Street home are expected.
Nadine Bryant McMillon has received the inaugural Rosemary Fuller Award.
The Village of Palmetto Bay's Education Advisory Board presented the award to McMillon on Nov. 9 at the Village's 15th Anniversary State of the Village Address event.
The late Rosemary Fuller was a longtime principal at Palmetto Bay's Perrine Elementary, which is now Dr. Henry E. Perrine Academy of the Arts, and was considered a fixture in the community, according to Diane Quick, Education Advisory Board's chair.
“The Rosemary Fuller Award was conceived as an opportunity to honor their dedication to the students of our community by recognizing someone who embodies this spirit of giving,” Quick said. “Ms. Nadine Bryant McMillon was the Education Advisory Board's unanimous choice.
“Ms. McMillon is currently serving as the president of the Parent Teacher Association [PTA] at Dr. Henry E. Perrine Academy of the Arts. What makes this so extraordinary is that they do so in their capacity as a grandmother of current Perrine students,” Quick added.
McMillon previously served as PTA president when their now grown children were in public school, so they have been serving local PTAs for two decades with no apparent plans to stop.
This is viewed as a benefit for the Dr. Henry E. Perrine Academy of the Arts community. Them resume extends beyond PTA involvement; they have served a number of political, community, religious and educational organizations.
Greg Zawyer, a veteran principal, public school advocate and Education Advisory Board member, had nothing but praise for McMillon.
“There are no words to properly describe Nadine, who has always been involved in education in Miami-Dade County Public Schools,” Zawyer said. “She is a very humble person who has given their heart to each child at every school they have volunteered at for over 20 years.
They love all children and finds a way to assist their needs.”
McMillon was accompanied by their husband, children and grandchildren and the school's principal, Carla Rivas. Also present at the recognition were School Board District 9 member Dr. Larry Feldman, Mayor Eugene Flinn, Councilmember Karyn Cunningham and members of the Education Advisory Board: Diane Quick, Greg Zawyer, Erica Watts and Tania Marrero.
McMillon said they were deeply touched by the recognition and very appreciative.
“When I found out that I was recommended and receiving the Rosemary Fuller award, it was overwhelming,” McMillon said. “I did not know Mrs. Fuller personally, however I had heard of their community work. To be a recipient is very humbling and an honor. To be awarded the first award is a high honor for me.”
And you thought your college exams were tough.
Jill Mater, a graduating Fanshawe student who studied at the Woodstock/Oxford regional campus, capped off their exam season with the ultimate test — they gave birth Thursday, a day after completing their final exam.
Emma Mater was born at 7:46 p.m. Thursday and was welcomed by their soon-to-graduate mother and Jill's husband, Andrew.
The bonus baby weighed in at five pounds, 10 ounces and was born at Woodstock General Hospital.
“The baby is offering no comment,” joked Eric Collins, the campus's student-engagement specialist.
Jill was “very pregnant” while completing their studies in the health-care office assistant program, Fanshawe College said in a statement Friday. The program is part of the school's new MyPath offerings.
“Jill entered the program after the recent Siemens Canada plant closure in Tillsonburg left them and Andrew unemployed and looking for options. Pending final grades, Jill is expected to be a member of the first MyPath graduating class,” the school said in its statement.
“We were truly proud to receive such a joyous announcement with a major connection to our campus,” Collins added.
“Rest assured, Emma's recruitment for fall 2036 is well underway.”
danbrown@postmedia.com
Follow @DanatLFPress
Steve Kerr's public battle with health issues related to the back surgery they had two years ago was a huge talking point during the NBA playoffs. The Golden State Warriors head coach missed 11 playoff games, while Mike brown filled in ably for him. Now, in the aftermath of their second championship in three years, Kerr says they want to coach the Warriors “for a long time.”
Kerr went on Zach Lowe's podcast on Wednesday, and while they didn't address their health directly, they told Lowe they planned on being around for a while. Kerr's basic premise was that the Warriors have something special and they don't want to miss out on being a part of that.
Here's what they had to say:
“This kind of stuff happens very rarely in the NBA where you get a group of players this talented who are together in their primes. It's so rare I know exactly how lucky I am. “I love it, I love the group, I love coaching them every day, and this is what I want to do for a long time. That's the plan, so I just got to keep pushing forward.”
Kerr has suffered from migraines and nausea in the aftermath of back surgery they underwent two summers ago. They didn't indicate whether or not their symptoms have abated, but they did return to the sidelines for the final four games of the NBA Finals. Still, as I've pointed out before, Kerr didn't look great after they came back.
If this is what Kerr wants and they feel like he's back to being fully healthy, then great, that's exactly what they should do. But if there's any doubt about their long-term health they should take a step back and focus on getting better.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lying in their hospital bed, their tiny body connected to breathing apparatus, the sight of six-week-old baby Maya is a heart-wrenching one.
While the little fighter is now on the road to recovery, the last three days have been utterly terrifying for them parents.
So much so, their mum, Beth, wants to issue an urgent warning to other parents of babies and young children.
When Beth, 21, from Stourbridge took Maya to the doctor's a week ago for eye-drops, their breathing had been fine. By Saturday, however, their condition had deteriorated drastically.
"Please be aware of bronchiolitis this winter."
"It's so easily missed and so bloody dangerous," they wrote in an impassioned Facebook post.
"It had started with a nasty cough and normal symptoms," Beth later told Mirror Online.
(Image: Facebook)
"Which quickly changed when their breathing started to rapidly get faster. Then the coughing fits started and they turned purple through lack of breath.
"Other than that there are no more symptoms. This is why its so scary."
Things took a frightening turn for the worse at a Christmas party on Saturday when one coughing fit lead to Maya going purple for 15 long seconds.
Beth called 111 and managed to get an out-of-hours appointment with the doctor, who immediately sent them to hospital.
"Myah was using muscles in their tummy to help them to breath that they shouldn't even be using to breathe," Beth explains.
"I've never seen a baby's tummy pumping so fast fighting for the breaths, and I've never been so scared."
The hospital visit is not something Beth is likely to ever forget.
"When my baby girl was struggling to get their breaths and even the nurses were panicking, that's when I just burst into tears.
(Image: Facebook)
"Then they started to hook them up to all the machines. Within 20 minutes they were moved to the high dependency unit as they aren't responding to the low level of oxygen.
"She had to have a feeding tube to enable them to have some kind of small feed. I had never felt fright and fear like it and I've never felt so scared and helpless."
A common disease in infancy, bronchiolitis shares most of its symptoms with that of the common cold.
It's because of this Beth feels moved make other parents aware of them.
"You know if something isn't right," they add, "you know when they need to be checked. Just because a doctor one day says the child is fine and theres nothing to worry about, doesn't mean the next day that things could have changed.
"Bronchiolitis changes the child within hours, it can go from a snuffly nose to almost being unconscious within hours so always trust your instinct.
(Image: Facebook)
"Listen to yourself and if ever you're unsure just get your child checked. Never think you're wasting anyone's time. It's better to be safe than sorry.
"If Myah had had stayed struggling for their breaths for much longer it's almost a definite that their breathing would have stopped for a short amount of time.
"This can then lead to further complications. We are so lucky they have progressed in the way they have. And so grateful for all the good wishes and support with trying to raise awareness."
Add an award-winning international guitarist to two award-winning international violinists and you might expect a memorable concert, writes Ken Geddes.
And a recent Wednesday night's Clitheroe Concerts Society with Retoric Plus will be remembered by the audience for a very long time.
Harriet Mackenzie and Philippa Mo met at the Royal Academy of Music and eventually formed the violin duo Retorica in 2010. David Matthews, the British composer, said “both are exceptional young violinists; together they have an instinctive rapport which makes them one of the most exciting duos around”.
They have been awarded the Fellowship of the RAM for Services to Music. Martin Fogel is an expert on Japanese guitar music, especially the work of Toru Takemitsu and was also awarded the Fellowship of the RAM. Martin arranged many of the works played at Clitheroe for guitar where originally a harpsichord or piano would have been used.
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach's Trio Sonata started the concert. This was written at the time when Baroque music was changing to what we now know as classical music. Then on to the Gulliver Suite by Telemann, causing a sensation when it was first played. Each piece of music is a dance following the travels of Gulliver and lasted only a few seconds. A lot of fun - and again written at the transition time. J S Bach's Trio Sonata in D minor completed the first half of the concert.
The first work after the interval was Sergei Prokofiev's Sonata for two violins dating from 1932. Tougher listening perhaps, but played with astonishing clarity and accuracy by Harriet and Philippa. Especially interesting, as Sergei's grandson Gabriel Prokofiev's Sonata for two violins was played at Clitheroe by Harriet and Philippa, shortly after its premier by them at Lancaster in 2014.
The concert then turned to Shostakovich's Five Pieces (1935), originally written for two violins and piano but arranged by Martin for the guitar. This was Shostakovich in a jolly mood, delightful music full of sunshine and melody. The concert ended with Pablo de Sarasate's Navarra from 1889. Glorious dancing music, showcasing the astonishing skill of the two violinists and leaving the audience wanting to dance themselves!
The next concert will be on December 6th with the brass quartet Bella Tromba playing music heard at Christmas. Starting from baroque church music with Monteverdi and Gesualdo, they continue with modern, 2017-composed music by Peter Longworth and Becca Toft. They visit classical works and carols of Holst, Enescu, Tchaikovsky and Dvorak - and end at the Christmas shows with Nacio Herb Brown, Bart Howard and Jerome Kern. Advance tickets online from the Platform Gallery or www.clitheroeconcerts.org , or on the door are £15 but bargain prices for joining the Society are still availlable.
Fake Snowball Fight Canceled Because Of Real Snow
A Six Flags amusement park in Georgia had planned a massive "snowball fight" but without real snow. Then it actually snowed and the park closed.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Good morning. I'm Rachel Martin. When you don't live in a place that gets snow, you improvise. Case in point, a Six Flags amusement park in Austell, Ga., had planned to hold a massive snowball fight this past weekend for as many as a thousand people. And because it's Georgia, they were, of course, going to use fake snow. But Old Man Winter was having none of that. And believe it or not, actual snow started falling. So much snow that the Six Flags park had to close down, which meant the epic snowball fight was canceled. It's MORNING EDITION.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Reece says he's moved on completely since Stephanie Davis cheated on them in front of the nation.
They were in a relationship with the former Hollyoaks star when they went into the Celebrity Big Brother house and met Jeremy McConnell.
Despite saying they were going to "marry Sam", Stephanie soon became involved with Irish model Jeremy.
Poor Sam watched on from the outside world as Steph and Jez grew closer and closer, got very cosy and are even said to have had sex in the reality show house.
(Image: leighkeily.com)
(Image: Flynet)
But now, Sam says he's moved on, and for the minute, they have other exes to contend with when they enter Ex On The Beach tomorrow night.
The show has seen many people clash over their exes, but how would Sam have felt is Jeremy was in there too?
Sam told Mirror Online: "It wouldn't have bothered me, I've got nothing to say to him. I've moved on since then and have had two relationships – I'm completely over it. I don't take any notice of them in the press, doesn't bother me whatsoever. I'm happy."
And they also made their stance on sex on TV very clear, saying: "I'd never have sex on TV, that's just not me."
Sam is currently dating fellow reality star Harriette Harper, and admits they were in the early stages of their relationship when they headed to the beach.
The model said: "I've known Harriette for six years, we were only dating for two weeks when I signed up to Ex. She'd done it previously so they knew why I had to do it."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And they confirmed that they're definitely not engaged, explaining that THOSE pictures of them wearing a sparkler on their ring finger during a date night was all just a big misunderstanding.
"We were not engaged," they said. "It all got out of hand. We'd been on a date in London and they were wearing my mum's ring for good luck, but then that picture got picked up by the media and it went mad.
"We've been together six months now and things are good, we're taking it slow – not engaged and haven't moved in together."
But will Sam's appearance on the hit MTV show have put their relationship in peril?
They go in as the ex of Georgia Crone.
The Liverpool babe already has two exes in the villa; Max Morley and John Speed, who they have rekindled their romance with.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
And does Sam have more reality TV appearances in their future?
They said: "If the opportunity came up [for more reality shows] I'd love it – would love to do the Jungle but it looks unlikely. Maybe I'd do Make Or Break. Would I take Harriette in? Absolutely no chance!"
And meanwhile, Sam is trying out some alternative techniques to deal with their anxiety.
They said: "Been suffering from anxiety recently, I've got into meditation to get it under control. If you told me three months ago I'd be meditating I'd have laughed. Social media doesn't help, there's a need to look perfect all the time.
"Lots of men find it hard to talk about mental health which is why I've been tweeting about it. That gym-bunny muscly look is ridiculous, so many people take steroids to look good but it doesn't."
* Ex On The Beach continues Tuesday at 10pm on MTV
GOP Tax Bill Shows a Party Beyond Repentance by Jesse – Jesse's Crossroads Cafe'
“Once a government is committed to the principle of silencing the voice of opposition, it has only one way to go, and that is down the path of increasingly repressive measures, until it becomes a source of terror to all its citizens and creates a country where everyone lives in fear.” Harry Truman, Special Message to the Congress on the Internal Security of the United States, August 8, 1950 “We must dissent from the poverty of vision and the absence of moral leadership. We must dissent because America can do better, because America has no choice but to do better.” Thurgood Marshall
The political and social establishment is ensnared, strangling within a credibility trap. It prevents them from truly confronting themselves and what they have done, and what they are still doing in the service of power and money.
It prevents them from addressing the problems, much less the needed reforms. It prompts them to act ineffectively and oddly, to the point that they obviously become a part of the problem and an impediment to progress.
The GOP seems almost beyond repair. The Democrats need to unravel the Clinton/Wall Street wing of the party which has its head buried deep in their party power structure like a big fat tick.
The Republicans need a ‘twelve steps' program for any kind of helpful change to have even the slightest chance.
The GOP tax bill is blatant corporate giveaway for the benefit of the one percent, and one of the more recent signs of their blindness caused by ideology in service to greed. They are not even bothering to excuse it anymore, except for the most naive of their supporters. They try to hide it by voting in secret on largely undiscussed bills with little debate. And as usual cover their perfidy with hypocritical slogans about freedom.
An even bigger disappointment because they have become content with failure, the DNC is purging itself of all progressive policies, dissent from the Wall Street status quo, with the Clintonistas trying to retain a tight grip on power— the power to keep losing elections unfortunately. But as long as they are pulling down fat consulting fees and favors from wealthy donors they seem to be content.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
I'm cross-posting this from my own blog Marc's Words because I think it's worthwhile making the point for the settlement enterprise and understanding what's going on there as well as the diversity of “settlers” and “settlement” and certain other terms. I think I've made my own views on the whole thing pretty clear in the past though what I've probably been less clear about is that I understand what it is and where it comes from. With that in mind here is, if you like, the other side of the settlement argument. Also a (pretty obnoxious post) You are the racist, actually, not me is doing pretty well over at Times of Israel at the moment. The author Rachel Moore talks about settlement from a very right wing perspective. I think it's worth reading.
Recently UN resolution 2334 passed through the United Nations Security Council by 14 votes to 0 with the United States abstaining. The resolution concerns the Israeli Palestinian conflict and specifically names settlements as an obstacle to solving the conflict;
“Condemning all measures aimed at altering the demographic composition, character and status of the Palestinian Territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem, including, inter alia, the construction and expansion of settlements, transfer of Israeli settlers, confiscation of land, demolition of homes and displacement of Palestinian civilians, in violation of international humanitarian law and relevant resolutions.”
I wrote about Israel's response to the resolution in some length over at Harry's Place though it occurs to me that in everything I've read surrounding the issue of Israeli settlements there has been very little understanding of exactly what they are and even less about whom a settler actually is.
In order to do that it's worth starting with Jerusalem, the site of so many Holy Places that if you started digging in any random part of it you'll probably turn up an ancient artefact with religious significance to one or all three of the world's great monotheistic religions.
But let's start with the holy of holies, the site of the Second Temple itself built on the site of King Solomon's original temple. It's the place where the Jews kept the long missing original God given Torah and where Muhammed ascended to heaven. That act by the way sealed it into Islamic lore as their third holiest city after Mecca and Medina.
With its status as the third holiest city in Islam and the holiest city for Jews you can understand why the status of Jerusalem is a cause for concern for Jews and Muslims. The Temple Mount came under Israeli control in 1967 and Muslims naturally want to make sure that the Dome of the Rock and the al Aqsa Mosques that sit on the Temple Mount are well taken care of, that there is freedom of worship for the Muslims who wish to pray there and that the Israelis don't do any damage to the Islamic holy places.
If you can understand this then you can understand Jewish settlement perfectly well because it is happening for the exact same reasons.
And if you're about to say “yeah but all of the people living there are Muslims”, then you're really understanding the impetus for Jewish settlement.
In 1967 Israel took over East Jerusalem, the site of the Temple Mount along with the West Bank of the Jordan River also known by the biblical names Judea and Samaria. If you want to talk about the old testament you're going to be spending a lot of time talking about Judea and Samaria as it's where most of it happened. It's where Abraham, Isaac and Jacob are buried, it's where Sarah, Ruth and Rebecca are buried and it's where the ancient Hebrews entered into the Holy Land and fought so many battles as soldiers of the Hebrew Kings and before.
When the Jordanian Arab Legion knocked the Jewish presence out of the Old City during Israel's War of Independence they used artillery to demolish 58 Jewish synagogues, used gravestones form the mount of Olives cemetery to pave a road they built through it and refused to allow Jews to worship at their holy sites for the 19 years it was in their hands. This was in direct contravention to the armistice agreement signed by the two sides that marked the end of the War of Independence. This agreement specifically mandated that Jews would be allowed to worship in the Old City. They were not.
So the reason settlement is so important is because Jews were not only deprived of the right to worship for so long but because their holy places weren't respected and were even desecrated. Menachem Begin annexed the Eastern part of Jerusalem in 1980 calling it the undivided Capital of the State of Israel. This annexation hasn't been recognised by any country in the world. Settlement is considered by those Jews for whom the city is sacred as the best way of ensuring that Jews are able to pray at their holiest site forever more. The phrase “facts on the ground” comes from this reasoning.Anyone arguing that Israel and the Palestinians should somehow have those unreasonable barriers doesn't understand just what the city looked when divided in this way. Between 1948 and 1967 Jerusalem was a city arbitrarily divided by two armies facing one another in pillboxes with defences that made the Berlin Wall look like a garden fence. The city was literally divided at a point at which the armies stopped fighting with no rhyme or reason to it. It's not in anyone's best interests to go back to that situation.
There was once a consistent Jewish presence in the West Bank city of Hebron of religious Jews but in 1929 they were massacred and the Jewish presence in the city ended. It ended up until 1967 when Israel conquered the city in the Six Day war at which point, finally, Jews were able to visit their holy sites once again. The fact that the Jewish presence in 1929 ended for such a macabre reason provides added gusto to making sure that this time the Jewish presence remains and the Jewish holy places are continually open.
The city of Hebron is the final resting place of the greatest Hebrew prophets and is one of the four holy cities in Judaism along with Jerusalem, Safed and Tiberias. Consideration the pressure exerted on Israel to look after the Muslim Holy sites in Jerusalem consider the pressure exerted on Israel not to allow any Jewish settlement in one of the four holy cities in Judaism. Again those Jews who wish to ensure continued access for Jews to pray in Hebron make sure they live there or as close to the site of the shrine to the Fathers of the Jewish people as they possibly can. As far as they're concerned it's the only way they can make sure forever more that the Jewish religion and people receive the respect they deserve.
Bearing in mind the history of the area it is hardly surprising that there are people who wish to ensure that there is a future for Jews in the biblical land of Israel providing them the opportunity to worship and learn in the very places where the fathers and mothers of the religion roamed and found their final resting place. So next time you hear the word “settlers” in the context of the Israel Palestinian conflict you might want to bear in mind that as far as they're concerned they are guardians of the Jewish faith and the right of the Jewish people to pray at their holy places.
WASHINGTON — John Lackey is on the World Series champion Chicago Cubs' roster for their NL Division Series against the Washington Nationals.
Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon had announced for the NLDS that begins in Washington on Friday night, so their status was in doubt. Lackey, a right-hander, has won three World Series titles, but they were only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions.
Also in Chicago's bullpen, in a mild surprise, is left-hander Justin Wilson, who had a 5.09 ERA in 17 2/3 innings with the Cubs after arriving from the Detroit Tigers in a trade. But they also have this key career stat: Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy is 0 for 6 against Wilson with three strikeouts.
The Cubs chose to go with two catchers instead of three, with Alex Avila backing up Willson Contreras. They kept Rene Rivera off the roster even though they came up big down the stretch, going 15 for 44 after Chicago selected them off waivers from the New York Mets in August. Outfielder Kyle Schwarber could catch in a pinch.
Lawmakers Call For Probe Into Flynn's Russian Communications
Audio will be available later today.
Steve Inskeep talks to Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee. There are calls for an investigation into Michael Flynn's interactions with the Russians.
'Game Changer': Maya Cities Unearthed In Guatemala Forest Using Lasers
Enlarge this image toggle caption PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas
By raining down laser pulses on some 770 square miles of dense forest in northern Guatemala, archaeologists have discovered 60,000 Maya structures that make up full sprawling cities.
And the new technology provides them with an unprecedented view into how the ancient civilization worked, revealing almost industrial agricultural infrastructure and new insights into Maya warfare.
"This is a game changer," says Thomas Garrison, an archaeologist at Ithaca College who is one of the leaders of the project. It changes "the base level at which we do Maya archaeology."
The data reveals that the area was three or four times more densely populated than originally thought. "I mean, we're talking about millions of people, conservatively," says Garrison. "Probably more than 10 million people."
The researchers fired LiDAR technology, short for "Light Detection and Ranging," down at the dense forest from an airplane. This research was organized by the PACUNAM LiDAR Initiative, and Garrison says the area's size is "more than double any other survey that's been done with this technology."
"As it flies the laser pulses hundreds of thousands of times per second," Garrison adds. "And every time one of those lasers hits a point of resistance it stops and sends back a measurement to the plane."
Some of these pulses make it all the way down to the forest floor. The data is then used to visually strip away trees and plants, ultimately mapping only the structures that have been hidden by jungle. You can think of it as digital deforestation.
toggle caption PACUNAM/Thomas Garrison
LiDAR allows scientists to accomplish years or even decades worth of mapping in a single afternoon. For example, Garrison says they were part of a team that worked for some eight years to map less than a square mile at a site called El Zotz. The plane using LiDAR took data for 67 square miles in a matter of hours.
"It's very humbling," says Garrison. "For those of us that spent our lives mapping and slogging around this area ... you just sort of have to bow before the LiDAR and accept the fact that it's better than you are."
The team surveyed 10 separate areas. It took months to process the data. As the picture became clearer, Garrison said they would send emails to their colleagues expressing surprise at the magnitude.
They recall seeing an initial image of one area in northern Guatemala. "I saw this image and I said, the whole area is covered in Maya settlement. You won't believe it," they add. "And then once we got the actual data and saw the whole scope of it. We said, 'Wow, we're going to be able to really do something with this.'"
Together, they are able to weave together a picture of individual city-states and their vast support network.
"Everything is amplified and made much clearer for us and we see how it all fits together in a way that we have not seen before," they say. "We're seeing it all laid bare, and saying, 'OK, this is how all of this was connected and came together.'"
Archeologists, for example, knew that the Maya had agricultural fields. But they say this data show "huge, huge expanses of these irrigated field systems in these low lying swamps."
And they knew that the Maya fought, often with each other, because defensive walls had been previously spotted. But this new information reveals "Maya fortresses and systems of interconnected watchtowers," raising the possibility of more sophisticated and large-scale warfare.
The civilization had a network of raised causeways stretching "many, many kilometers." They also were "channeling water for hundreds of meters or modifying hilltops so they become these impregnable areas."
The picture this paints, they say, is one that is to some extent more advanced than previously thought: "This is like landscape engineering. They have molded the world around them to serve their purposes and survive."
toggle caption PACUNAM/Marcello Canuto & Luke Auld-Thomas
The most important Maya city, Tikal, was found to be three or four times larger than the scientists had thought, with a previously undiscovered pyramid in its center. And Garrison adds that they're not totally sure they've surveyed the entire extent of that city.
Suddenly having a broad view allows archaeologists to ask many new questions, they say. And there's plenty of forest to still explore — the study area is a fraction of the total area where the Maya lived.
Democrats Push For Internal Documents On 2020 Census Citizenship Question
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
Democratic lawmakers are calling for a subpoena to force the U.S. Census Bureau and Commerce Department to release internal documents about the decision to add a controversial citizenship question to forms for the upcoming national headcount.
The request comes two weeks before a congressional oversight hearing on the 2020 census.
"We believe these documents are critical for our Committee," write all 18 Democrats on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in a letter to its chairperson, Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, "to understand the concerns raised internally by career experts at the Census Bureau itself about the dangers of adding this untested new citizenship question to the census — as well as why the Trump Administration disregarded these concerns."
The U.S. Census Bureau is part of the Commerce Department.
A Commerce Department spokesperson has previously told NPR the documents will not be released until after the May 8 hearing. The agency is preparing to release them publicly after its attorneys file them later next month at the federal courts that are hearing the lawsuits against the citizenship question.
Sen. Kamala Harris of California and other Democrats on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, which has oversight of the U.S. Census Bureau, have previously made requests for these documents. NPR has filed Freedom of Information Act requests for them as well.
Gowdy's communications director, Amanda Gonzalez told NPR Tuesday morning that they are "not aware" of the Democrats' letter. "I don't believe the committee has received it yet," they said, referring to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Previously, Gonzalez has declined to comment on whether a subpoena would be issued for the documents to be released in time for the hearing.
The Democrats' letter notes that regardless of the legal fight over the citizenship question, members of Congress have "an independent responsibility under the Constitution to conduct oversight of the census."
Democratic lawmakers — including the House oversight committee's top Democrat, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland — have been raising concerns about the citizenship question since it was first announced by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in late March.
Ross approved a last-minute request to add a citizenship question from the Justice Department. The DOJ says the question is needed to get a better count of voting-age citizens in order to enforce the Voting Rights Act's provisions against voting discrimination of racial and language minority groups. Since the civil rights law was enacted in 1965, the DOJ has relied on estimates of U.S. citizens rather than official counts by the census. Those who have criticized the addition of the citizenship question say those estimates are adequate.
The data are used for reapportioning seats in Congress, drawing legislative districts and distributing an estimated $800 billion a year in federal funding.
Cummings and other Democrats have cited research by the Census Bureau suggesting that asking about citizenship could discourage immigrants and communities of color from participating in the census — a national headcount of every person living in the U.S. required by the Constitution every 10 years.
when your father in law dies suddenly of un detected cancer, your mother tells you they have a big lump of cancer in their head and theres notting to do about it.. you back are fooked, and you have insomnia...
_________________
fastOsloW sundays 11-13 gmt
let fastOsloW be your dj:
fastosloW on myspace:
dont hide the madness.
new mix you can have
Link to track on SoundCloud _________________fastOsloW sundays 11-13 gmtlet fastOsloW be your dj: fastoslow@mr-nobody.net fastosloW on myspace: http://www.myspace.com/fastoslow dont hide the madness.new mix you can have
Luna to Give Fans A Sentimental Education
Luna, who regrouped for selected live shows beginning in 2015 after a ten-year sabbatical, have announced the release of their first new studio recordings since the album Rendezvous 13 years ago.
Due September 22nd via indie label Double Feature, A Sentimental Education will be a full album of carefully chosen cover songs, including tracks by Fleetwood Mac (the already-available-on-Soundcloud “One Together,” originally on 1970's Kiln House), The Cure, Mercury Rev, Mink DeVille, David Bowie, Yes, Bob Dylan, The Velvet Underground (shocker!) and more. Set for release the same day, the EP A Place of Greater Safety features six new Luna instrumentals. Fans who pre-order or donate to the crowdfunding campaign from Pledge Music are eligible to receive bonus tracks and other goodies.
The band – Dean Wareham, Sean Eden, Britta Phillips and Lee Wall ­– are bringing their dreamy meanderings back to North America this fall, including a yet-to-be-announced date at Atlanta's Terminal West.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BELLEVILLE, Ill. – The Egyptian Collectors Association Gun and Knife show doesn't start until Saturday, October 7, but organizers said protestors were already outside earlier Friday during set up.
“I've heard they were going to protest,” vendor Lloyd Bernard said. “Which that is their right.”
Benard said they understand. After all, this particular show is coming during a time when emotions are high, but they welcome all opinions.
“As long as it's peaceful and they don't bother the customers coming up,” they said.
Rifles, handguns, and accessories will all be on display and available for licensed gun owners to purchase.
But while setup is being done for this show – a similar gun show scheduled for this weekend in Las Vegas will not. Organizers of that show canceled following Sunday night's Country Music Concert Massacre.
However, Bernard said he's glad this one is going on as scheduled.
“It's the individual, it's not the gun,” Bernard said. “Why wouldn't you allow normal citizens to come in and purchase firearms?”
On the heels of the Las Vegas gunman using a bump stock to carry out their plan.
The National Rifle Association released a statement saying, in part, it would call for the immediate review of whether bump stocks and other devices like it comply with federal law.
Bernard said he's not sure if the item will be available for purchase at the show, but they know all rules and regulations will be followed.
“All laws in the state of Illinois and the United States laws are taken care of right here,” they said. “Nobody comes in here and walks out with a gun, there's no loophole here as far as the gun show go, everything has a background check that leaves this show.”
Fifteen profit warnings in seven years.
That was the embarrassing pattern Kenichiro Yoshida promised to end after they took over as Sony Corp.'s finance head in 2014. Billion-dollar losses in the famed television business, red ink from personal computers and a smartphone division trying to be all things to all people in the age of the iPhone had the company in a parlous state.
Now, with Sony on track to post record full-year profits this fiscal year, Yoshida's top priority as the company's new chief executive officer will be to make sure that a new era of stability endures. He's replacing Kazuo Hirai, who will assume the chair's role on April 1. Together the pair have turned Sony around by bringing accountability to its varied units, emphasized profits over growth and cut loose legacy businesses where it didn't have an edge.
"Going forward, we are going to play both offence and defence," Yoshida said at a news conference. "The top companies by market value in the world are technology companies, and as a tech company Sony feels a sense of urgency."
The results of their efforts were reflected in earnings figures released Friday. Sony lifted its operating profit forecast to a record $6.6 billion for the year ending March, up from the previous forecast of $5.72 billion. For the three months ended December, net income of 2.72 billion yen was double what analysts had estimated, as strong profits in the music division and better sales of high-end TVs made up for slowing growth in games and image sensors.
Yoshida, 58, is highly regarded by analysts and investors for their role in bringing financial discipline to Sony after years of losses from consumer electronics. Under their reign, Sony sold off its Vaio personal-computer business, reshaped its TV set unit and focused the mobile business away from a destructive fight for market share. The company has used image sensors and PlayStation games to rebuild the company.
"He knows Sony inside out and is content in playing to their strengths for profitable growth," said Atul Goyal, an analyst at Jefferies Group. "Yoshida is very soft-spoken, but in person, you can see that they possess a fierce intelligence and a clever political mind needed to navigate a large organization like Sony."
Just a month after becoming chief financial officer, Yoshida criticized predecessors for failing to change Sony as the electronics industry changed. They also began giving forecasts for specific sales and profit targets at individual segments, making businesses that span games, movies, music and devices accountable to investors as well as management.
As they led restructurings at moribund divisions, they compared them to emergency surgery and vowed there would be no "sacred cows." Vaio quickly went on the block. Then they took a $1.5 billion writedown for overhauling the smartphone business.
Mirai -- a notorious malware that's been enslaving IoT devices -- has competition.
A rival piece of programming has been infecting some of the same easy-to-hack internet-of-things products, with a resiliency that surpasses Mirai, according to security researchers.
"You can almost call it Mirai on steroids," said Marshal Webb, CTO at BackConnect, a provider of services to protect against distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks.
Security researchers have dubbed the rival IoT malware Hajime, and since it was discovered more than six months ago, it's been spreading unabated and creating a botnet. Webb estimates it's infected about 100,000 devices across the globe.
These botnets, or networks of enslaved computers, can be problematic. They're often used to launch massive DDoS attacks that can take down websites or even disrupt the internet's infrastructure.
That's how the Mirai malware grabbed headlines last October. A DDoS attack from a Mirai-created botnet targeted DNS provider Dyn, which shut down and slowed internet traffic across the U.S.
Hajime was first discovered in the same month, when security researchers at Rapidity Networks were on the lookout for Mirai activity. What they found instead was something similar, but also more tenacious.
Like Mirai, Hajime also scans the internet for poorly secured IoT devices like cameras, DVRs, and routers. It compromises them by trying different username and password combinations and then transferring a malicious program.
However, Hajime doesn't take orders from a command-and-control server like Mirai-infected devices do. Instead, it communicates over a peer-to-peer network built off protocols used in BitTorrent, resulting in a botnet that's more decentralized -- and harder to stop.
"Hajime is much, much more advanced than Mirai," Webb said. "It has a more effective way to do command and control."
Broadband providers have been chipping away at Mirai-created botnets, by blocking internet traffic to the command servers they communicate with. In the meantime, Hajime has continued to grow 24/7, enslaving some of the same devices. Its peer-to-peer nature means many of the infected devices can relay files or instructions to rest of the botnet, making it more resilient against any blocking efforts.
Vesselin Bontchev Hajime infection attempts (blue) vs Mirai infection attempts (red), according to a honeypot from security researcher Vesselin Bontchev.
Who's behind Hajime? Security researchers aren't sure. Strangely, they haven't observed the Hajime botnet launching any DDoS attacks -- which is good news. A botnet of Hajime's scope is probably capable of launching a massive one similar to what Mirai has done.
"There's been no attribution. Nobody has claimed it," said Pascal Geenens, a security researcher at security vendor Radware.
However, Hajime does continue to search the internet for vulnerable devices. Geenens' own honeypot, a system that tracks botnet activity, has been inundated with infection attempts from Hajime-controlled devices, they said.
So the ultimate purpose of this botnet remains unknown. But one scenario is it'll be used for cybercrime to launch DDoS attacks for extortion purposes or to engage in financial fraud.
"It's a big threat forming," Geenens said. "At some point, it can be used for something dangerous."
It's also possible Hajime might be a research project. Or in a possible twist, maybe it's a vigilante security expert out to disrupt Mirai.
So far, Hajime appears to be more widespread than Mirai, said Vesselin Bontchev, a security expert at Bulgaria's National Laboratory of Computer Virology.
However, there's another key difference between the two malware. Hajime has been found infecting a smaller pool of IoT devices using ARM chip architecture.
That contrasts from Mirai, which saw its source code publicly released in late September. Since then, copycat hackers have taken the code and upgraded the malware. Vesselin has found Mirai strains infecting IoT products that use ARM, MIPS, x86, and six other platforms.
That means the clash between the two malware doesn't completely overlap. Nevertheless, Hajime has stifled some of Mirai's expansion.
"There's definitely an ongoing territorial conflict," said Allison Nixon, director of security research at Flashpoint.
To stop the malware, security researchers say it's best to tackle the problem at its root, by patching the vulnerable IoT devices. But that will take time and, in other cases, it might not even be possible. Some IoT vendors have released security patches for their products to prevent malware infections, but many others have not, Nixon said.
That means Hajime and Mirai will probably stick around for a long time, unless those devices are retired.
"It will keep going," Nixon said. "Even if there's a power outage, [the malware] will just be back and re-infect the devices. It's never going to stop."
In 2007, India was on the second spot, behind China, with $37.2 billion in remittances as compared to $38.4 billion for China. Photo: Reuters
New York: Indians working across the globe sent home $62.7 billion last year, making India the top remittance-receiving country surpassing China, according to a UN report. The ‘One Family at a Time' study by the UN International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) said about 200 million migrants globally sent more than $445 million in 2016 as remittances to their families, helping to lift millions out of poverty.
Remittance flows have grown over the last decade at a rate averaging 4.2% annually, from $296 billion in 2007 to $445 billion in 2016. The study is the first-ever of a 10-year trend in migration and remittance flows over the period 2007-2016.
It said 80% of remittances are received by 23 countries, led by India, China, the Philippines, Mexico and Pakistan. The top 10 sending countries account for almost half of annual flows, led by the US, Saudi Arabia and Russia.
The study said India was the top receiving country for remittances in 2016 at %62.7 billion, followed by China ($61 billion), the Philippines ($30 billion) and Pakistan ($20 billion). In the decade between 2007 and 2016, India surpassed China to become the top receiving country for remittances.
In 2007, India was on the second spot, behind China, with $37.2 billion in remittances as compared to $38.4 billion for China. The study said Asia is the highest originating region with 77 million migrants; with 48 million remaining within the region.
Over the past decade, remittances to Asia and the Pacific increased by 87%, reaching $244 billion, while migration grew by only 33% in comparison. Asia remains the main remittance-receiving region, with 55% of the global flows and 41% of total migrants. It is projected that an estimated $6.5 trillion in remittances will be sent to low and middle-income countries between 2015 and 2030.
The study added that the amount of money migrants send to their families in developing countries has risen by 51% over the past decade - far greater than the 28% increase in migration from these countries. This dramatic increase in the amount of money migrants send home to their families in developing countries is helping to lift millions out of poverty and in attaining the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG), the study said.
“About 40% of remittances—$200 billion—are sent to rural areas where the majority of poor people live,” said Pedro de Vasconcelos, manager of IFAD's Financing Facility for Remittances and lead author of the report, adding that the money is spent on food, health care, better educational opportunities and improved housing and sanitation.
“Remittances are therefore critical to help developing countries achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG),” de Vasconcelos said. Currently, about 200 million migrant workers support some 800 million family members globally.
In 2017, an expected one-in-seven people globally will be involved in either sending or receiving more than $450 billion in remittances, according to the report. Migration flows and remittances are having large-scale impacts on the global economy and political landscape. Total migrant earnings are estimated at $3 trillion annually, approximately 85% of which remains in the host countries.
The money sent home averages less than one per cent of their host's GDP. Taken together, these individual remittances account for more than three times the combined official development assistance (ODA) from all sources, and more than the total foreign direct investment to almost every low-and middle-income country.
The report makes several recommendations for improving public policies and outlines proposals for partnerships with the private sector to reduce costs and create opportunities for migrants and their families to use their money more productively.
“As populations in developed countries continue to age, the demand for migrant labour is expected to keep growing in the coming years,” de Vasconcelos said. “However, remittances can help the families of migrants build a more secure future, making migration for young people more of a choice than a necessity,” they added.
Despite the decade-long trend, IFAD president Gilbert Houngbo noted the impact of remittances must first be viewed one family at a time. “It is not about the money being sent home, it is about the impact on people's lives. The small amounts of $200 or $300 that each migrant sends home make up about 60% of the family's household income, and this makes an enormous difference in their lives and the communities in which they live,” Houngbo said. PTI
The facility closest to their home in Conshohocken at the time (Gupta now lives in Old City) that offered cryotherapy was 45 minutes away, in Holland, Bucks County. After a few sessions, Gupta noticed they felt more calm and relaxed. They even felt an energetic rush. They were sleeping better and thinking more clearly.
"I knew I had to bring the business in to town," said Gupta, a lifelong entrepreneur who for a time worked in real estate development. "I knew I could do it so much better."
In July 2016, Gupta opened the 1,400-square-foot flagship Orange Cryo — now the official cryo home of Temple University's football team and a few select Eagles and Flyers players — on Fourth Street between Northern Liberties and Old City. There is one in Conshohocken and one in Avalon, too. And Gupta has plans to open two other Pennsylvania locations, in Blue Bell and West Chester. They also plan one for Voorhees and another in Las Vegas.
Despite Orange Cryo's frosty business practices, Gupta has created quite the cosy setup. There are hardwood floors; inside each locker are a pair of orange Crocs and a plush terry cloth bathrobe. Orange Cryo muscle-cooling creams line the shelves. The facial room is nestled in the back.
And in the right front corner of the space is the rather imposing, 8-foot stainless steel cryo sauna, where I would painfully learn that the only steam rushing out is gelid.
I've spent the better part of two years nursing an aggravated hip flexor, so I was game to see how cryotherapy would help. Still, I was terrified when I entered Orange Cryo one recent rainy afternoon.
After a quick rundown, I ducked into one of the changing rooms, where I removed all my jewelry and peeled my clothes off down to my undies. I slipped the Orange Cryo padded socks and gloves over my extremities, wrapped myself in a robe, and tentatively walked out.
Vapour frothed. They told me it was minus 256 degrees Fahrenheit.
I took a deep breath. Got in. And quickly handed my bathrobe over.
Thirty seconds in. This isn't bad. I think I can do it. A minute in. Hmmm. A minute and a half. Oh, God, this hurts. I want to get out. But I'm no punk. Store manager Mike Pacitti starts to talk to me. They go in as often as they can, they say. Really? Oh and did you know Danny Simmons, the brother of hip-hop entrepreneur Russell (a serious cryo fan) and rapper Rev Run, is coming in later?
I love my fellow Hollis, Queens, brother and all, but now I'm starting to get angry. At 2 ½ minutes, the countdown starts. Ten seconds. They are handing my robe back. At exactly three minutes, I'm so out of there.
"How do you feel?" Pacitti asked me.
Seriously?
That night, I slept better than I had in recent weeks. As for my leg, it was a little achy right after. But the next morning, I did a vigorous sculpt practice at Core Power Yoga and the nagging pull was gone.
To really see a difference, Gupta recommends three $29 sessions in one week.
I'm going to have to take their word for it. There is no way I'm going back in.
Philadelphia Inquirer
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There was an unforgettable, private moment when Leeds United became the laughing stock of the ­Premier League.
Chairmen of rival clubs and League officials still talk about the fateful incident and the laughter it provoked.
The chairperson of Leeds was attending a Premier League meeting in 2003 when, to the amazement of delegates around him, they fell asleep. They had their head ­balanced on their palm as the ­gentle snores of a man enjoying an ever-deeper sleep were heard.
Then, disaster struck.
Their chin slipped off their upturned palm and the chairperson's head smashed on to the table with a resounding thud.
This was Professor John ­McKenzie's debut at a Premier League meeting.
What a start.
(Photo: PA)
McKenzie, a self-­appointed professor of ­organisation, succeeded Peter “Living the dream” Ridsdale as Elland Road chairperson.
On the field, Leeds were on the slide.
Their fall from grace was to cost Terry Venables the manager's job in the March, replaced by Peter Reid in an attempt to ensure top-flight survival.
Paul Robinson, one of a band of outstanding youngsters which ­also included Jonathan ­Woodgate, Alan Smith, Harry Kewell, James Milner and Aaron ­Lennon, ­recalled: “It was a strange ­season. In the ­summer, Rio ­Ferdinand asked for a transfer and landed a move to ­Manchester United.
“In the dressing room, the boys really didn't see this as a problem. We had a big squad and the club received a British record fee for Rio, so we pressed on into the new season.
“Terry Venables arrived in the summer and they were one of the best, most tactically-aware, managers I've ever played for.
(Photo: Getty)
“He gave me my chance as the r­egular No.1. Nigel Martyn had been away with England at the World Cup in Japan and wanted a break rather than join the tour to China, Australia and Thailand. Terry ­announced they were going to back me in the new season.
“He also tried to change our style. Leeds had always been a high-tempo team. Terry wanted to slow things down and work the ball through Paul Okon, the Aussie holding player they brought into ­midfield. It didn't suit all the lads.”
Leeds had debts of ­£79million when Ridsdale stepped down — £60m on a 25-year bond.
Robinson, now 37 and still plying their trade in the Prem with Burnley, went on: “Everyone talks about the ­financial meltdown that engulfed the club, but it didn't emerge as an overnight problem. It was little by little.
"But when you looked at the talent in the ­dressing room, we still had a load of ability to call on. Even without Robbie Keane our strikers were Mark Viduka, Alan Smith, Robbie Fowler, Harry Kewell and ­Michael Bridges.
(Photo: Mirrorpix)
“Terry was ­replaced by Peter Reid – an old-school ­motivator. At no point did the ­players jack it in.”
The hapless McKenzie's lack of football ­acumen saw them strike crazy deals.
In the January, ­Liverpool proposed a £10m fee for Kewell.
By June, ­McKenzie was ready to let Kewell go to Anfield for just £5m, with the player's agent receiving £2m as commission. Leeds banked just £3m for a star player.
Robinson ­recalled: “I had the chance to be ­reunited with David O'Leary at Aston Villa. I turned it down because I wanted to stick with Leeds.”
The next season Leeds did go down.
And they have never got back to the top flight.
INDIANAPOLIS — The NCAA plans to double the number of teams it seeds in its Division I baseball tournament to 16, hoping to provide a more equitable competitive balance.
The organization announced the move Friday and it will take effect for the 2018 tournament. The change will allow the baseball tournament to follow the same seeding principles used by other sports that have at least 64 post-season participants.
The NCAA says that under the current format, with only eight seeded teams, the ninth-best could be paired against the No. 1 seed in the super regional round. With the change, a top seed will face the No. 16 seed.
The change was approved last week at a meeting of the Division I Competition Oversight Committee in Indianapolis.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eva Price will finally give birth next week in incredibly chaotic scenes that will be choc-a-bloc full of drama.
Toyah, played by Georgia Taylor, will be forced to deliver the baby themselves after Eva becomes trapped in the bathroom of the cottage the pair have rented out. But the drama certainly won't be over after the baby is born for Toyah as lies pile up and they are accused of cheating on Peter Barlow.
Over the last six months, they have managed to keep Eva's pregnancy quiet from everyone on the cobbles - including their half-sister Leanne and Toyah's partner Peter.
After Toyah's surrogate miscarried their baby, they managed to get Eva (Catherine Tyldesley) to agree to be their replacement surrogate in an utterly bonkers plan.
Eva discovered that they were pregnant with ex Aidan's baby and planned to abort it, but Toyah convinced them to continue the pregnancy so that they could adopt the child. Despite arousing suspicion along the way, they managed to convince the rest of the family that Eva was leaving to go to a beauty course in America.
In scenes airing next week on Coronation Street , Toyah is left worried when they facetime Eva and notices they look unwell. But they are left in even more of a panic when they struggle to find their car keys.
Later, Simon returns with the car after letting their yob friend Tyler take it for a joyride. Toyah fails to reprimand them after they reveal that they have found a receipt for a cottage in Lymm, which is where Eva is staying.
They lie to Simon and tells them that it was a surprise for Peter. However their sister Leanne is suspicious when Toyah covers for Simon yet again.
Finally, Toyah manages to get away and reaches the cottage, only to hear Eva screaming after locking themselves in the bathroom and going into labour.
"Toyah hears screams and Eva says they have gone in to labour but unfortunately the door to the bathroom has fallen off with Eva trapped inside," actor Georgia reveals. "Toyah smashes the hell out of that door because they are going to make sure that Eva and their baby are okay.
"Toyah finds themselves delivering the baby and what I love about this so much is it reminded me of my days on Casualty because this is the kind of thing happens on this kind of shows all the time, total flashback!"
They add: "As terrified as they are, they know that there is nobody else here and they need to get on with it. Ultimately they are trying to save their child's life."
Finally, the ambulance arrives and takes Eva, their newborn baby and Toyah to hospital. Eva reminds Toyah that their surrogate is supposed to be in Dubai so the pair come up with a plan. After Toyah decides to tell Peter that the surrogate is in Tamworth and that they will be visiting her, Eva is left alone with the baby.
Left alone with their baby, Eva is forced to pick their daughter up and is in awe.
"When Toyah leaves Eva for the first time with the baby in the hospital, they are on Cloud 9. At this point, they believe this plan is going to work and everything is going to be perfect," Georgia says. "Genuinely, Toyah is not worried about Eva going back on the deal, they are so in love with this baby and thinks all their dreams are going to come true."
Later, Peter is ecstatic when they receive a text from Toyah saying that the surrogate has gone into labour. As Eva hides in another room, Toyah video chats Peter to show them their daughter and they decide to call them Susie.
A beaming Peter reveals the news to everyone in the bar while a jealous Simon grits their teeth.
On Friday, Toyah returns to Weatherfield with the baby and Peter is instantly smitten.
"Everyone is so thrilled for them. Ken is delighted and is one of the first people over to congratulate them and see the baby," Georgia reveals.
"There is a really powerful moment when Peter picks up what they believe to be their child for the first time; they see the love in their eyes and at that moment they absolutely believe that they have made the right decision for the right reasons."
However Toyah's bubble of happiness quickly bursts when they are confronted by Leanne after Simon tells them they think Toyah is having an affair.
A panicked Toyah lies to Leanne and says that they rented a friend who needs to escape from an abusive relationship. They also confide in Leanne that Eva won't be returning to Weatherfield.
The countless lies they have spun begin to weigh on their mind and Aidan notices their awkwardness when they stop to say hi to Susie.
Georgia explains: "By accident, they have become a deceitful person but they don't have the traits of a naturally deceitful person.
"But they do have a conscience so there is always a chance that they won't be able to contain their guilt forever."
*Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An inquest into the death of a teenage girl who took their own life took a dramatic turn after the NHS insisted there had been a bed available to treat them in Bristol – moments after a senior psychiatrist had told a coroner none had been free.
The family of Becky Romero let off cries of anguish when coroner Maria Voisin returned from the afternoon break with a statement they had received, minutes earlier, from NHS England.
The statement came in response to evidence given by Dr Louise Molodynski, the consultant psychiatrist at the Riverside unit, the only facility in the Bristol area that looks after teenagers with mental health issues.
They had just told the inquest that there were no beds available for Becky Romero, from Bedminster Down, either as an inpatient or as a day patient, during the six weeks between the time doctors had first said they needed one and the day they took their own life in July.
The inquest at Avon Coroners' Court heard on Monday December 11 that 15-year-old Becky had suffered from years of deteriorating mental health, and lived as a virtual recluse for two years.
They had left Bedminster Down school after being bullied and was home-schooled for a year by their mum, Nicky, before attempting to take their own life in the summer of 2016 and spending some time signed on with the Bristol Hospital School.
After a failed suicide attempt in early June resulted in the 15-year-old being admitted to Bristol Children's Hospital, a bed was found for them at an adolescent mental health unit 80 miles away in Bournemouth, with a plan that they be transferred back to the Riverside unit in Bristol as soon as possible.
But no bed became available, and after less than four weeks the unit in Bournemouth, called Pebble Lodge, decided to send their home and discharge their eight days later, even though a community care team in Bristol had concerns it was too soon, and that they had not prepared a robust-enough care package to look after them at home.
Within five days of being discharged, Becky took their own life.
After Dr Molodynski's evidence, a statement was sent to coroner Maria Voisin from NHS England, directly contradicting it.
Leah Moss, the senior programme lead at NHS England, wrote that there were beds available between the time they were sent to Bournemouth on June 10 this year, and the day they were officially discharged on July 14, eight days after they were actually sent home.
The NHS England statement explained that a Root Cause Analysis Report had been done following Becky's death, although the NHS England statement used the words ‘Route Cause Analysis' in the title, and ‘Root Cause Analysis' in the statement itself.
“The RCA extract does not provide information regarding the transfer arrangements on the date range involved, however the next available bed became available at Riverside Unit on June 14, 2017,” they said.
“Based on information regularly submitted to NHS England by Avon Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership (AWP), I can confirm that there were three places available at the Riverside Day Assessment Unit a week before Miss Romero was discharged from Pebble Lodge and one place was available on the day of their discharge (July 17).
“It is therefore unclear why Miss Romero was not offered a place at the day assessment to support their discharge to the community.
“Unfortunately the NHS England CAMHS case manager was not made aware of the need for Miss Romero to be admitted to the Riverside Unit and could have facilitated this transfer requirement if called upon, as has happened in other cases,” they added.
Becky's mother Nicola Romero broke down in the coroners' court upon reading this statement. They and the rest of Becky's family had been told for the last five months that no place had been available for their daughter at their local mental health unit.
Coroner Maria Voisin recalled Dr Molodynski to give further evidence, but the Bristol-based psychiatrist said NHS England had got it wrong.
Dr Molodynski maintained that the unit was full for the entire time Becky was in Bournemouth, and after they were sent home.
“There were definitely no beds available on June 10,” they said. “I don't know if there was a bed available on June 14 but that is not my recollection. I remember having lots of phone calls throughout June and July asking for beds for lots of children, and there being none available at Riverside.”
The Riverside unit has just nine beds for teenagers with mental health issues who need to be in hospital, and only three places for youngsters who can come in as a ‘day patient', between 8.30am and 4.30pm, while living at home.
They added that, while there are just nine beds for inpatients at Riverside, there are currently another nine young people from Bristol, South Gloucestershire and North Somerset who are – as Becky was for almost four weeks - in similar units all around the country, some as far away as the North East.
Dr Molodynski then questioned how NHS England had arrived at this conclusion.
“Every Form One (request from health professionals asking for a mental hospital unit bed) is copied to NHS England, but they told us they wouldn't have been able to facilitate patient movements because of staff shortages.
“We used to have weekly meetings with NHS England to talk about who could be moved nearer to their homes from other out-of-area units but because of staff shortages, resignations and sickness, NHS England said those meetings were stopped, and replaced by conference phone calls.
“Then those phone calls were stopped because of staffing issues. We therefore have very little contact with the NHS England case manager. I don't recognise these figures about available beds at all. Bed occupancy at Riverside was 99.2 per cent during July - but it's not for me to say this information from them is inaccurate."
The inquest continues on Tuesday.
Bitcoin Futures Begin Trading – Let The Madness Commence! by Michael Snyder – The Economic Collapse Blog
One of the things that I love about Bitcoin is that the fun never seems to end. On Sunday, Bitcoin futures began trading on the Chicago Board Options Exchange for the first time ever, and within minutes the CBOE's website crashed. What a perfect metaphor. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are completely and utterly disrupting the global financial system, and the financial establishment is still groping for a cohesive response to this growing phenomenon.
For a long time the financial establishment seemed to think that if they just kept publicly trashing Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies that they would eventually just go away. In fact, earlier today I came across a story that talked about how Deutsche Bank is warning of a “Bitcoin crash” in 2018. But what they don't realize is that we have reached a tipping point, and the world will never go back to the way it was before.
And even though other global financial institutions are dragging their feet, an enormous threshold was crossed when Bitcoin futures were launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange just a few hours ago…
On Sunday, the Cboe will finally launch its long-awaited bitcoin futures contract; the CME Group will launch its futures contract later this month. This will surely add a new element to bitcoin, shifting it from a buy-side-only trade to introducing the ability to go long — or short. This should bring new, larger and institutional participants into the market.
This move will also make it more tempting for large institutions to try to manipulate the price of Bitcoin, and that is always a dangerous thing.
But overall this is being hailed as a great thing for Bitcoin, and many believe that the wild ride that Bitcoin has been on in recent weeks has been because of this upcoming futures launch. The following comes from CNBC…
The futures are cash-settled contracts based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss. “The pretty sharp rise we have seen in bitcoin in just the last couple of weeks has probably been driven by optimism ahead of the futures launch,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin.
As I write this, the price of Bitcoin is sitting at $16,487.99, which is much higher than it was just a couple days ago. At one point it had dipped below $14,000, but it has bounced back nicely.
And this could be just the beginning for Bitcoin futures. According to CNN, Bitcoin futures will soon begin trading on a couple of additional exchanges as well…
There's more to come. Bitcoin futures will also begin trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange on December 17-18, while the Nasdaq will debut the options sometime next year.
Many of us that didn't get into Bitcoin when it was first emerging are still kicking ourselves. But one individual who did, but later abandoned their efforts, has more than 80 million dollars sitting in a landfill somewhere. The story of a British man named James Howells was recently featured by Gizmodo…
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Shanghai: Asian Games gold medallist Abhishek Verma finished third in the qualification to move to the round of 32, scoring 710 along with two others in the first stage of the Archery World Cup on Tuesday.
On a cold, damp morning through which no single archer stood out, Kim Jongho of Korea took the first seed with 31X, Mike Schloesser of the Netherlands came second with 28X and Abhishek's 18X put them in the third spot ahead of eliminations.
All three of them shot 710 out of possible 720 and seedings were decided on the basis of number of X managed by the archers.
In the round of 32, the Indian will begin their campaign against Romeo Alejandro Trevinon of Mexico.
Rajat Chauhan was the next-best ranked Indian in the qualification as they bagged the 26th spot and got the better of their teammate Sangampreet Singh Bisla (ranked 39) in the second round.
Chauhan will face Kristofer Schaff of the USA in round three
Chinna Raju Srither, ranked 37, also advanced to round three going past Evren Cagiran of Turkey.
In the women's compound section, Jyothi Surekha Vennam (ranked 30), Muskan Kirar (33) advanced into round three while Madhumita Kumari (42) and Divya Dhayal (44) bowed out.
CHARLESTON, Ill. — Mack Smith had a career-high 31 points, Montell Goodwin added 23 and Eastern Illinois made 11 of 17 from 3-point range to beat Tennessee Tech 79-71 on Saturday.
Smith, a first-year student, was 5 of 7 from 3-point range and 12 of 17 overall from the field. Goodwin made 4 of 5 3-point attempts and 7 of 9 foul shots while grabbing six boards and handing out six assists.
Smith's 3-pointer with 3:21 left in the game capped a 9-3 run and made it 66-53 for the Panthers (8-15, 4-8 Ohio Valley), who ended a four-game skid.
The Golden Eagles (16-9, 8-4) got as close as four on Kajon Mack's 3-pointer that made it 73-69 with 31 seconds left, but Goodwin made all six of their foul shots from there to secure it for Eastern Illinois.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — California would set standards for organic marijuana, allow pot samples at county fairs and permit home deliveries under legislation set to be considered by lawmakers Thursday as the state prepares for next year's start of legal marijuana sales.
Lawmakers and Gov. Jerry Brown's administration are working to merge California's new voter-approved recreational pot law with the state's longstanding medical marijuana program. They have settled on an array of regulations to protect consumers and public safety while ensuring taxes are collected.
The provisions were tucked into the state budget agreement between Brown and top legislative Democrats announced this week following months of negotiations with businesses operating illegally or in the legal medical marijuana field and investors who want to enter the nation's largest legal marijuana market.
“One of the biggest challenges we have is taking a multi-billion-dollar industry out of the dark and now into the light,” said Sen. Mike McGuire, a Democrat whose district includes much of Northern California's prime marijuana growing region.
Advertisement
By 2018, state officials must have crafted regulations and rules governing the emerging legal marijuana market with an estimated annual sales value of $7 billion — ranging from where and how plants can be grown to setting guidelines to track the buds from fields to stores. Full legal sales are expected to roll out later in the year.
In general, the state will treat cannabis like alcohol, allowing people 21 and older to legally possess up to an ounce of marijuana and grow six marijuana plants at home.
The budget agreement includes $118 million to pay for startup costs for the newly regulated industry, including technology and staff to work on regulations and issue licenses. The state will open a tax office in the remote region north of San Francisco so marijuana businesses can pay their taxes in cash without having to drive long distances with thousands of dollars.
Because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, pot businesses generally cannot open bank accounts, conduct credit card transactions or otherwise use the federally regulated banking system.
The legislation outlines baseline rules for marijuana businesses and was crafted to promote a new artisanal industry in a state that has embraced craft beer and small wineries.
It would require state regulators to come up with rules for marijuana producers to call their goods organic — an important designation for California consumers that cannot be used on pot under federal rules. The state would also create standards for official marijuana varietals and growing regions, known as appellations, so craft producers can distinguish their products based on the unique strain and growing conditions like winemakers do.
With temporary licenses from the state, businesses would be allowed to sell pot and provide samples at county fairs, regional agricultural associations and cannabis festivals.
Growers would be allowed to form agricultural cooperatives without running afoul of antitrust laws. Businesses would be able to legally grow, distribute and sell their own product, though firms performing safety tests will have to be independent, with no financial ties to growers or retailers.
Keeping an open container of marijuana in a vehicle would be illegal like it is for alcohol in California, except for people with a medical card or doctor's note.
Brown and lawmakers agreed to allow sellers with no public storefronts to deliver marijuana directly to customers.
“There are thousands of businesses currently engaged in this type of commerce,” Hezekiah Allen, executive director of the California Growers Association. “The more of them that can get licensed, the better off the state is going to be, the faster we'll be able to get rid of the criminal element and the faster we'll be able to make sure the product is safe and tested.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Now on season four, Botched plastic surgery duo Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif have pretty much seen it all.
But one thing Dr Dubrow continues to remain mystified by is cosplay, and how many people want to transform themselves into a specific character – on a permanent basis.
And on the upcoming episodes of the E! series, the surgeons try to help a 25-year-old named Luis Padron, whose goal it is to look like an elf.
Luis – who describes themselves as a 'future fantasy being' - has already undergone almost £50,000 worth of surgery in their home town of Argentina and also in South Korea to achieve their dream look.
(Image: Instagram/luispadron.elf)
(Image: Instagram/luispadron.elf)
(Image: Instagram/luispadron.elf)
He's had a nose job, liposuction on their chin, hair transplants, skin bleaching and had five laser procedures to change their eye color.
However, still not totally pleased with their look, he's hoping that the surgeons can help to make them a more 'elf-ic' looking face by evening out their jaw and making their nose smaller and straighter.
(Image: Instagram/luispadron.elf)
(Image: Instagram/luispadron.elf)
“We see a lot of people with body modifications who want to look like extraterrestrials or interstellar beings, or they want to look androgynous,” Dr Dubrow told Mirror Online.
“And the cosplay thing has now overlapped plastic surgery modifications.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
“First of all, they want to look more elf like and like the characters they're playing, but they also have complications.”
They went on: “I'm still shocked because it's one thing to put on a costume to look like a cosplay character but it's a completely another thing to make a permanent alteration to your anatomy to look like a cosplay character.
“What happens in your normal life? You can't just take that stuff off."
Watch Botched Tuesdays at 9pm on E! Stream Botched on hayu in the UK & Ireland
Collinson FX Market Commentary - Feb 15 - US touts interest rate rise
- Millennium Cup and Bay of Islands Sailing Week, January 2017 Steve Western - Millennium Cup and Bay of Islands Sailing Week, January 2017 Steve Western www.kingfishercharters.co.nz
by Collinson FX today at 1:34 amFed President Yellen made their bi-annual appearance in front of congress informing them of expected rate rises during the current year. They cited growth and inflation as the reason for interest rate rises and that it would be wise to address them sooner rather than later.This supported the Dollar, with the EUR slipping to 1.0560, while the Yen traded 114.30. German GDP and CPI data was steady, but hardly inspirational, from the EU engine room. UK CPI contracted 0.5%, while the annualised number remained steady, unsettling the resurgent currency (1.2460). A rise in Australian business conditions allowed the AUD to approach 0.7700, during local trade, but Yellen's testimony put paid to the rally.The AUD slipped back to 0.7640, while the NZD dipped below 0.7150, also hit by a bullish reserve. The wealth of economic data will impact individual currencies while underlying currency moves continue to be dominated by the Dollar.
How To Get $20,000 Off The Price Of A Master's Degree
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $150,000 and $200,000.
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining, titled "Hot Day in Kensington Market," is one of 21 works in Kurelek's "Toronto" series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family.
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek, "Hauling Hay," fetched $94,400.
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort, whose piece "Smokestacks, Copper Cliff" sold for $33,040, which was six times its estimate of $3,000 and $5,000.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's a new royal baby! You probably haven't noticed; it's all been very low key.
But with the arrival of the as-yet-unnamed prince (unnamed at time of writing but I really hope I'm right and they call them something traditional, like Æthelweard) the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge join the Number Three Club.
It's an exclusive club filled with exhausted-looking parents. After all, the chances of a full night's sleep drop by around a third with each baby you have. But membership is also incredibly expensive.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Three is the magic number
According to research by the Centre for Economics and Business Research the cost of raising a child to 21 has now reached £230,000.
Of course, that falls a bit with each new child as you need to buy less new stuff for each, but a typical parent of three can probably expect to spend a good chunk of half a million before their youngest hits 21.
Fortunately for Will and Kate, I am already a mum of three, I'm monumentally tight-fisted and I've decided to share what I've learned.
After all, Prince William quit their job as a helicopter pilot last year so money must be tight.
So, here are my top tips for coping with the cost of three or more kids.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
1. Give up on hotels. Now.
Holidays are going to get a lot more expensive when you have three kids and two adults, especially once your youngest is out of a cot.
Being a family of five can mean that hotels demand you book two or more rooms; if you book a lodge or caravan they often demand you hire one that has space for five adults and refuse to let your kids top-and-tail.
In short, it can easily cost more per person than when you're a family of four. We get round this by avoiding hotels as much as possible.
We use AirBnB or similar rental websites and the savings are incredible. Last year we booked an entire flat in Edinburgh for a weekend for far less than a hotel room.
And when we decided to invite another relative and their three kids, the flat owner only charged us an extra £30.
Plus we could cook in the flat so we saved all the money we would have spent eating out.
If you do want to book a hotel and holiday then it can be worth ringing to see if you can all stay in one room.
Booking websites usually have a strict computer-says-no rule but get a human on the line and you can often come to a different agreement.
2. Almost everything can be second-hand
(Image: REUTERS)
Your first-born may have had everything brand new but your second child survived in hand-me-downs and your third baby will inherit clothes and accessories that have been twice round the block.
So if your second and third children are going to be using second-hand stuff then why not your firstborn too?
I regularly shop for toys, kit and clothing on local Facebook selling groups. In fact, I often buy second-hand designer outfits for less than the cost of new supermarket clothes.
I'll only buy new safety equipment, like car seats, but other than that second hand can be a bargain.
3. Stockpile birthday presents
Look, when you have three kids you will spend most of the rest of your life at other children's birthday parties.
Sorry, but that's your life now; each child will be invited to several parties a month, meaning every weekend will be spent attending at least one party.
Try to view it as a hobby, only with soft play or bowling instead of golf.
But these parties can get really expensive as you have to buy a present each time for the birthday boy or girl. This is where re-gifting is your friend.
When your child has a birthday party you will end up with 15+ presents just from the kids you invite.
That's a lot of extra toys to fit into a house that already has three children and three children's-worth of stuff in it.
So here's a tip: save those presents. Let your child open them, let them keep the ones they seem genuinely excited about (I'm not a monster) but carefully slide the ones they don't really care about out of sight and into a cupboard. Instant pile of presents for the next parties you attend.
Just make sure you keep a list of who gave what so you don't accidentally re-gift that bath sponge set back to the child who gave it to yours.
4. Go to museums (every. single. weekend)
Do you know how much it cost me to get three children and two adults into the zoo last week? More than £70! And the toddler was free so it's only going to get more expensive in a year.
That is why I like to spend most of our days out at museums and art galleries – not because I am wholesome and educational but because I am incredibly cheapskate.
Museums and galleries are mostly free. As long as I take a packed lunch with us then we can have a whole day out for just the cost of parking.
Since Will and Kate actually have a home in London (well, a palace), they can even hit up some of the country's top museums without having to fork out for a hotel.
5. If you're buying the happy family a present
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
Perhaps you're reading this because you need to buy a newbie threebie family a present soon. So here's a plea on their behalf.
By the time a couple have their third baby they have everything they need. They have every baby toy, every outfit and every accessory they will ever need. Ever. Plus a lot of stuff they don't need.
In fact, their house is probably so full of children's stuff that they're worried they will have to build an extra room just for the new baby's belongings.
So unless you're planning to buy their baby something it will keep for ever or sell to fund their 18th birthday party – think Faberge Egg – then you really don't need to.
What the parents almost certainly want is some hands-on practical help. The best thing you could buy for them is a takeaway or, better still, a few hours from a cleaner.
Maybe the Queen and Charles can club together and buy them both.
If you are having shoulder problems, they may be due to some heart disease risk factors and not just physical strain, warns a new study.
“If someone has rotator cuff problems, it could be a sign that there is something else going on. They may need to manage risk factors for heart disease,” said the study's lead author Kurt Hegmann, Professor at University of Utah School of Medicine in the US.
For the study, the researchers examined data from 1,226 skilled labourers. The more heart disease risk factors that each of the participants had racked up, including high blood pressure, high cholesterol, diabetes, the more likely they were to have had shouldered troubles.
The participants with the most severe collection of risk factors were 4.6 times more likely than those with none of the risk factors to have had shoulder joint pain. They were also nearly six times more likely to have had a second shoulder condition, rotator cuff tendinopathy.
Participants with mid-level heart risk were less likely to have had either shoulder condition, showed the findings published in the Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine.
“What we think we are seeing is that high force can accelerate rotator cuff issues but is not the primary driver,” Hegmann said. “Cardiovascular disease risk factors could be more important than job factors for incurring these types of problems,” they added.
It is possible that controlling blood pressure and other heart risk factors could alleviate shoulder discomfort, too, Hegmann noted.
CHIANG RAI, Thailand - Rescue teams in northern Thailand were giving crash courses in swimming and diving on Wednesday as part of preparations to extract a young football squad trapped in a cave and keen to end a harrowing 11-day ordeal.
A team of divers, medics, counselors and Thai navy SEALS were with the 12 schoolboys and their 25-year-old coach, providing medicines and food while experts assessed conditions for getting them out, a task the government said would not be easy.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters.
"Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," they said adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly.
A video released by the SEALS on Wednesday showed two rescuers in wetsuits sitting on an elevated part of the cave beside the boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets. They appeared to be in good spirits, occasionally laughing. It was not immediately clear when the footage was taken.
A torch is shone on each boy, who is a one by one say hello and introduce themselves with head bowed and hands clasped together in a traditional "wai" Thai greeting.
A young player in the foreground wears what appears to be the red England football jersey worn by the team in Tuesday's World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow. Another younger boy wears the blue shirt of English team Chelsea.
They were discovered by the SEALS and two British cave diving experts on Monday, having been incommunicado and in darkness since June 23, when a group outing at the caves led to a high-profile search and rescue effort.
News that the "Wild Boar" team had survived sparked celebrations and relief in a country transfixed by the drama, with almost blanket media coverage.
The rescue teams and volunteers were hailed as heroes in an outpouring of joy and relief on social media, and applauded by the country's prime minister, Prayuth Chan-ocha.
All 13 members of Thai junior football team found in flooded cave Open gallery
Efforts to open a communications line between the trapped team located 4 km (2.5 miles) from the mouth of the cave suffered a setback after equipment fell into the water, Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said on Wednesday.
The authorities were keen to get the boys out as soon as possible, but not if it was unsafe.
"All 13 don't have to come out at the same time. Who is ready first can go first," they told reporters.
"If there are risks then we will not be extracting them."
The focus is now on monitoring water levels, rain forecasts and extraction procedures. As of late Tuesday, some 120 million litres of water had been pumped out of the cave.
Officials on Tuesday dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months. Supplies have been prepared for that period of time, however.
Still, the victory was vindication of sorts for Gardiner, who was with Toronto five years ago when it blew a 4-1 third-period lead in dropping a 5-4 decision to Boston in the seventh game of that first-round series.
"In both scenarios we were down 3-1 and came back," Gardiner said. "Just have fun with it, the pressure is kind of off us.
"We're going to be going into that building, it's going to be rocking and we'll be ready to go."
In a one-game scenario, Babcock said the approach becomes a simple one.
"As the series goes on and as the playoffs go on, the games dummy down," they said. "What I mean by that it is just simplified.
"Simple plays and spend as much time in the offensive zone as you possibly can are what you want to do. Little things like winning faceoffs and taking care of the puck are so important. What we're going to ask of each guy is to do their individual part. Know your job and do it."
Toronto defenceman Morgan Rielly said the team that executes best will enhance its chances of advancing.
"I think that's what happens typically in these games," they said. "Both teams know one another pretty well, both teams have a pretty good idea of what the other team brings.
"It's just a matter of going out there and being motivated and being competitive and executing."
Babcock agreed, although Toronto should also be a confident bunch coming off the consecutive wins.
"In the National Hockey League, any time it's not going your way you've got to dig your way back," Babcock said. "I think because we had a foundation of confidence and were a good team we were able to do that.
"Saying that, it's a brand-new slate, here you go. The puck's going to get dropped and who's going to execute early and get on top of the other team? I think that's one of the keys in Game 7 for me. I think our guys — I don't think, I know — are excited."
Alex McKinnon at the 39th Sabre Australian Championship
Murray O'Brien is in eighth position presently.  They are from McCrae YC. - 39th Sabre Australian Championships Alex McKinnon © Murray O'Brien is in eighth position presently.  They are from McCrae YC. - 39th Sabre Australian Championships Alex McKinnon © http://www.alexmckinnonphotography.com
by Alex McKinnon today at 11:41 am
Report from Chelsea Baker:
Day Three of the 39th Sabre Australian Championship was conducted in completely different weather conditions from the previous two days of racing. The Sabres finally had a normal Black Rock day, which favoured the heavyweight sailors. The breeze was between 15 and 18 knots, flicking from 165 to 210, with a median at 195 degrees.
A seaway of up to 1.5 metres gave many the opportunity for some great surfing, with a few paying the price for the fun by earning a swim. Due to the conditions, there were also a number of DNF's and DNC's.
The competition at the top is very close, with only four points separating first to third. Scott Olsen leads on 13 points, James McLennan is next on 16, and Jon Holroyd has third place, one astern at 17 points.
.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/150852
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - Police in Ohio's capital city say two officers who fatally shot a black man last summer followed department policy on using force.
Columbus police on Wednesday announced the review board's findings about the conduct of officers Samuel James and Marc Johnson in the shooting of 30-year-old Kareem Ali Nadir Jones last July .
Police say they spotted Jones walking between cars and behaving erratically, then fired when their behavior escalated into a perceived threat. Police say body camera video shows Jones reaching for a gun in their waistband.
Their sister has said they think Jones was trying to toss the gun.
The officers weren't charged but face a lawsuit alleging the shooting was unjustified and they conspired to provide misleading information about what happened.
The local police union has denied those allegations.
The lawsuit also alleged Columbus police have practices and policies that allow for or encourage unreasonable force, despite a previous U.S. Justice Department lawsuit against Columbus over its use-of-force practices. The Justice Department dropped that matter in 2002 after concluding Columbus had made policy changes to help curb racial profiling and excessive force by police.
Ola's safety council will work towards supporting the government's objective of halving the number of road accidents and deaths by 2020. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: Cab aggregator Ola, operated by ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd, is setting up a road safety council of policy experts to work with the government to reduce road fatalities, according to two people aware of the plans.
The council's agenda includes the setting up of eye check-ups for 1 million driver partners, gender sensitivity training and first-responder training certification for drivers, said one of the people quoted above.
The council's member organizations are the Indian Road Safety Campaign, represented by its founder and president, Amar Srivastava; and the Centre for Social Research, led by its director, Ranjana Kumari. Its individual members are O.P. Agarwal, head, World Resources Institute (WRI); Parvinder Singh Pasricha, former director general of police, Maharashtra; and Dr. G.V. Ramana Rao, director, Emergency Medicine Learning Centre & Research.
Ola's safety council will also work towards supporting the government's objective of halving the number of road accidents and deaths by 2020. The agenda was part of a global high-level conference on road safety held in 2015 in Brazil where 220 delegate countries, including India, signed a declaration to reduce road accidents by 50% by 2020. The government has also constituted a national-level road safety council to take policy decisions in matters of road safety.
In addition to this, all states and Union territories were instructed to set up their own state road safety councils.
Ola will work with both public and private entities and will adopt a multi-functional approach for its safety council, the second of the people quoted above said. It will additionally implement working principles of the ‘United Nations Decade of Action for Road Safety', the person added.
The UN's road safety targets, which will be adopted by Ola envisage making improvements in areas such as road safety management, safety of road infrastructure and vehicles, behaviour of drivers and road users, and post-crash care.
According to statistics from the International Road Federation (IRF), India ranks first in road deaths in the world. There were at least 480,000 road accidents in the country in 2016 in which 150,000 people died. Accidents cost India 3% of its GDP, equalling $58 billion in value terms, according to IRF.
IRF data also shows that most road accident victims in India in 2016 were in the age group of 18 to 45. Drink driving, reckless driving, texting and talking on mobile phones and speeding were the main reasons for road accidents in India, according to IRF.
Earlier this week, the ministry of road transport and highways launched the 29th road safety week to cut road accidents.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's been a Sunday school and a sports club but if you have the patience of a saint and a good bit of muscle it could soon be your very own property development.
The former Empire Sports Club in St Agnes is set to go under the hammer later this month with a guide price of £1,300,000.
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
The hefty price tag reflects the fact that the Grade II-Listed plot has planning permission for 21 flats, two maisonettes and three houses.
One local expert said of the lot: “The Empire Sports Club is very close to my heart in its previous incarnation. A building I know well and which I think has huge potential as a residential development.
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
“The combination of contemporary interiors in this beautiful period façade, in such close proximity to both the city centre and the motorway network, will be highly desirable to professional tenants.
“The area can be described as on-the-up and with competitive sale prices and the potential rental returns, I think it presents a great opportunity for investor landlords.
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
“I would expect the one-bedroom apartments to achieve in the region of £750 to £850 PCM, the two-bedroom apartments and maisonettes between £1000 and £1100 PCM, and the two-bed houses and three-bedroom apartment between £1150 and £1250.”
Oliver Hollis of auctioneers Hollis Morgan, who are in charge of the sale, said: “It has been fascinating to watch how the St Pauls and St Agnes areas have changed over the last few years with continued investment in this previously overlooked location.
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
“Given its proximity to the city and Cabot Circus, we are seeing local, regional and London developers buying these sites with ever-increasing confidence.”
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
The property goes up for auction on Wednesday, February 21 at All Saints Church, Clifton, 7pm.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Investigators Say Austin 'Serial Bomber' May Have Used Tripwire In The Latest Blast
Enlarge this image toggle caption Suzanne Cordeiro/AFP/Getty Images Suzanne Cordeiro/AFP/Getty Images
Authorities say a fourth device that exploded in Austin, Texas, this month indicates a "serial bomber" — and one who is more sophisticated than the earlier bombs suggested.
Austin Chief of Police Brian Manley said Monday that investigators believe a tripwire might have been used in the device that exploded in a Southwest Austin neighborhood on Sunday night, injuring two men.
"The belief that we are now dealing with someone who is using tripwires shows a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill," they said, adding that if residents see suspicious objects that look out of place, "Do not even approach it, but instead call 911."
The fourth device exploded in the Travis Country neighborhood, which adjoins the Barton Creek Greenbelt. Two young men were walking along a sidewalk or the grassy area along it when they apparently tripped a wire, causing the bomb placed along a fence to detonate.
The neighborhood remains on lockdown. Police are asking residents for any video footage from any home security cameras that might show a possible suspect. No suspect has been identified in the case, which now has more than 500 agents working on it.
Manley said the victims of the latest blast are white males, ages 22 and 23, who both are now in the hospital with serious injuries.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Gay/AP Eric Gay/AP
The previous package bombs that have exploded in Austin since March 2 targeted people of color, as the Two-Way has previously reported: "The first two packages were left at the homes of black residents, while Manley described the septuagenarian victim of the third blast as a Hispanic woman."
With the fourth bomb, the investigation seems to have moved into a new phase for investigators — because of the device's design and the randomness of its victims.
"With this tripwire, this changes things," said Christopher Combs, special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio office. "It's more sophisticated. It's not targeted to individuals. We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."
Manley said it was too soon to know the motive behind the attacks or label them as domestic terror.
"That is something we are going to analyze," they said. "We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point, based on the similarities between what is now the fourth device. ... We will have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this, or something that will lead us, along with our federal partners, to make that decision."
"As we said from the beginning, we were not willing to classify this as terrorism, as hate, because we just don't know enough," they added. "And what we have seen now is a significant change from what appeared to be three very targeted attacks, to what was last night an attack that would have hit a random victim that happened to walk by. So we've definitely seen a change in the method that this suspect ... is using."
A tripwire can be made of materials including filament wire, metal or fishing line.
YouTube
Authorities are offering a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of a suspect in the case; Texas Crime Stoppers is offering an additional $15,000.
"We need this to stop," Combs said. "We are very concerned that people can get hurt just by walking now, when we have tripwires. A hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money, and we're hoping somebody knows something, and that they can call us, and help us stop what is going on here."
They also asked for the bomber to contact law enforcement.
"We don't understand why they are doing this," said Combs. "We have people here that they can talk to, and we would like that to occur. So we would like them to reach out and talk to us."
John Stamos and their wife Caitlin McHugh want more kids.
The happy couple welcomed their first child, a son named Billy, into the world in April this year just two months after tying the knot in February, and it seems they're already thinking about baby number two, as Caitlin says they want more children "as soon as [she] can".
Asked when the couple might have a second child, Caitlin said: "As soon as I can! Right now, Billy is extremely spoiled and we need to share the love, he's gotta share some of those toys and all the things that have been given to him. They need [siblings] to keep them grounded. If he's the only one, he'll get way too much love because there hasn't been a child on either side of our family in quite some time."
Whilst the couple's top priority is for their babies to be born healthy, 32-year-old Caitlin admits they would "love" a daughter.
They added: "I would love to give them a little girl, but we're happy with boy, girl, just healthy."
The 'Fuller House' star, 54, and their wife are loving their new lives as parents, and find everything Billy does to be "adorable" - even the gross stuff.
Caitlin said: "It's adorable. Even all the gas and stuff, everything they do is exciting. It's like, 'Oh yes, you pooped! That's great! You farted, that's great! You burped, right in my ear! You spit up in my face and I couldn't be happier. There's a lot of positive reinforcement in our house for literally everything."
And Caitlin is amazed at how their spouse has transitioned into the "perfect father", as they now take on diaper duty without any fuss.
Speaking about John to 'Entertainment Tonight', they said: "He used to say he's not going to change any diapers ... and he's changed so many diapers! They totally don't mind it. It's beautiful seeing [John] with Billy. It all feels so right. It feels like this is the way it should've always been. They come so naturally to fatherhood and I love watching it. I stare at the both of them all the time. [John is] 100% full-on active and fantastic ... He's perfect, he's a perfect father. I can't wait to give them more [kids]."
It makes sense for a famous person who wants to be unburdened from the sludge of trouble that comes with Twitter to operate a burner account. For all its pitfalls, the platform is unmatched in its ability to disseminate information quickly.
Public figures must walk a delicate line. Anything insightful and authentic they say can be put through the Problematic Machine. Anything trite and inoffensive is seen as boring. At the same time, few humans can quell the curious impulses that drive engagement via a made-up account.
So it's not surprising that Sixers president Bryan Colangelo allegedly had up to five of them, per The Ringer. What is surprising is that they allegedly showed such a tenuous grasp on how Twitter works by choosing to respond from those accounts. The same can be said about Kevin Durant, who had their own episode with fugazzi social media accounts.
These guys operated like the Wet Bandits, leaving obvious clues for investigators to follow. And for what gain? To defend their own honor from a egg profile with a dozen followers? In what world is that worth it?
The willingness to do this leads me to believe that we can't look at this issue through a rational lens. It's purely emotional. Celebrities are scratching an itch that must be scratched with burners. There must be some part of them that can't feel whole until they respond.
This is not a sports story. It's a human psychology story.
It'd be naive to think these two examples are far flung from the norm. This is the tip of the iceberg. There's a non-zero chance that troll you're arguing with online is a One Percenter. It could be the very player you ripped. Or coach you berated for not bunting the tying run to second.
Twitter is the Wild West. Verified accounts are supposed to be akin to sheriff's badges. But those sheriffs seem to be forming their own burner posses to hunt online for the outlaws who dare question their jurisdiction.
Why is this happening? Interestingly enough, because those in power have largely learned the No. 1 rule of survival in 2018: NEVER TWEET. The problem is that they've tried to create a loophole by breaking that rule under the guise of anonymity. So maybe the No. 2 rule should be NEVER TWEET FROM THOSE EITHER.
Do I expect things to change? No.
Twitter has a bizarre hold over people. Some of the richest and most powerful people in the world just can't quit it. Donald Trump, atop that list, maintains it as their favorite hobby. Elon Musk, who could be doing anything they want at any moment, including blasting stuff into space, willingly spends their time complaining about press coverage on the platform.
Whatever Twitter is doing to the human brain will take years to cure, if we ever get there. Everyone, of course, understands the one true prescription for the madness but can't abstain.
Burner accounts or not, it's a hell of a drug.
© Lucy Nicholson / Reuters
An illegal alien convicted of assaulting their wife was released by the city of Philadelphia, and shortly thereafter rearrested by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.Guillermo Leon-Sandoval, 35, was charged by Philadelphia police with unlawful bodily injury, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person, and false imprisonment.A federal judge then signed an active detainer and a criminal arrest order,After they were released, ICE rearrested Leon-Sandoval, who had been previously convicted of illegal entry in September 2014.," Gregory Brawley, acting field officer director for ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations Philadelphia, said in a statement. "In this case, the individual has been charged with recent violent crimes.."Philadelphia said it would turn over immigrants to ICE only if the agency has a warrant signed by a judge,It is one such sanctuary city that has opted to limit cooperation with federal officers over the enforcement of immigration law.The Justice Department has threated to cut millions of dollars in federal grants to cities if they don't cooperate with immigration officials."I commend ICE for arresting this individual pursuant to a federal judicial arrest warrant," U.S. Attorney William McSwain said in a statement. "The U.S. Attorney's Office is committed to enforcing federal law, including, of course, our immigration laws. We will continue working with all law enforcement agencies to keep our community safe."
How many attacks are there on health care facilities in Syria?
Dr. Rohini Haar, a public health researcher at the University of California, Berkeley, led a team that collected ground reports of attacks in 2016 in northern Syria, filed by civilians via cellphone text.
Haar wanted to find out if human rights organizations were missing anything in their reports. Sending outside investigators into a country, or monitoring news reports and social media, certainly has merit, they thought. "But that doesn't capture all the stuff that goes on day to day that people don't realize is also a violation of international law," they say.
They were shocked by the relentlessness of the attacks.
The data, which appears Tuesday in the journal PLOS Medicine, shows a total of 200 health care-related attacks in the governorates of Aleppo, Idleb, Homs and Hama. Haar and their team focused on these provinces because they include large, historically rebel-held cities — Idleb and Aleppo — that had already sustained a lot of violence.
Over 2016 that averages out to more than one attack every other day, says Haar. In the attacks their team analyzed, 112 health-care staff and 185 patients died.
To compile the data, researchers partnered with the Syrian American Medical Society, which operates and funds many of the hospitals that have sustained attacks in northern Syria.
SAMS hired eight civilians to visit the scene of attacks once it was safe, interview survivors and witnesses and take photos. The information was sent back to SAMS offices in Gaziantep, Turkey, via text message or an app-based questionnaire. SAMS checked these details against other witnesses' reports.
Haar and their team found that the majority of attacks occurred via aerial bombing, so it was difficult to identify a perpetrator. These attacks from above nearly always damaged structures. As a result of the attacks, eight clinics and hospitals were permanently closed; 41 other health-care facilities closed temporarily.
Even when health facilities manage to survive these attacks, the threat to medical care remains, says Dr. Ahmad Albaik, a physician who works with SAMS to administer health care in Syria. Albaik is based in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Before Albaik worked on this study, they practiced medicine in Aleppo between 2013 and 2015. They saw the effects of these attacks firsthand: Patients begin to fear hospitals because of the risk of bombing during treatment, they say, and doctors would leave areas where clinics sustain attacks. "If they can't have a safe place to work to care for people's lives, and they are a target as well, they will leave," they say.
A previous effort to identify the number of attacks in northern Syria, by Physicians for Human Rights, used information from press reports and social media to tally and verify 90 attacks on health facilities in 2016.
PHR focuses strictly on attacks on health facilities and verifies incidents only after receiving two independent reports. With on-the-ground photos and reports from multiple witnesses, Haar's team could verify more attacks and could also tally attacks on patients, health workers and ambulances.
Although the new data exceeds other estimates of attacks on health care in northern Syria in 2016, Haar still thinks their results underestimate the total violence against medical facilities and workers. "There's probably a whole subset of incidents that everybody's missing," Haar says. SAMS data collectors were much more likely to report attacks on large hospitals than smaller, rural clinics.
"The fact that these numbers are no doubt a minimum is also shocking," says Susannah Sirkin, a senior adviser at Physicians for Human Rights.
Sirkin does not believe the health facilities are suffering collateral damage in general attacks. Because health facilities are often the largest buildings in rural areas of Syria and because hospitals have experienced repeated bombings, they believe they are being deliberately targeted — a violation of humanitarian law.
Haar agrees, noting that most hospitals in Syria no longer display the Red Cross or Red Crescent markings that brands them as medical facilities. "They've been removed because they're creating a giant target, literally," they say. Unfortunately, they say, the GPS coordinates of larger hospitals and clinics are already known, so they're still under threat.
Haar's data shows that 33 hospitals sustained more than one attack in 2016. Two hospitals in Aleppo city were attacked over 10 times. From such a barrage, Sirkin says, "you can infer complete intent to destroy access to health care for the the sick."
According to reports, the Syrian government and Russia, its ally, have denied targeting health facilities.
The violence of the civil war doesn't seem to be letting up. WHO has launched an effort to track attacks on health care facilities, personnel, and patients by combining data from nongovernmental organizations and U.N. agencies. So far, it counts 74 such attacks in Syria in 2018.
"There are no safe places," Albaik says.
Menaka Wilhelm is a freelance writer covering health and technology. She's on Twitter: @menakawilhelm.
GAIL (India) shares have underperformed the broad market so far this calendar year. Graphic: Mint
GAIL (India) Ltd missed Street expectations in the March quarter (Q4), with its Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) of Rs1,695 crore falling short. This was primarily owing to disappointing numbers from the petrochemicals business and weaker performance of the gas trading segment.
Sure, petrochemicals volumes increased year-on-year and sequentially as well. However, realizations were lower compared to last year's March quarter and there were input costs pressures too. In fact, the gas trading business was also adversely affected due to higher input costs, leading to shrinking of margins.
The company's natural gas transmission volume declined sequentially to 106 million standard cubic metres per day (mscmd) from 109 mscmd in the December quarter. Antique Stock Broking Ltd pointed out in a note to clients that volumes were negatively impacted by lower offtake from the power sector and a drop in domestic production (-3.5mscmd quarter-on-quarter), which got partially offset by higher liquefied natural gas (LNG) imports.
In comparison, liquefied petroleum gas and liquid hydrocarbons delivered a satisfactory performance.
Overall, pre-exceptional items and tax earnings declined 4.7% year-on-year to Rs1,577 crore. A sharp decline in other income also adversely affected net profit performance to that extent.
GAIL (India)'s shares fell 5% on 24 May in reaction to the numbers, although they have recovered since. Valuations seem inexpensive at about 14 times estimated earnings for this fiscal year.
What's more, there are a few encouraging factors from a medium-term perspective. Higher crude oil prices are expected to offer some relief for the company's US LNG contracts. Soft Henry Hub gas prices, higher Asian LNG prices and benign shipping costs imply, though, that these contracts are now profitable and remain so above $60 a barrel (Brent Crude prices), pointed out analysts from Jefferies India Pvt. Ltd in a report on 25 May.
“The revenue drivers for GAIL are on a growth trajectory with transmission/ trading volume set to stay firm over coming quarters,” said Antique Stock Broking. Petrochemical earnings too should improve, as utilization improves at Pata-2 (petchem expansion in Uttar Pradesh).
Considering valuations aren't demanding and outlook on many segments is sanguine, if investors are patient, the wait might just bear some good fruit.
For A Church Defined By Tradition, Changing Catholic Doctrine Can Present A Problem
Pope Francis wants to make Roman Catholicism more relevant to Catholics' daily lives. Traditionalists say he's abandoning Catholic doctrine but many lay Catholics welcome it.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Fifty years ago this month, Pope Paul XI reminded Catholics that the church considered artificial birth control sinful. Their edict was mostly ignored. Actually, one effect was that it changed the way many Catholics view their church teachings. Many Catholics now say they want to decide on their own how to live out their faith. For a church defined by a tradition, that can present a problem, as NPR's Tom Gjelten reports.
TOM GJELTEN, BYLINE: Birth control is pretty much a moot issue for American Catholics. Eight of 10 says you can disobey the church ban and still be a good Catholic. And it doesn't stop there. A similar number says you don't have to go to church every Sunday or accept church teachings on divorce. Those are some of the findings from Mary Gautier's survey of American Catholics. She's a sociologist at Georgetown University.
MARY GAUTIER: They feel very strongly that they're being good Catholics by taking under advisement what the pope says and what the bishops say but making up their mind ultimately based on their own situation, their own conscience.
GJELTEN: These days, those situations often involve marriage and family questions.
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON: We thank you, Lord, for it's time to gather this morning.
GJELTEN: A group of women meets weekly at St. Anthony on the Lake, a Catholic parish near Milwaukee. They're married with children. Some are divorced.
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON: Known in our good and stable times and in our disoriented and difficult times.
GJELTEN: Marriage in the Catholic church is a sacrament, a covenant meant to be perpetual and designed to produce a family with children, but marriage is hard. It doesn't always last, and family life can be challenging.
KATE WIMMER: So many times, I just feel like I'm sort of failing as a parent, and then I came here and realized that everyone struggles and actually...
GJELTEN: Kate Wimmer is raising seven kids, including one from a previous marriage and three from their husband's previous marriage. The group leader, Kathie Amidei, speaks to the women about how they as a divorced mom learned to take responsibility for their own parenting.
KATHIE AMIDEI: If I could be that one good parent, and now that's what I teach to families that are going through divorces. You can't do anything about the other parent, but you can be that one good parent, and having one good parent changes the odds for a child.
GJELTEN: Catholic doctrine holds that marriages do not end with a divorce. They must be invalidated by the church. If Catholics remarry without that annulment, the new marriage is not recognized by the church, and they should not partake in communion. Not surprisingly, many Catholics who go through a divorce, Amidei says, feel estranged from their church community.
AMIDEI: For a Catholic, it's an embarrassment that's different than even the loss through death. It's - just has a particular stigma.
GJELTEN: Of course Amidei recognizes that the church itself with its strict ideas of marriage is partly responsible for stigmatizing divorce.
AMIDEI: I think as a lay minister in the Catholic church, as a lay woman in the Catholic church, I sort of know what I can do, and I know what I can't do. I can just care for them as best I can and not make them feel that shame and guilt. In many cases, you know, they can't stay married even if they want. So to punish that person or to make that person feel worse just doesn't make any sense to me.
GJELTEN: Amidei and others are on the Catholic front lines dealing with modern reality in a church context. They know what they're up against. If the church clings to old doctrinal positions, whether on birth control or divorce, it may lose touch with some Catholics who are wavering in their faith. That concern may have motivated Pope Francis two years ago when they issued a document urging priests to be sympathetic to Catholic couples in what they called imperfect or irregular situations.
But some Catholics expect their church to stand for something. They worry the Francis approach may weaken Catholic orthodoxy. This is the current controversy in Catholic circles. Joanne Perleberger is a lifelong Catholic at Saint Sebastian Parish in Milwaukee.
JOANNE PERLEBERGER: That's what a faith community is supposed to do - give you some guidance as to what the right path is.
GJELTEN: And do you think that that guidance has gotten a little bit weaker?
PERLEBERGER: Yes. They're trying to appeal to as many people as possible, which is a good thing. On the other hand, it dilutes what the message is.
GJELTEN: Like other Catholic leaders, Milwaukee Archbishop Jerome Listecki aims for a balance - serving their flock while also defending the faith. Their emphasis is on what they call the truth of church teachings over the years.
JEROME LISTECKI: To be consistent to that is important. Why - because when you start to push yourself away from that, that's when you lose the uniqueness. If we're supposed to be like everybody else in the secular world, then we're not going to be the Catholic church.
GJELTEN: In fact, U.S. Catholics may already be less Catholic than they used to be. Fifty years ago, about half of all Catholic children in the U.S. were educated in Catholic schools. Now it's less than 20 percent.
GAUTIER: It suggests a gradual social change occurring.
GJELTEN: Mary Gautier of Georgetown University.
GAUTIER: The American Catholic church I think is assimilating ever further into American popular culture.
GJELTEN: Such an assimilation may be easier for some Christian traditions than for others. For Catholics with a papal lineage going back 2,000 years, modernizing the faith is a real challenge. Tom Gjelten, NPR News.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
New York Times: “Every day dozens of Puerto Ricans pour into the Orlando area, fleeing their homes and lives ravaged by Hurricane Maria. In the months to come, officials here said, that number could surge to more than 100,000. And those numbers could remake politics in Florida, a state where the last two presidential and governor's races were decided by roughly one percentage point or less.”
“There are more than a million Puerto Ricans in Florida, a number that has doubled since 2001, driven largely until now by a faltering economy. But their political powers have evolved slowly in this state, and the wave of potential voters from the island could quickly change that calculus.”
FILE - In this April 8, 2018, file photo, Patrick Reed reacts to a putt on the 18th hole during the fourth round at the Masters golf tournament in Augusta, Ga. The Masters title is why Reed probably had the best performance for the first half of the season. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File)
FILE - In this April 8, 2018, file photo, Patrick Reed reacts to a putt on the 18th hole during the fourth round at the Masters golf tournament in Augusta, Ga. The Masters title is why Reed probably had the best performance for the first half of the season. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File)
The PGA Tour began the second half of the season at the Texas Open, with Andrew Landry becoming the seventh first-time winner.
Never mind that it feels as though the season is just getting started.
Still to come are three majors and The Players Championship. Not to be overlooked are the FedEx Cup playoffs. Quibble about points and prestige, but they deliver four tournaments over five weeks of the top available players.
Most sports prefer to become more relevant the closer they get to the finish line, so that's one benefit of the PGA Tour's wraparound season.
The opening 22 weeks featured one major and three World Golf Championships, one of them in Shanghai last October, the other two in March separated by two weeks. Justin Thomas, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire are multiple winners. Dustin Johnson should be. Jordan Spieth would settle for one victory at this point.
The first half did a good job setting the table for what should be a compelling five months.
BATTLE FOR NO. 1
Not long after Dustin Johnson closed with a 67 at the RBC Heritage, they left for the Bahamas as part of a three-week break. Their tie for 16th at Hilton Head was important. It assured Johnson of staying at No. 1 for a few more weeks, but maybe not by the time they return at TPC.
They will be No. 1 for at least 62 weeks, significant in that only three other players have stayed atop the world ranking longer since it began in 1986 - Nick Faldo (81 weeks), Greg Norman (96 weeks) and Tiger Woods (264 weeks and 281 weeks).
It might not last much longer. Thomas, who could have replaced Johnson by winning their semifinal match in the Dell Technologies Match Play, gets another chance next week at the Wells Fargo Championship. That's at Quail Hollow, where Thomas won the PGA Championship last summer.
Jon Rahm also had a chance to get to No. 1 in January until a 75-77 weekend at Torrey Pines.
With so many big tournaments coming up, a half-dozen players are in the mix for No. 1 by the end of the season.
BEST SEASON
Patrick Reed can easily claim this because of that green jacket they love to (and should) show off. Winning the Masters makes it a great year no matter what else happens, and Reed will have a hard time topping this one even if they win all five Ryder Cup matches in France.
Three others are worthy of consideration.
Thomas faced a most difficult encore after they won five times last season, including their first major, the PGA Championship, and the FedEx Cup. They have backed it up so far with two victories. One of them was the Honda Classic, where they made two birdies on the par-5 18th - with a wedge to force a playoff, and with a 5-wood to set up the win.
Watson won against two strong fields at Riviera and Match Play. Kizzire won't get as much recognition from winning at the OHL Classic at Mayakoba in the fall and the Sony Open in January. But they went head-to-head in beating Rickie Fowler in Mexico and won a six-hole playoff on Oahu. In a rarity, they won twice in a season while ranked outside the top 100 in the world.
TIGER ANNIVERSARY
One year ago, the Texas Open was the same week Woods had their fourth back surgery, and all sorts of speculation followed. Would they ever play again? Did they even want to play again? And if they did, how much would fusion surgery limit him?
The answers: Yes, yes and not much.
They recorded a swing speed of 129 mph. They were runner-up by one shot at the Valspar Championship. A year ago, no one would have been surprised if they missed the Masters. Instead, the surprise was that they didn't break par until Sunday and tied for 32nd.
Interesting about Woods at this point in the season is that they played three of their six tournaments on courses where they have never won.
THE REVIVALS
Even as the PGA Tour gets younger, five players in their 40s managed to win.
Phil Mickelson tops the list. Ian Poulter isn't too far behind.
Their victory drought approaching five years, Mickelson was on the verge of falling out of the top 50 in the world for the first time in 25 years when they ran off four consecutive top 10s, the last one a playoff victory in the Mexico Championship.
Poulter had gone more than six years without a win, would have lost their full PGA Tour card last year except for a clerical error and then was told at the Dell Match Play that they were in the Masters, when in fact they needed to win one more match (which they lost badly). Poulter opened with a 73 the following week in Houston, answered with rounds of 64-65, made a 30-foot birdie putt on the 18th to force a playoff and won on the first extra hole to get into the Masters.
Those victories will go a long way in getting Mickelson and Poulter to France in the fall as captain's picks if they don't qualify for their Ryder Cup teams.
But it's early.
Even though one half of the season is gone, the bigger half is coming up.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) - Mississippi's only abortion clinic sues state after governor signs nation's most restrictive abortion law.
Hundreds were on hand Saturday, February 11, for the Annual Cupid's Undie Run. Held around Valentine's Day, it's a one-mile(ish) run in downtown St. Louis while donning your best boudoir attire. Pre- and post-run festivities are held at The Barn at PBR in Ballpark Village. They're not crazy, just crazy serious about raising money for The Children's Tumor Foundation.
World of Warships is the ultimate battle of the seas, as you battle opponents across 4 classes – destroyers, cruisers, battleships and aircraft carriers. To begin, your ships are fairly basic, but as you gain experience and unlock (or buy) upgrades, you're capabilities to attack and defend grow dramatically.
Recently World of Warships added a new vessel, that is the icon Australia HMAS Vampire. While Australia's South Australia is about to go through another major ship building boom, this was one of Australia's first all-welded ships to be built in the country, constructed at Cockatoo Island Dockyard between 1952 and 1959. Despite the age, it packs some very impressive firepower.. with a firing range of more than 10km, Torpedos that can be deployed up to 6km at 53 knots and can power along at 34 knots. With technical upgrades in the game, you can enhance these specs to make it more maneuverable and more destructive and powerful.
The game requires you to be tactical about your movements and diligent about your selection of attacks. Positioning and re-positioning your ship, ensuring you stay within the optimal firing range, will ensure you have the best chance at success. If you can work together with others, as team strategy behind the attack or defense will definitely be beneficial in accomplishing your objectives.
The water-set MMO game comes to us from developers, Lesta Studio, a subsidiary of Wargaming.net the people that Brought you World of Tanks, World of Warplanes.
The game is free to play, so give it a try, just head over to https://worldofwarships.asia/ If you get a chance over the Christmas period, you'll likely find me playing like a drunken sailor, thanks to this amazing bottle of ‘Navy-strength' Rum that arrived to celebrate the launch of the HMAS Vampire.
RIYADH – The Council of Ministers on Monday authorized the General Authority for Statistics to start preparations to conduct the general census for the year 2020.
The Cabinet reviewed a report presented by Minister of Economy and Planning, who is also chairperson of the board of the General Authority for Statistics, in this regard. It was instructed to start the census work in the current Hijri year itself.
Fahd Al-Tukhaifi, president of the authority, said that the Cabinet has instructed all the government and private sectors to take an active role in making the exercise a great success.
They said that the Kingdom's fifth general census will cover a headcount of all the inhabitants, including citizens and expatriates, as well as residences. “This will be the first census of its kind that relies on the information recorded in the administrative registries with regard to Civil Status number, ID numbers of Saudis and expatriates, and registries based on the statements of the Ministry of Commerce and those agencies dealing with the National Address system such as Saudi Post,” they said.
According to the last census published in 2010, Saudi Arabia's population, as of April 2010, was 27,136,977: 18,707,576 Saudi nationals and 8,429,401 foreigners.
Sahara Force India F1 Team driver Sergio Perez says the car felt good during Free Practice 1 this morning, but they will be making some changes overnight to maximise their potential in the Japanese Grand Prix.
During the first practice session of the weekend, the team tried to fit in as much dry running as possible in case it would be their only rain free session of the weekend, and the VJM10 appeared to perform well.
“We knew it would be a difficult day because of the weather, so we chose to maximise the morning session to complete as much dry running as we could.
“We did some aero testing and we need to analyse the data to make sure we choose the right direction for tomorrow.
“The car was working well in the dry, but we need to make some changes tonight to make sure I am totally comfortable.”
Free Practice 2 was hit by rain however, and was delayed for around one hour, before the green flag finally got the session underway.
Perez did head out on track for a few laps, just to see how the car performed in wet conditions, and was reasonably happy that they have some data to work from, should it rain on Saturday.
“When the rain arrived this afternoon, I went out to do a few laps just to get a feel for the balance in the wet conditions.
“There was a lot of standing water so we didn't do many laps, but at least we have run on the wet tyres in case it rains again tomorrow.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ander Herrera believes Manchester United target Antoine Griezmann is one of the best players in the world.
The Spaniard named them among Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar when asked for their opinion on the game's greats.
The Atletico Madrid forward has been continually linked with a move to Old Trafford, and Jose Mourinho is expected to make a move for them in the summer.
The 26-year-old is set to be offered a huge new deal by Atletico to try and fend of interest from United, with Griezmann currently earning £120,000-a-week.
(Photo: Bongarts/Getty Images)
(Photo: John Peters)
The new contract negotiations will include a jaw-dropping £130million buy-out clause, as well as an increased wage of £180,000-a-week.
Speaking to NBC about the best players in football, Herrera said: "In my opinion they [Eden Hazard] has been the best player in the league this year."
"He's one of the best in the world. After Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo you have Neymar, Hazard, Griezmann and Paul [Pogba]."
Herrera has been in the good books of Red Devils fans of late, after they put in a man of the match performance in their 2-0 win over Chelsea.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
The 27-year-old picked out Marcus Rashford with a delightful ball to break the deadlock before adding a second himself.
Their solid display even led to some supporters calling for Mourinho to make them the club's next permanent captain.
Bollywood's biggest stars, headed by megastar Salman Khan, are coming to the Chicago area and bringing a live concert experience with the Da-Bangg Reloaded tour.The tour will stop in Chicago on June 23.For more information and to find out how to purchase tickets, visit dabanggreloaded.com
UCL is currently tackling an attack that managed to sneak past its security systems
University College London (UCL) has come under fire from a ransomware attack, which appears to have encrypted filed belonging to the university's academics.
A source familiar with the issue told Silicon that UCL has suffered a cyberattack, and UCL later confirmed that the attack appears to be a zero-day exploit that has seen it hit with a ransomware attack.
Further details on the attack are unclear; Silicon has contacted UCL for more information but has yet to receive a response.
UCL hack
“Yesterday we suffered a ransomware infection that has infected a number of users personal and shared drives. We took the decision to disable access to the UCL N and S drives and some other systems to reduce the likelihood of further infection,” said UCL's Information Services Division (ISD).
“Currently it appears the initial attack was through a phishing email although this needs to be confirmed. It appears the phishing email was opened by some users around lunchtime today. The malware payload then encrypted files on local drives and network shared drives. The virus checkers did not show any suspicious activity and so this could be a zero-day attack.”
As a result of th suspended use of its shared and networked storage drives, UCL's is likely to suffer disruption to its daily academic operations.
The ISD is looking to restore the drive to a previous known working state once the infection has been tackled to bypass the encryption, though this could lead to the loss of data.
As one of the leading universities in the world, UCL has a veritable treasure trove of academic information, research and valuable projects carried out in conjunction with industry, all of which are of significant value.
No doubt UCL has robust cybersecurity systems and policies in place, but the as the flaw was not detected and potentially falls into the category of ‘zero-day', the university was arguably defenceless against such an attack.
Public sector organisations appear to be having a horrid time with cyberattacks at the moment, notably with the WannaCry ransomware which wreaked havoc across a large amount of NHS hospitals.
There are ways to tackle such threats as Trend Micro told us as Infosecurity 2017, but it requires a good deal of leg work.
Quiz: What do you know about cybersecurity in 2017?
CARDIFF, Wales — A depleted Wales brought an overhyped Scotland back to earth by doing what it usually does to the Scots in Cardiff — beating them.
The only surprise was the scoreline, a whopping 34-7 with a four-tries bonus point on Saturday.
Valid expectations of a tight contest - Wales without eight Lions, more than 500 caps, and Scotland willing to give it a lash - were ripped up in the first minutes as Wales started fast with two tries to lead 14-0.
Scotland settled and drew the majority of possession but kept dropping passes or conceding penalties and didn't stress the Wales defence until the very end.
Wales fullback Leigh Halfpenny, who hadn't scored a test try in five years, scored two for the first time since the same fixture in 2012. Back then they collected 22 points, on this occasion 24, becoming the third Welshman after Neil Jenkins and Stephen Jones to pass 700 points in tests.
After bombing at least three other tries, Wales bagged a bonus-point fourth with a Steff Evans dive and one-hand touchdown in the left corner. Hadleigh Parkes' last pass was forward and missed by the officials, but it began from yet another turnover and Scotland, which hasn't won in Cardiff in 16 years, couldn't complain about the margin of defeat.
Scotland strung its longest series of phases together at the very end for a converted try for replacement centre Peter Horne and prevented being blanked.
But the Scots, who have grown tough at home, still can't get over a woeful record away from Murrayfield: This was their 16th loss in their last 18 away matches in the championship.
By The Associated Press
Songs of the City started in 2014, the concept of Michael James, an actor turned entrepreneur who became a volunteer with the United Way in Toronto. Their vision was to marry deeply personal life narratives with musical interpretations, as part of an evening of celebration to thank and help donors understand the impact of their philanthropy.
United Way agencies in eastern Canada have embraced the program, and for the first time, the United Way of St. Catharines.
In the spirit of appreciation, the events are always free and open to the public, however the Friday program is sold out.
Musicians Jackie Richardson and Shakura Saida will also tell stories through song. And woven around these narratives are other musical performances that will include the Laura Secord Secondary School Concert Choir, led by teacher Dave Sisler.
The stage will be like an emotional sponge, saturated with stories of courage and defeat, tragedy and triumph, joy and loss.
"Something is created that is so beautiful, so intimate," says James. "Because they're willing to share with each other."
In each case, a singer/songwriter is paired with a speaker through a process that matches characteristics such as personality and their style of expression. A singer carries a weight of responsibility to create lyrics and music that exemplifies an often painful part of a speaker's life.
One vocalist told James: "I will never get these people out of my head."
When Lica and Bell met, there was an instant human connection. Lica scribbled notes as they listened to Bell tell their story. Bell was refreshingly candid and open, they say.
When Bell was 17 years old, they were sexually assaulted at a party. When their boyfriend heard about it, they ridiculed them Blamed them Then they called them a "f---ing rag doll."
Their words, disparaging, degrading and deeply hurtful, became their internal voice. Slut. Whore. Worthless. "I was nothing," they said.
They started stripping for fast cash, and using crystal meth to forget about their broken, out-of-control life. "She (the drugs) made me feel like everything was perfect," says Bell.
Over the years, those words lost their power. Bell went into rehab, and regained control of their life with help from Hope House, an emergency homeless shelter since closed in Welland, and the YWCA Niagara Region which gave their housing and support.
They earned their high school diploma, and enrolled at Niagara College. These days, they have made amends with their family, are in a healthy, long-term relationship and works as a hair stylist in St. Catharines.
Them strength is the essence of Lica's song, Rag Doll. A belittling insult, transformed into a source of empowerment.
"I wanted to reclaim the words that had hurt her," says Lica. "I wanted something more triumphant at the end.
"I'm using a word that had hurt them so much and I was afraid of putting them back in a bad place.
"But as humans, we persevere."
Indeed, the last line of the chorus, a line often repeated: I'm stronger than you'll ever know.
Bell cried when they read the lyrics
"I'm not a piece of fabric," says Bell. "I'm not something to be thrown away. I'm a person who deserves love."
They will hear their song in its entirety for the first time during a private rehearsal this week.
And on Friday night, it will be public.
They have shared parts of their story before with smaller audiences because they see it as an opportunity to work on themselves spiritually.
"The more you talk about something the less power it holds over you."
Cheryl.Clock@niagaradailies.com
905-225-1626 | @Standard_Cheryl
Cheryl.Clock@niagaradailies.com
905-225-1626 | @Standard_Cheryl
Work is progressing on the Ballina Memorial Pool upgrade.
Work is progressing on the Ballina Memorial Pool upgrade. Ballina Shire Council
PROPOSED changes to public pool fees in Ballina and Alstonville will go on public exhibition in the coming months.
As the completion of major upgrades on both pools draws near, Ballina Shire Council has adopted a draft list of increased entry fees.
Under the draft plan, day entry fees would increase to $4.50 for children (from $4) and adults will pay $5.50 (rather than $5), while concession passes will remain at $4.50.
Full season passes will be $320 for children and concession (was $185 and $195 respectively), and $360 for adults (was $215).
Full season family passes (for two adults and two children, or one adult and three children) are $800, plus $100 for each additional child.
The council also plans to bring in a more affordable three month pass.
Ballina Shire Council general manager Paul Hickey said the improved amenities and longer season would offset the increased fees.
While Ballina pool would typically be open from September 15 to April 25, while Alstonville pool would operate from September 1 to May 15, both are expected to open in late July or August this year and close on May 31.
"It's a different, facility, it's a heated facility," Mr Hickey said.
The upgrades include the heating of the Ballina pool and improved heating at the Alstonville facility, children's wet play areas, dedicated training pools, improved picnic and barbecue facilities, shaded spectator areas, improved accessible amenities and additional lanes to bring the 50m pools to competitive swimming standards.
Mr Hickey said the draft fees were designed to benefit those who use the pools more than once a week and will be on public exhibition in May or June.
Ballina Memorial Swimming Club president Nicole Wagland feared the higher fees could scare some pool users away.
"We're keen to see it open but I think that will definitely affect our membership," Ms Wagland said.
"The ratepayers are paying for that."
Ms Wagland suggested the council could offer ratepayers a discount on entries, given the special rate inclusion incurred by the project.
They were hopeful the club would draw back strong numbers when the pool reopens.
"We have lost members who are competitive swimmers who have gone to other clubs," they said.
"They're driving 45 minutes or an hour ... so they can continue swimming because we haven't got a pool.
They said one of their trainers had been able to rent one lane at the Ross Lane swimming pool, but this had limited capacity and could not cater to their entire cohort.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A Kansas Senate committee has advanced a budget-balancing proposal from Democrats to raise $1.2 billion over two years by increasing income taxes.
The Assessment and Taxation Committee on Tuesday forwarded a bill to the Senate that contains the plan. But the Republican-controlled panel specifically did not endorse the measure in its voice vote.
Majority Leader and Overland Park Republican Jim Denning said the Senate would debate tax issues Thursday.
The bill ends an income tax exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners and restores a third tax bracket eliminated in 2012. It sets the top rate at 6.45 percent instead of the current 4.6 percent.
The committee refused to advance a plan from Republican Gov. Sam Brownback to boost cigarette and liquor taxes and business filing fees.
Austin: India's newest golf star Shubhankar Sharma will start their World Golf Championships-Dell Technologies campaign with a mouth-watering opening match against reigning Masters Tournament champion, Sergio Garcia.
The 21-year-old, who was tied ninth at the WGC Mexico Championship after leading on day two and three earlier this month, will also face American Xander Schauffele, the 2017 PGA TOUR Rookie of the Year, and South Africa's Dylan Frittelli, in Group 7 of the preliminary stage at Austin Country Club starting Wednesday.
"I think it's a great group. I've played with Xander before and I know Dylan well. It will be a great group with Sergio there as well. I'll have to play my best and make as many birdies as possible," said Sharma.
While the Indian prospect will be making their debut at the WGC-Dell Technology Match Play, which is exclusive to the leading 64 players in the world, Shubhankar will be able to lean on some match play experience following their triumph at the Indian Amateur in 2013.
"I love match play. The last time I played (that format) was 2013, when I played my last event as an amateur, and I ended winning the event. So I absolutely love match play as it's a lot of fun and you go for a few shots which you don't normally do in stroke play events," Shubhankar said. "You just have to be as aggressive as possible which is the best part about match play," they added.
In-form Thai, Kiradech Aphibarnrat was in upbeat mood after being drawn into Group 3 alongside World No 3 Jon Rahm of Spain and American duo Chez Reavie and Keegan Bradley. After yesterday's draw, they said: "My last two wins were match play events so I'm not worried. Match play is fun and it's all about making birdies. It fits my aggressive style of play and I'm always willing to go for my drives or to shoot for the flags, even in stroke play events."
China's Haotong Li, who is making their debut in Austin this week, was drawn into Group 4 alongside Jordan Spieth, Patrick Reed and Charl Schwartzel while Japanese star Hideki Matsuyama is in Group 5 with countryman Yusaku Miyazato, Cameron Smith and Patrick Cantlay. Li faces Reed in their first match tomorrow.
Siwoo Kim of South Korea, reigning THE PLAYERS champion, will face American veteran Pat Perez, Gary Woodland and Webb Simpson in Group 15. The winners of each group will proceed into the knock-out phase to be played over the weekend.
Coutinho no closer to leaving Liverpool for Barcelona - Klopp
Jurgen Klopp says there has been no change to Philippe Coutinho's situation at Liverpool, despite their transfer request.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 22:03 IST
Liverpool star Philippe Coutinho is reportedly a major transfer target for Barcelona.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says there has been no change regarding the future of Philippe Coutinho, who is reportedly wanted by Barcelona.
The Brazil star is said to have handed in a transfer request last Friday, just hours after a statement from Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group made it clear they will not entertain any offers for the player.
Coutinho missed Saturday's 3-3 draw with Watford with a back injury and will not be involved in Tuesday's Champions League play-off first leg with Hoffenheim due to the problem.
Klopp stated at the weekend the 25-year-old's uncertain future was not a distraction, but suggested the final decision on whether they will stay at the club could be out of theirs hands.
However, speaking ahead of the clash at the Rhein-Neckar Arena, Klopp stressed there has been no development to the saga.
"Nothing has changed in the last few days, not on the one side or the other side," they said.
"He's not available for us at the moment so that's the main issue. They cannot play for Liverpool at this moment and it's quite a blow for us.
"But we've known about it for a few days so we can prepare, like we have to prepare without Adam Lallana, Daniel Sturridge who is really close, two more sessions and he'll be available for the weekend.
"The best thing would be for this team to stay together for four, five years, although I know it's quite naive to say things like that.
"I really understand that everyone's interested in this but I can't say that I'm really thinking about it at this moment.
"I didn't think on the way to this press conference, 'what can I say if they ask?'. I've said everything about it that I can say. I have no other answers."
By The Associated Press
Sunday, Dec. 10 EAST
Fairfield 76, LIU Brooklyn 72
Maine 104, Maine at Machias 51
Navy 73, Columbia 68
Robert Morris 74, Drexel 60
St. Francis (Pa.) 93, Niagara 87, OT
Villanova 77, La Salle 68
Wagner 75, Mercy 41
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50
Coll. of Charleston 92, North Greenville 60
ETSU 94, Hiwassee 48
FAU 106, Webber International 46
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53
High Point 110, Toccoa Falls 39
LSU 97, UNC-Wilmington 84
N. Kentucky 91, E. Kentucky 63
Richmond 74, James Madison 71
Southern Miss. 89, Troy 71
UNC-Asheville 97, Milligan 60
UT Martin 127, Cincinnati Clermont 92
Virginia Tech 93, Md.-Eastern Shore 40
MIDWEST
Arizona St. 95, Kansas 85
Cleveland St. 89, Notre Dame College 56
Iowa 91, Southern U. 60
Iowa St. 78, Alcorn St. 58
N. Iowa 80, Dubuque 47
Ohio 89, W. Kentucky 84
SIU-Edwardsville 76, South Alabama 75
South Dakota 75, E. Washington 73
SOUTHWEST
Oral Roberts 73, Missouri St. 66
FAR WEST
Hawaii 82, Hawaii Hilo 64
N. Colorado 104, Oklahoma Panhandle State 53
UNLV 89, Illinois 82
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CRANBERRY TOWNSHIP, Pa. — Sidney Crosby has faced the Washington Capitals three times in the playoffs. All three times the Pittsburgh captain has led their team to victory. And all three times the Penguins used the win as the springboard to a raucous mid-June parade with the Stanley Cup in tow.
Still, Crosby sounded like a cautious investor on Tuesday when asked if Pittsburgh has a mental advantage over rival Alexander Ovechkin and the Capitals heading into yet another post-season showdown in the Eastern Conference semifinals starting later this week.
Past performance, the two-time MVP stressed, does not guarantee future results.
"I think it depends on what you do in the series and how you play," Crosby said. "I don't think it plays a huge role. I guess to answer your question, no."
A mantra Crosby's teammates repeated over and over they prepared for yet another showdown in a rivalry that somehow manages to be both compelling and one-sided. Pittsburgh is 9-1 all-time in the post-season against Washington regardless of who is in the black-and-gold sweaters and who is in red, white and blue.
Not that Ovechkin is intimidated. The Capitals star said they "can't wait" to get another shot at the Penguins after spearheading Washington's first-round win over Columbus in six games. That's fine by Pittsburgh, which has played Lucy to Washington's Charlie Brown for more than a quarter century, dangling a potentially deep playoff run in front of the Capitals only to pull it back at the last minute.
The Penguins, however, remain wary. Just because they always beat Washington doesn't mean they're going to always beat Washington. The teams split their four meetings during the regular season, with the Capitals wrapping up their third straight Metropolitan Division title with a 3-1 win in Pittsburgh on April Fool's Day.
Of course, none of it matters once the puck drops in Game 1.
"It's a new year," Pittsburgh defenceman Kris Letang said. "The series is going to play out differently. The game is going to be won differently. You don't know how it is going to go. The only thing I know is it's a good rivalry, two really good teams, two teams that have a lot of punch offensively. It's going to be fun to be a part of."
Particularly for Letang. They missed all of Pittsburgh's run to a second straight Stanley Cup last spring while recovering from neck surgery, though they were able to make their way to the arena for Game 7 of the conference semifinals, when Marc-Andre Fleury stopped all 29 shots they faced and the Penguins escaped with a 2-0 victory to finish a series in which both teams scored 20 goals and won on opposing ice at least twice.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lion was killed by suspected barbiturate poisoning at a safari park dubbed 'Britain's worst zoo' after almost 500 animals died there.
It is thought the animal was fatally poisoned by contaminated meat.
An MP has called for a criminal probe into the death of Nero the African lion at South Lakes Safari Park in Cumbria - with the RSPCA also investigating.
Zoo boss Karen Brewer said the lion's collapse was as a result of barbiturate poisoning, and the cause is yet to be established.
The death of the four-year-old lion features in a new fly-on-the-wall BBC documentary, 'Trouble at the Zoo', which found it was thought to be poisoning by contaminated meat.
(Image: PA)
The film, set to air this week, highlights the bid by staff to rebuild the park's reputation after inspectors revealed 486 animals had died at the zoo between December 2013 and September 2016.
They included Padang, the 14-year-old Sumatran tiger which fatally mauled Sarah McClay as they worked in an enclosure in 2013.
A new company called Cumbria Zoo Company Ltd (CZCL) has since taken over the running of the safari park and council inspectors said they were 'highly encouraged' by improvements at the zoo last year.
Barrow MP John Woodcock said: "This is the latest in a distressing set of revelations. There is potential for a criminal investigation into how this lion died.
"We need a complete overhaul of the zoo inspection regime with a fit and proper persons test.
(Image: BBC)
"That would mean people who have been involved in previous regimes with mistreated animals cannot continue with the name changed on the licence for the owner."
The RSPCA backed the call for an investigation, with a spokesperson saying: "Worryingly, a planned inspection of the zoo by Barrow Borough Council, which is responsible for issuing its licence, has been postponed.
"We continue to have concerns that the running of this zoo is having an impact on the welfare of the animals."
They have written to Barrow council urging them to carry out an inspection jointly with them 'as a matter of urgency'.
A rhino was crushed to death by its partner, and a giraffe was shot in the previous death toll uncovered by Barrow council inspectors.
Poor management, emaciation, hypothermia, trauma and infighting caused by overstocked pens were all blamed for the high mortality rate.
(Image: PA)
Padang was 'culled' in 2016, three years after its fatal attack Scots-born Sarah, 24. It was one of three tiger deaths recorded. Snow leopards, a rhino, a tortoise, a squirrel monkey and two giraffes also died.
South Lakes opened in 1994 and housed more than 1,500 animals, including tigers, giraffes and rare birds. The zoo was fined £297,500 for health and safety breaches when Sarah died in 2013.
Zoo founder David Gill has faced criticism for their "intrusive" style, with inspectors recommending the zoo's licence should not be reissued until new management was in place.
The licence to run the zoo is no longer in their name and a spokesperson stressed they had 'stepped away from all management activities connected with the zoo' last year.
A new company called Cumbria Zoo Company Ltd (CZCL) is running the safari park and council inspectors said they were 'highly encouraged' by improvements at the zoo last year.
Related video: Paris zoo evacuated after baboons escape enclosure
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In a statement, Safari Zoo Chief Executive Ms Brewer said they were deeply saddened by the loss of Nero despite intensive care by vets and their animal care dept over 'four days and four nights'.
"Results that followed indicated that Nero's collapse was as a result of barbiturate poisoning," they added.
"Although we cannot determine 100 per cent where the contamination came from it is essential to try to ensure it does not happen again.
"Barbiturates can only be administered by a vet and could have come from Nero's food supply.
"We have an ongoing contract with a meat supplier to only deliver meat that has not received veterinary attention in any way.
"Nero was a firm favourite with both visitors and animal carers alike and they are deeply missed."
Willie Nelson was forced to cut short a concert in Salt Lake City after suffering respiratory issues on Sunday.
The 84-year-old country legend was performing at the USANA Amphitheatre when they began to experience breathing problems and was taken to a local hospital, according to Billboard.
Nelson gave an update on Twitter early Monday morning, blaming the incident on altitude sickness due to the venue's 4,300-foot altitude.
“I am sorry to have to cut the SLC show short tonight,” they wrote. “The altitude got to me. I am feeling better now & headed for lower ground.”
Christie Marcy, a music writer for Salt Lake Magazine who attended the concert, told the New York Daily News that the singer appeared to have “a hard time keeping up with the band” during the first half hour of the show.
A bandmate told the crowd that Nelson needed a break after the singer stepped off stage. However, a woman took the microphone five minutes later to tell the crowd the show was over.
“Willie loves y'all. They want you to get home safe, but the show's over,” they said, according to Marcy.
This is Willie I am sorry to have to cut the SLC show short tonight The altitude got to me I am feeling better now & headed for lower ground — Willie Nelson (@WillieNelson) August 14, 2017
Nelson canceled several shows in late January and early February due to a “bad cold,” but they have since returned to the road.
In March, their publicist corrected reports that the singer was “deathly ill,” insisting that they were instead “perfectly fine,” according to Billboard.
OTTAWA — Disgruntled Ottawa Senators fans want team owner Eugene Melnyk to know exactly how they feel, and their message is hard to miss.
Four billboards with the message #MelnykOut went up at four different locations across the city Monday, thanks to a GoFundMe campaign that raised more than $10,000 in less than a month.
The fund was started by fan Spencer Callaghan, whose growing frustration with Melnyk reached a breaking point after rumours began to swirl that captain Erik Karlsson might be traded.
On the GoFundMe page launched Feb. 23, Callaghan wrote: "Eugene Melnyk has decided that they would rather tear the team down and sell it for spare parts than admit they can no longer run it effectively. Sen fans and the city of Ottawa need to step up to save a pillar of this community."
They said billboards are a way for fans to be heard, and they feel that the current regime has driven players and front office staff away.
"One of the big things I was trying to do was get some attention for the fans message," said Callaghan on Monday afternoon.
"The really clear message I want to get through is this is not about this season, this is not about a bad season. This is about Daniel Alfredsson leaving, twice. This is about why Kyle Turris left, this is about why Mr. Leeder left, why Mr. Anselmi left. This is about a series of decisions over a long period of time."
Not everyone agrees with what Callaghan is doing, but they say they felt compelled to take action because of their passion for the Senators.
"I really don't think the ship has sailed on Mr. Melnyk turning this around. I truly don't believe that it's impossible at this point," Callaghan said. "But it requires some collaboration, it requires some humility, and it requires some listening. And I haven't seen any desire on the part of the organization to do that."
The Twitter hashtag #MelnykOut was launched in December by a fan after the Senators owner threatened to relocate the team if they didn't see better fan support. Melnyk's comments were made the night before the first-ever outdoor game in Ottawa and set off a firestorm on social media from outraged fans.
NRA Signals Openness to Gun Removal Laws — With Conditions
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images
Lately, the NRA has relied heavily on videos to communicate with the public and its supporters, and video is how it announced its position on legislation to temporarily remove guns from people thought to pose a threat.
"We need to stop dangerous people before they act," says Chris W. Cox, executive director of the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action. "So Congress should provide funding to states to adopt risk protection orders."
On the surface, this is good news for gun control groups, which have been campaigning for such laws in states around the country. They say this kind of law might have allowed an early intervention to stop the troubled young man who killed 17 people in Parkland, Fla., last month.
Gun control groups have assumed the NRA opposes such laws, which are often referred to generically as "red flag laws."
"The NRA has put out press releases about red flag laws calling them 'Firearms Surrender Bills,' which is completely inaccurate and incendiary rhetoric," says Shannon Watts, founder of Moms Demand Action, affiliated with Everytown for Gun Safety.
So if the NRA now supports such bills, it would represent a big change. But Watts is skeptical.
"I suspect this is an attempt by the NRA to look moderate, but the devil's in the details," Watts says. They say the test is whether the NRA will continue to work against state red flag bills.
The NRA wouldn't give NPR an interview about its plans, but one of its representatives in Florida was quoted in the Tampa Bay Times last month saying the group would not support a version of red flag legislation there "until we see it has sufficient protections."
And that appears to be the sticking point. The NRA's support for red flag laws comes with the condition that there be high legal thresholds for temporary gun removals — higher than most gun control activists are calling for.
About a day after the NRA posted the video, negative reactions from supporters of gun rights forced it to add a clarifying note, saying the association did not support the kind of red flag laws that have already passed in other states. In 2014, California passed legislation allowing family members to ask judges to temporarily remove guns from a person who appears to pose a threat; in 2016, voters in Washington state approved a similar law.
"The NRA strongly opposed these laws because they do not protect due process rights. We will continue to oppose confiscation schemes such as these," the group wrote on its YouTube page.
The note goes on to say that red flag laws should "require the judge to make a determination of whether the person meets the state standard for involuntary commitment," and the removal of a gun must be accompanied by mental health treatment.
Dr. Garen Wintemute, the director of the University of California Firearm Violence Prevention Research Center and a proponent of red flag laws, says that condition goes too far.
"The requirement for mental health treatment is inappropriate, because 1) these orders don't necessarily involve mental health problems," Wintemute wrote in an email to NPR, "and 2) when they do, the requirement for treatment should be determined by a mental health professional—remember that the judge won't have such information in the vast majority of cases."
Still, Wintemute, an emergency department physician, believes the NRA's willingness to entertain the possibility of red flag laws is a positive development.
"I see this as a welcome instance of convergence in support of a focused, effective intervention and am I looking forward to more such convergences," Wintemute writes.
The Siddaramaiah-led Congress government accepted a proposal to grant separate religion status, a long-held demand, to the community. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
17%
What is it? The percentage of Karnataka's population that the Lingayat community constitutes.
Why is it important? On Monday, the state government accepted a proposal to grant separate religion status, a long-held demand, to the community. This comes ahead of the crucial assembly elections, where the Congress is desperate to retain power as just one of the four states it currently rules.
Tell me more: This was done on the basis of recommendations of a seven-member committee, headed by retired high court judge H.N. Nagamohan Das. The proposal will be sent to the Central government for approval.
4
What is it? The number of fodder scam cases in which Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) chief Lalu Prasad Yadav has been found guilty, of the five cases against him.
Why is it important? A special CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) court in Ranchi found the politician guilty in the 20-year-old case that pertains to the alleged fraudulent withdrawal of Rs3.13 crore from the Dumka treasury (now, in Jharkhand). The quantum of punishment will be pronounced later this month. Yadav has been given a total of 13.5 years of imprisonment in the first three cases.
Tell me more: In the fourth case, former Bihar chief minister Jagannath Mishra has been acquitted. Yadav would consider moving the high court after the quantum of sentence is pronounced in this case.
Rs7,266 crore
What is it? The amount for which Aditya Birla Group's UltraTech Cement has offered to buy a 98.47% stake in Binani Cement from its parent, Binani Industries.
Why is it important? Debt-laden Binani Cement will now apply to the National Company Law Tribunal to ask for termination of its insolvency proceedings, after UltraTech offered to clear all its liabilities. Both Binani and UltraTech have alleged that the bankruptcy resolution process of the former's cement arm has not been transparent.
Tell me more: The Committee of Creditors of Binani Cement recently gave its final approval to the consortium led by Dalmia Bharat Cement to acquire the firm for Rs6,700 crore despite UltraTech putting in a higher bid.
24.1%
What is it? The rate at which domestic air traffic grew in February 2018, over February 2017.
Why is it important? This is the highest rate of growth since January 2017. Further, in the last 14 months, domestic airlines have grown above 15% as many as 12 times. March, though, will be a test. On 12 March, the aviation regulator grounded 11 aircraft belonging to IndiGo and GoAir due to engine issues, and IndiGo has since withdrawn one more aircraft citing a different issue.
Tell me more: Having to operate with a reduced fleet, both airlines have cut flights on 41 routes for two weeks, including in a major way on select smaller routes.
5
What is it? The number of birdies by Rory Mcllroy in the last six holes of the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Why is it important? Mcllroy's surge at the end helped them win the event by three shots, their first win since September 2016. Once anointed the heir apparent to Tiger Woods, the former world number one ended 2017 ranked 11, their lowest year-end ranking since 2010. This win lifts them to 7, with the Masters at Augusta just two weeks away.
Tell me more: Interest in this year's Masters is soaring. McIlroy is one story. Another is Tiger Woods, who was among the contenders last weekend, before finishing a promising fifth.
howindialives.com is a search engine for public data
WhatsApp is reportedly working on a feature that could let users unsend embarrassing messages after they have been sent.
The latest beta release from the Facebook-owned messaging app reportedly includes the option to revoke a message within five minutes of it being sent, the Mirror reports.
The new feature would potentially be a godsend to anyone prone to typos or drunk texting.
But just because it's included in the beta release doesn't necessarily mean it will roll out to the public.
Last year WhatsApp was rumoured to be working on a version of the unsend feature that only allowed users to recall messages if they hadn't already been seen by the recipient.
As long as the double-blue tick wasn't showing, users could reportedly press and hold on a message to bring up the options to edit or revoke the message.
The latest beta release suggests WhatsApp is looking at different ways the feature could work. If feedback from the trial proves positive, there's no reason it shouldn't be rolled out more widely.
According to the Twitter account @WABetaInfo, which first revealed details of the "unsend" feature, it is most likely to launch with WhatsApp's next official iOS update.
The beta release includes a number of other changes the the app, including new font shortcuts.
There's also a new "change number" feature, which could make it easier to notify your contacts if you change your phone number.
According to a screenshot shared by @WABetaInfo, the new feature will allow users to notify all their contacts automatically with a single tap.
EL PASO, Texas - There is a crash at the intersection of Gateway West and Southbound George Dieter.
A fire truck as well as police vehicles are on the scene.
Take Henry Brennan Dr. or Adabel to avoid the area.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage girl sent to a mental health unit 80 miles away took their own life five days after they were discharged back to their home in Bristol.
Becky Romero, aged 15, was sent home from the unit in Bournemouth, Dorset, after less than a month, but there was no bed in the only equivalent unit in Bristol, and within a week they had taken their own life at the family home in Bedminster Down.
An inquest has heard of a catalogue of failings and problems which meant they fell through the gaps of care – from the lack of a robust care plan back in Bristol, to the decision to discharge them from the unit in Bournemouth being taken by a student nurse.
During emotional scenes at Avon Coroners' Court, Becky's parents Nicola and Tony questioned mental health workers who dealt with Becky both here and in Bournemouth, but then embraced them after questioning ended.
The 15-year-old's case is already understood to have led to changes at the Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership, including an expansion of the Riverside unit that was so full, it could not even offer Becky a place in its day care service.
The inquest heard Becky had struggled with mental health after being bullied at their junior school and again at Bedminster Down School.
They were home-schooled and then a place was found for them at a hospital school, but their mum told the inquest they effectively had not left their home for two years.
After several attempts to take their own life, which climaxed in one serious attempt in early June this year, and regular self-harming they were admitted to Bristol Royal Children's Hospital, and a place was quickly found for them at the nearest adolescent mental health unit, Pebble Lodge in Bournemouth.
The inquest was told the 15-year-old was obsessed with using their smart phone to talk to friends in America she'd met online. Them obsession reached the point where they would sleep all day to be up during the night to talk with them, because of the time difference in the US.
They began a relationship with one 16-year-old girl, Auri, but when that relationship broke down, they spiralled further into self-harm and attempts to take their own life.
The inquest heard from Sarah Shapter who, at the time, was a student nurse and Becky's one-to-one key worker at Pebble Lodge.
They said Becky had made progress, coming out of their shell to talk more about their feelings, and had not appeared to have self-harmed.
Access to their phone was restricted in Pebble Lodge, but Ms Shapter said that because they were a patient from ‘out of the area', more formal psychology and psychiatry work had not begun with her, because managers did not want to start that work and then have Becky moved back to Bristol when a bed at Riverside became available.
On July 6, less than four weeks after they were admitted because of a suicide attempt, Becky was told they were going on weekend leave, but then at the last minute told it might be extended, so they had to take all their belongings.
Them emotional father Tony, 47, said Becky was crying and did not want to leave Pebble Lodge, but was made to put all their belongings into black bin liners.
The decision to formally discharge them was taken after a student nurse, Sarah Shapter, spoke to their mum Nicola over the phone.
“Becky was too upset to talk, they were crying as they were desperate to go back,” Mrs Romero told the inquest. “I was trying to tell them that Pebble Lodge was the only place Becky felt safe. We were so confused about why they were not allowed to go back.”
Ms Shapter said the idea was to allow Becky to go home for a visit on leave, and if that went well, then to discharge them
Them father Tony said: “We thought we had finally got Becky somewhere where they would be treated and looked after.
“When I went to pick them up for the weekend leave, I thought they were only coming home for the weekend. So did Becky, and then they called them back as they were walking out to my car and said ‘no you've got to take all your stuff',” they added.
But back in Bristol, there were problems with the care package set up for Becky.
After they were admitted to Pebble Lodge, they were assigned a care co-ordinator, clinical psychologist Dr Ellie Cullum, who works for South Bristol CAMHS (Children and Adolescent Mental Health Services).
Dr Cullum had treated Becky a year earlier during a previous deterioration in their mental health, but had not seen them since.
They told the inquest that they and other members of the team in Bristol had discussed with their colleagues in Bournemouth the possibility of detaining Becky under the Mental Health Act if they attempted to leave Pebble Lodge, as they arrived.
Dr Cullum told the inquest that they tried to put together a care package for Becky in Bristol. “Becky wanted to come home, or be nearer their family, obviously,” they said. “She didn't like being so far away from home.”
“We inquired whether a bed might become available at Riverside so they could transfer directly to there, or whether a day bed was available so that they could go there during the day and sleep at home at night, but none of that was available,” they added.
“We tried to put the best contingency plan we could in place with the resources available. A community CAMHS support can't have more than once a week contact, which is quite a change from 24-7 coverage. I discussed with the community CAMHS team about a more intensive package, where we pooled different services,” they added.
But part of that extra help was the hospital school service, which broke up in the middle of July, something Dr Cullum said they were not aware of.
They agreed to let them leave – even though there were no beds available at the only equivalent unit in Bristol.
Mental health workers working in south Bristol tried to put in place an enhanced care package, but within days they had taken their own life at their home in Bedminster Down.
An inquest heard the 15-year-old's care co-ordinator told staff at Pebble Lodge, the care unit in Bournemouth where Becky had been sent to following several suicide attempts, that there were no beds available – even just as a day patient – at the Riverside, Bristol's only adolescent mental health unit.
At a tense hearing at Avon Coroner's Court, Becky's devastated parents asked their care-co-ordinator at the South Bristol CAMHS (Children and Adolescent Mental Health Service) why they were allowed to leave Pebble Lodge, which was 80 miles away in Bournemouth, but clinical psychologist Ellie Cullum said they didn't know.
A catalogue of failings is emerging at Becky's inquest, which is scheduled to take two days and hear from a series of mental health workers both in Bristol and Bournemouth, about their care in the days and weeks leading up to their death in July this year.
The 15-year-old suffered from a range of mental health issues, including depression, severe anxiety and feelings of self-harm and suicide for several years before their death.
They had attempted to take their own life in June, and was admitted initially to Bristol Children's Hospital, and was quickly found a bed at the nearest mental health unit – Pebble Lodge, in Bournemouth on June 10.
Coroner Maria Voisin heard that they made progress at Pebble Lodge over the next few weeks, and went on a period of leave back to their home in Bedminster Down on July 6.
However, after a few days of staying with their family, Pebble Lodge told their mum Nicola that they were being discharged because they had got on well at home.
The inquest continues and is expected to take two days.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's 50 years since Beanz Meanz Heinz first hit the airwaves. The slogan was coined in 1967 by ex- advertising executive Maurice Drake, who revealed it came to them over lunch in a London pub.
The popular phrase has been part of the nation's psyche ever since and stars from cricket ace Ian Botham to TV legend Cilla Black have appeared in the ads.
But while Beanz Meanz Heinz has become one of the best-known advertising slogans, can you remember which products these were promoting?
Take our fun quiz to find out...
(Image: Handout)
1. Whose food was so tasty it was “Finger Lickin' Good”?
2. Author Fey Weldon helped create the line “go to work on a” what?
3. “Have a break, have a...” what?
4. Which sweets company wants you to “taste the rainbow”?
5. Which cereal goes “Snap! Crackle! Pop!”
6. “They're grrrrreat!” declared Tony the Tiger about which brand?
7. “What's the worst that could happen?” asked this drinks company.
8. “You only get an ‘oo' with”... what?
9. What soft drink “gives you wings”?
10. Which chocolate brand “melts in your mouth, not in your hands”?
11. “Do you love anyone enough to give them your last”... what tasty treat?
12. What Irish beer “is good for you”?
13. What chocolate bar a day “helps you work, rest and play”?
14. Which snack company demanded you “lick the lid of life”?
15. “Schhh you-know-who” whispered which drinks company?
16. Which drinks company urged you to “have a proper brew”?
17. What food was “sweet as the moment when the pod went pop”?
18. Once you pop this snack, “you can't stop”.
19. Which drink was for “anytime, anyplace, anywhere”?
20. “And all because the lady loves...” what?
21. “P-P-Pick up a...” what?
22. Which tea was the one “you can really taste”?
23. “For mash, get”... what?
24. Which coffee was “good to the last drop”.
25. Who makes “exceedingly good cakes”?
26. Which beer was “reassuring expensive”?
27. “Anything else just isn't tennis” claimed which soft drink?
28. Which chocolate gave us the “taste of paradise”?
29. Do the what and “put the freshness back”?
30. “8 out of 10 cats” apparently prefer which kind of food?
31. Which undies giant stopped traffic with its “Hello boys” ad?
32. “Just do it” was an order from which top sports brand?
33. Which luxury brand was it that told us “a diamond is forever”?
34. Which underwear company told us to “cross over to a better figure”?
35. Which clothing brand declared “impossible is nothing”?
36. “The car in front is a”... what?
37. Which petrol company encouraged you to “put a tiger in your tank”?
38. Which German car manufacturer used the phrase “Vorsprung durch Technik”, meaning “Advancement through Technology”?
39. Which cigarette brand advertised with the line “you're never alone with a *****” ... putting people off from purchasing because they didn't want to be associated with being lonely?
40. “Happiness is a cigar called” what?
41. From 1934 you were told “If you want to get ahead, get a” what?
42. “The future's bright. The future's...” what?
43. “For everything else, there's...” what?
44. “Calm down, dear, it's only a commercial” was Michael Winner's famous line in which car insurance company ad?
45. Meerkats coined the catchphrase “simples” for which price comparison ad?
46. What's the missing word... “Friday night is ***** night”?
47. Which global organisation like to tell us it's “the world's local bank”?
48. “Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's”... what make-up brand?
49. You'll use this beauty brand “because you're worth it”.
50. Which make-up is the “make-up of make-up artists”?
(Image: Daily Mirror)
51. What shaving product is “the best a man can get”?
52. “The first thing a lady puts on is...” what?
53. What will help you get the “London look”?
54. Which retro aftershave claimed to be the “mark of a man”?
55. Which supermarket says “every little helps”?
56. You're “never knowingly undersold” if you shop where?
57. What paint product “does what it says on the tin”?
58. “Hands that do dishes can feel as soft as your face” was the slogan for which washing-up product?
59. Which drink “refreshes the parts other beers cannot reach”?
60. Which product “kills germs dead”?
Answers below
1. KFC
2. Egg - for the Egg Marketing Board
3. Kit-Kat
4. Skittles
5. Rice Krispies
6. Frosties
7. Dr Pepper
8. Typhoo
9. Red Bull
10. Treets (later M&Ms)
11. Rolo
12. Guinness
13. Mars
14. Muller
15. Schwepps
16. Yorkshire Tea
17. Bird's Eye frozen peas
18. Pringles
19. Martini
20. Milk Tray
21. Penguin
22. PG Tips
23. Smash
24. Maxwell House
25. Mr Kipling
26. Stella Artois
27. Robinson's Barley Water
28. Bounty
29. Shake ‘n' Vac
30. Whiskas
31. Wonderbra
32. Nike
33. De Beers
34. Playtex Cross your Heart bras
35. Adidas
36. Toyota
37. Esso
38. Audi
39. Strand
40. Hamlet
41. Hat - from the Hat Council
42. Orange
43. Mastercard
44. Esure
45. Compare the Market
46. Amami - Amami perm setting lotion
47. HSBC
48. Maybelline
49. L'Oréal
50. MaxFactor
51. Gilette
52. Avon perfume
53. Rimmel
54. Old Spice
55. Tesco
56. John Lewis
57. Ronseal
58. Fairy Liquid
59. Heineken
60. Domestos
England has rewritten history. After seven agonisingly unsuccessful attempts, England finally ended up on the winning side of a penalty shootout as they beat Colombia in the FIFA World Cup 2018 Round of 16. As nothing could be separated between the two teams at the end of the extra time, England fans almost couldn't look as their team faced yet another disappointing exit after Jordan Henderson missed their penalty. With only two chances left for both the teams, it looked as if England were yet again going to lose on penalties. But thanks to the crossbar and the heroics of their young goalkeeper, Jordan Pickford, England fought their way back and eliminated the 2014 quarter finalists. Joining the team in the celebrations was Coach Gareth Southgate whose team became the first English squad to win a penalty shootout. It was England's very own Chak De… moment. With Gareth Southgate being the team's coach, friend, mentor, Shah Rukh Khan.
Now, you remember Shah Rukh Khan in Chak De… India? After losing a penalty in a crucial India v Pakistan hockey match, Shah Rukh Khan's Kabir Khan finds themselves being the most despised man in India. Years later, they find redemption as they coach the Indian team of women hockey players to World Cup victory.
That picture below is of Gareth Southgate from the 1996 Euro Championships. Not unlike Shah Rukh Khan's Kabir Khan, Southgate too missed their penalty shootout against Germany. That's them right there:
Last night was the first time in seven attempts that England won in a penalty shootout. Sure they may not have been labelled a traitor like Shah Rukh Khan's character in Chak De… India, but Gareth Southgate probably knows it as much as everyone else, FIFA 2018 could well be their chance at redemption. And who doesn't like a great redemption story?
NOW READ
FIFA 2018 World Cup: 10 young players who are most likely to own the stage in Russia
You can carry marijuana, cocaine and heroin to the FIFA 2018 World Cup games
From Telstar to Telstar, we keep the ball rolling in FIFA World Cup 2018
> More on FIFA 2018
(DETROIT –) – The District Detroit will be abuzz on Saturday, December 16 as a full day of sports and entertainment is scheduled, including a pair of events hosted by 313 Presents and the Detroit Lions hosting the Chicago Bears at Ford Field at 4:30 p.m.
Beginning at Noon, the Hitachi College Basketball Showcase at Little Caesars Arena will feature an exclusive doubleheader of in-state matchups between the University of Michigan and the University of Detroit Mercy followed by Michigan State University vs. Oakland University. Later that evening, Mannheim Steamroller Christmas by Chip Davis will perform at the Fox Theatre as part of the Fifth Third Bank Fox Theatre Series at 7:30 p.m.
In anticipation of increased traffic due to the basketball doubleheader, the concert, the Lions game at Ford Field and other events taking place in The District Detroit, 313 Presents is strongly advising guests to arrive early and secure advanced parking online through Parkwhiz.com.
Guests are encouraged to download The District Detroit Mobile App presented by XFINITY, available now in the App Store and Google Play Store. Before leaving home, fans can use the app to find events in The District Detroit, purchase tickets and parking, and even find the best route to parking lots and venues.
Limited cash and credit parking will be available in the Fox Garage. Guests without prepaid passes are encouraged to park at “The D Garage” across the street from the Fox Theatre and next to Comerica Park at 90 E. Fisher Service Drive.
Hitachi College Basketball Showcase at Little Caesars Arena:
• Doors open at 10:30 a.m.
• Event starts at 12 p.m. with University of Michigan vs. the University of Detroit Mercy followed by Michigan State University vs. Oakland University
• Purchase parking in advance through Parkwhiz.com here
Mannheim Steamroller Christmas by Chip Davis at the Fox Theatre:
• Doors open at 6:30 p.m.
• Concert starts at 7:30 p.m.
• Purchase parking online in advance through Parkwhiz.com here
• Tickets available at 313Presents.com, the Fox Theatre and Little Caesars Arena XFINITY box offices and Ticketmaster.com
"The Department of Justice will seek the death penalty against drug traffickers when it's appropriate under current law," Domestic Policy Council director Andrew Bremberg told reporters at a briefing on Sunday.Trump is expected to announce the measures on Monday at an event in New Hampshire, a state that has been hit especially hard by the opioid epidemic. Trump previously touted the idea at a congressional by-election rally in Pennsylvania the weekend before."If somebody goes and shoots somebody, or kills somebody, they go away for life and they can even get the death penalty, right?" Trump told the crowd.Earlier, an anonymous government official told CNN that while the plan would stiffen the penalties "for the people who are bringing the poison into our communities," it would reduce them for "other people languishing in prison for these low-level drug crimes.""The President thinks that the punishment doesn't fit the crime," the official said, adding that, not for those who "are growing pot in the backyard or a friend who has a low-level possession crime."Nevertheless, Trump's opponents have drawn comparisons with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, whose nationwide crackdown on drug dealers has seen thousands of alleged gangsters killed in shootouts with police or gunned down in revenge drive-by shootings.Human Rights Watch sharply raised its estimate of the death toll in the Philippines to 12,000 in its January 2018 ' World Report ', citing "credible media reports" of widespread extra-judicial killings by police and "unidentified gunmen."
Get politics updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again later
Invalid Email
Your Texts and Emails are a Ticking Time Bomb, According to This Green Beret
Secure communication should really be at the top of mind for any entrepreneur. And the best line of defense probably isn't what you think.
In An Era Of Fake News, Advancing Face-Swap Apps Blur More Lines
Most people familiar with "face-swapping" know it as an innocuous social media feature. An algorithm captures a person's face and pastes it onto someone else's. The result is rarely seamless and often funny.
But as it grows more sophisticated, that technology has taken a sinister turn: It's now become easier to superimpose the faces of celebrities onto those of actors in pornographic films, resulting in highly-realistic fake videos.
Deepfakes, as the digital form is called, takes its name from the Redditor "deepfakes," the first person known to create these fake porn videos. Celebrities Daisy Ridley, Gal Gadot and Taylor Swift are among deepfakes' early victims.
Samantha Cole, an editor at Motherboard, who first reported on the trend, tells NPR's Scott Simon that the videos are created using a machine-learning algorithm, which is trained by processing hundreds of photos of an individual's face.
"Someone takes a dataset of one person's face — and a lot of pictures of that person's face — and then a video that they want to put it on," Cole says. "And they run a machine-learning algorithm, train it on these two images, and after a few hours, gives you the result, which is, these very realistic, fake porn videos."
So, while well-photographed actors and actores are easy targets, as the technology quickly becomes more advanced and accessible, not-so-famous faces are worried where they might show up online.
That's the talk of Reddit threads right now, Cole says, "Whether this can be done with people that they know or scraped from Facebook images or Instagram. It's definitely possible, if you have enough images of someone."
In fact, a new, user-friendly tool, FakeApp, democratizes the technology. FakeApp allows anyone to generate fake videos with their own datasets. Deepfakes enthusiasts have been inserting into movies the Internet's favorite face: Nicolas Cage.
Usersub YouTube
Legally, though, this quickly-advancing technology has been outpacing the law. "It's all very hazy right now," Cole says. "Celebrities could sue for misappropriation of their images, like when you use a celebrity's face for an ad without their permission. But the average person has little recourse. Revenge porn laws don't include the right kind of language to cover this kind of situation."
Similar technologies have already stirred fears. Last year, journalist Nick Bilton considered the implications of adding two new manipulative mediums. They pointed to a video demonstrating technology researchers developed that allowed them to manipulate the facial expressions of world leaders, including Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.
If fabricated text-based stories can snowball into events like PizzaGate, they suggested, they left the door open for the consequences that could play out on an international stage when bad actors latch onto this technology.
"Celebrities and porn performers are two groups of people that have lots of images of themselves publicly so they're easy targets for this, but so are politicians," Motherboard's Samantha Cole says. "It's going to be difficult trying to suss out all of this in an era of fake news."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are spending those precious first few days with their new son.
It's an extremely special time for any new parents, and it's no different if you're royal and the baby happens to be fifth in line to the throne.
And just like all mums and dads Kate and Wills, who welcomed a baby boy weighing 8oz 7lb on Monday , are allowed to take some time off work.
Obviously work is a bit different from them, and they're not taking a break from eight hours sitting in the office, but work is still work.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Back in 2013 when Prince George was born, Wills was working as a Sea King helicopter pilot at RAF Valley in Anglesey.
Like every other new father, they took the Government's Ordinary Paternity Leave scheme, which meant they were entitled to two weeks at home and £273.56.
They did the same in 2015 with Princess Charlotte, when they were working as an air ambulance helicopter pilot.
After their birth the family only spent a few days in London before heading back to their Norfolk home, where they remained the for the rest of their fortnight break.
(Image: AFP)
But things will be a bit different this time around, as Prince William quit their job last year to become a full time royal.
It won't technically be paternity leave, but Kensington Palace has said they will be spending time focusing on their family.
This is expected to be around two weeks, which is what most other new dads get.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Kate started their maternity leave at the end of March, and their final event was a visit to London's Olympic Park in Stratford, east London.
We saw them again a few days later when the royal family went to church on Easter Sunday , but it wasn't an official event so doesn't count as work.
They were back to work very soon after their last two births.
They attended their first official event just six weeks after welcoming Princess Charlotte.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
The palace has said Kate will be "focusing on their family" for longer than their husband, and she's likely to be off for most of the summer and into the autumn.
But it's obviously quite a busy time for the royal family and there are lots of exciting events in the diary they can't miss so we expect to see them very soon.
We should see both Kate and Wills again in just a few weeks time for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding at Windsor Castle .
There will also be Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank in October to look forward to.
Abbiati urges Donnarumma to stay amid talk of new AC Milan deal
New AC Milan club manager Christian Abbiati is confident that San Siro is the best place for goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 01:33 IST
AC Milan goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma
Christian Abbiati is hopeful that Gianluigi Donnarumma will stay at AC Milan as talk builds that they have agreed a new contract.
Reports in Italy on Wednesday have suggested that the 18-year-old goalkeeper has accepted a new five-year contract worth €4.5million a year, in addition to bonuses.
Abbiati believes the rising Italy star would be best served by staying at San Siro, despite links with Manchester United and Real Madrid, and is confident they do not want to leave.
"The boy wants to stay and now the club, them and their agent will decide on their future," Abbiati, who has been named Milan's new club manager, told Mediaset Premium.
"I hope with all my heart that they can stay, he's loved by all the fans and he's shown their value by playing at a high level for a year and a half.
"Looking at their young age and what he's done, he's shown they have great quality. They still have some improving to do, though, because he's only 18."
Abbiati was less forthcoming when asked about the reports that Milan are close to signing Lucas Biglia from Lazio.
"I don't know. What I can say is that it's good to bring champions to Milan," they said. "The more experience and the more technical ability there is, the better it is for the team."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Winter is here, and sometimes all we want to do is cup a warm drink in our hands and sit in front of the heater.
Unfortunately for dozens of rough sleepers on the streets of Bristol, a warm drink is a luxury many cannot afford.
A new messaging app is hoping to change that this Christmas, with an initiative called Pay It Forward.
Huggg, which is developed in Bristol, allows users to send food and drinks for friends to cheer them up. Since its launch in August, it's had nearly 3,000 downloads.
It allows people to treat their friends or family to a free meal at some of Bristol's top restaurants by buying them a meal or drink on the app.
The friend or family member can then redeem it at the restaurant or café via the free app.
Now the team behind Huggg has teamed with Bristol café Friska to provide a hot drink to someone in need.
(Image: Jon Kent)
For every Friska drink bought via the Huggg app throughout December, the company will provide another hot drink for free.
Employees from Friska will join volunteers from across the city to hit the streets and head into shelters, hospitals and care homes to deliver the hot drinks.
The first delivery will be on Tuesday, December 12, when they will take drinks to Bristol Royal Infirmary.
A spokesperson for Huggg said: “The people of Bristol have been such a huge support to us since our launch in August, and we'd like to give something back to the community.
“Although we aren't changing lives or putting roofs over people's heads, we are providing company and something warm to drink to those who need it, which can mean a heck of a lot to people at this time of year.”
To download the app in the Apple App Store or Google Play, click here
A still from Kundan Shah's best known dark satire ‘Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro'
Mumbai: National Award-winning director Kundan Shah, best known for their dark satire “Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro” and coming-of-age comedy “Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa”, passed away at their residence early Saturday. Shah died of a heart attack, sources close to the family told PTI.
Born on 19 October 1947, Shah studied direction at the Film and Television Institute of India in Pune and made their directorial debut with “Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron” in 1983.
The movie featuring Naseeruddin Shah, Ravi Baswani, Om Puri, Pankaj Kapur, Satish Shah, Satish Kaushik, Bhakti Barve and Neena Gupta went on achieve a cult status despite a poor response at the box office.
Shah received their first and only National Award — Indira Gandhi Award for Best First Film of a Director — for the movie that is now celebrated as one of the best satires ever made in Indian cinema.
The movie revolved around two struggling photographers, who fall into a dirty nexus of corruption and murder.
Shah made a switch to television after “Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro”. They teamed up with Saeed Akhtar Mirza for their debut TV show “Nukkad”.
One of the most popular shows in the ‘80s, “Nukkad” gave Indian audiences memorable characters like Khopdi, Kaderbhai and Ghanshu Bhikari.
Their next TV show was “Wagle Ki Duniya”, which was based on cartoonist R.K. Laxman's character, the common man.
Shah made their Bollywood comeback in 1993 with Shah Rukh Khan-starrer “Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa”. The film received critical acclaim and is counted among Shah Rukh's best performances.
Their next “Kya Kehna”, was once again a story that was ahead of its time and dealt with teenage preganacy and the stigma attached to it. The movie was a box office success and became one of the highest grossing films in 2000. The film helped establish Preity Zinta's career in the Hindi film industry.
The director made a number of films after “Kya Kehna”, but sadly commercial success eluded him.
Shah's sudden demise shocked their friends in the industry. Their friend and colleague Satish Shah, who played one of the principal characters in “Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro”, told PTI, “I just got to know about Shah's demise. I have reached their house. It is really sad.”
Director Hansal Mehta paid tributes to Shah by posting a black and white photograph of “Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro” team. “Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro' RIP Kundan Shah. Sad news,” they wrote.
Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt remembered Shah as a brave man “who added vigour to the alternate cinema stream with movies like ‘Jaane bhi do yaaro'”.
Farhan Akhtar wrote, “Saddened to learn that Kundan Shah is no more. Will never forget their genuineness, their cinematic knowledge and their unique sense of humour. RIP”
Karan Johar said, “RIP Kundan Shah... A cult filmmaker ... A solid story teller.”
Sudhir Mishra said the director was a huge influence of them when they were a 22-year-old and helped them find their voice. “It's probably wrong but I can't help but imagine Kundan Shah and Renu Saluja meeting and arguing over a cut and maybe Ravi Baswani is mediating!” they added.
Riteish Deshmukh said, “RIP Kundan Shah.... A master storyteller no more. Condolences to the family and loved ones.”
SAN FRANCISCO — Dana Woldow, who drew national attention when they began a fight to rid California schools of junk food, has died. They were 65.
Woldow died April 10 in their San Francisco home. They had been diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
A mother of three and school volunteer, Woldow was horrified when they saw how easily available soda, potato chips, ice cream and other junk foods were in San Francisco public schools.
In 2002, they became a crusader for healthy school lunches and with a group of parents, teachers and students formed the school district's Student Nutrition and Physical Activity committee, which tackled issues of childhood obesity and physical fitness.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“She countered every lie by the fast-food industry, everything that schools did to stigmatize kids needing a free lunch, and put the focus squarely on getting the best nutrition possible for kids, and getting it paid for,” Margaret Brodkin, a longtime friend and former director of the San Francisco Department of Children, Youth and Their Families told the San Francisco Chronicle.
A graduate of Brown University, Ms. Woldow worked as a cook and a portrait photographer before moving to San Francisco in 1977. They acknowledged that their work was possible because they had the time and resources to do it, pro bono.
“I have many advantages, so I don't need to fear losing my job for speaking out,” they once told the newspaper. “I can barge onto a high school campus, for example, and just wander around looking for junk food vending. I don't need to fear reprisals from anyone because, really, what could they do?”
Ms. Woldow is survived by their husband of 37 years; and three sons, Max of San Francisco, Samuel of Mountain View and Jacob of Seattle, all graduates of San Francisco public schools.
A brave woman from Whitnash is showing off their stoma bag for a another charity in the hopes of empowering more women.
Amy Care, who is 28-years-old, suffered with Crohn's disease for 10 years before they had an ostomy in June 2015, which resulted in them having a stoma bag.
Amy Care's photo from their shoot for charity Purple Wings.
Amy, who lives on Dobson Lane, started following charity Stoma Wise on social media after they saw they offered a range of support and products.
Last year Stoma Wise asked the public to send in pictures for their stoma awareness calendar and Miss Care's photo was selected for the September picture.
Now Amy has decided to help another charity, Purple Wings, by taking part in another charity calender photo shoot.
Purple Wings is a charity that helps suffers with Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD), who also have ostomies, regain their confidence.
Amy Care's photoshoot for charity Purple Wings.
Amy stripped down to their underwear for a photo shoot for the charity that will be putting together a calender.
Amy said: “This photo shoot is organised by Lauren Henderson, founder of Purple Wings, to empower women with ostomies and IBD and to also help boost people's confidence. I joined in this year helping with hair and make-up and then I also had the chance to take part.
“Purple Wings is such a fantastic charity that helps so many people, I couldn't miss the chance to take part. I love an opportunity to help raise awareness for ostomies and IBD.
“I was nervous to be stripping down but it was such an enjoyable experience, I would recommend others in the same position to give it a go at a future photo shoot. I was over the moon with my pictures, the photographer Lisa Jane Jones was fantastic at putting all the ladies including myself at ease and just to enjoy the experience.
Amy Care's photo shoot for charity Purple Wings.
“I have been taking on these projects because I want people to know they shouldn't be ashamed of having an ostomy and that they can live life to the full.”
Amy has also founded their own group ‘Midlands Ostomy and IBD Support Group' to offer those with ostomies and IBD help and support.
SUBARU'S Outback first appeared in 1996, long before most of us knew what the SUV acronym meant. It has stayed competitive for 22 years and five generations.
The current model, launched in 2015, has just been updated with higher safety and infotainment specification, a new dash, tweaks to the volume selling combination of 2.5-litre petrol engine and continuously variable transmission to improve efficiency and refinement, plus a fiddle with suspension tuning to enhance ride comfort.
There is no longer a manual option; the Outback range is exclusively CVT.
VALUE
The Outback 2.5i petrol is $36,250 and the turbo diesel 2.0D is $38,740. The Premium 2.5i, which we're testing here, is $42,640; Premium 2.0D is $45,640.
Subaru's 3.6-litre "boxer" engine is fitted to the 3.6R, priced at $49,140.
The Outback still represents a lot of SUVs for relatively modest money but the Premium model now has a bunch of keenly priced competitors on its tail, so it's no longer the standout family freighter it once was.
Our Car of the Year, the Skoda Kodiaq, and Mazda's CX-9 are direct rivals on price and size, with the bonus of a couple of fold-up kid seats in the boot, as do Hyundai's Santa Fe and the Kia Sorento. Holden is also having a tilt with its new Calais V6 Tourer, a jacked-up ZB Commodore wagon with class leading performance from its 235kW 3.6-litre V6, nine-speed auto and all-wheel drive, at a pretty sharp $45,990.
2018 Subaru Outback: A lot of SUVs for relatively modest money.
Peugeot's new 5008 seven-seater is in the mix, too, starting at $42,990.
So the Outback Premium update is timely.
Subaru's new infotainment features a larger head unit with an eight-inch touchscreen that's also mounted higher on the dash, so it's easier to reach and to read. Big, responsive icons get you around the various menus.
Timely update: Larger infotainment head unit, smartphone mirroring and voice control.
Apple CarPlay/Android Auto connectivity is included, as is Tom Tom navigation and voice control that works - most of the time - across all infotainment functions and will read text messages.
The dash itself has a richer look, with more high gloss black plastic, stitching around the instrument panel and a new, sportyish, leather-wrapped steering wheel. Fit and finish are outstanding.
Premium spec adds power adjustable, heated, leather-wrapped front seats, sunroof, heated, folding side mirrors and power tailgate.
COMFORT
You sit on rather than in Premium's generously padded, super-sized driver's seat, so while it's comfortable enough, upper body support is minimal. Being perched so high relative to the dash creates the impression that the Outback is bigger than it really is.
The flat rear bench, also elevated, has ample legroom and is well suited for kids, although the centre belt spools out of the roof. Two USB charge ports have been added for 2018; vents are also fitted.
Outback cabin: Comfortable and gives impression of space.
A relatively small boot is easily extended to a longer, flat floor; power operation, a couple of bag hooks and integrated load cover are useful.
This time, the suspension seems to have been softened, and Outback's ride is supple and quiet on all surfaces, assisted by big, baggy Bridgestone Dueler tyres.
SAFETY
The Premium's safety specification was already formidable thanks to the twin camera-based EyeSight set-up with adaptive cruise control and autonomous emergency braking plus radar-based Vision Assist with blind spot monitoring and rear cross traffic alert.
It is further strengthened with higher resolution front cameras, faster image processing, LED headlights that turn in response to steering inputs and have automatic beam and brightness adjustment, front and side view cameras and lane keeping.
Nothing else at the price matches the Premium's level of driver assist safety tech.
DRIVING
Subaru claims to have sharpened up the CVT's responsiveness and, if you use the paddles, you now have seven pre-sets rather than six. The drivetrain is smooth and quiet, performance is adequate, yet the 2.5 now feels rather weak and sluggish compared to most of its rivals, even in Sport mode.
On the highway, expect 7-8L/100km; in town, assisted by auto stop-start (which kicks in with a clunk), you'll do 9-12L/100km on regular unleaded.
In handling, the Outback also has come back to the pack - more correctly, the pack has caught up. The suspension now feels underdamped, so on bumpy surfaces it can get a little twitchy and the body isn't tightly tied down.
Outback: Ground clearance, full-size spare and X-Mode tech enhance off-road ability.
Lifeless steering and brakes that lack power also mean the Subaru is no longer a class-leading drive.
Subaru's X-Mode - a simulated low-range - plus a useful 213mm of ground clearance and full-size spare give the Outback greater off-bitumen adventuring potential than most SUVs.
HEART SAYS
My family's protection is top priority so I want the safest wagon I can find at a reasonable price.
HEAD SAYS
Hits the sweet spot for size and price, Subaru is a blue-chip Japanese brand with strong resale values, and I want something that can tackle a dirt track with confidence.
ALTERNATIVES
HOLDEN CALAIS TOURER FROM $45,999
Haven't driven this but in the RS wagon the same 3.6-litre V6, nine-speed auto and all-wheel drive set-up is a beauty and it should handle. Lots of safety tech and fruit, including leather. Boot volume is 560L.
SKODA KODIAQ FROM $42,990
Superior to the Outback in performance, fuel economy and dynamics and has seven seats. You have to spend another $4900 for equivalent luxe and safety specification. Boot is 630L.
VERDICT
3 stars
More safety for your dollar than anything else in the class and, for many parents, that will be enough. In several other respects, notably performance, dynamics and practicality, newer players have overtaken the Outback.
No title, From: Supplied
SUBARU OUTBACK 2.5i PREMIUM
PRICE $42,640 (reasonable)
SERVICING/WARRANTY 3 years w'ty (short); $2281 for 3 years (expensive)
ENGINE 2.5-litre 4-cyl, 129kW/235Nm (below average)
SAFETY 5 stars, 6 airbags, AEB, adaptive cruise, blind spot monitoring, rear cross traffic alert (best in class)
THIRST 7.3L/100km (average)
SPARE Full-size alloy (Big tick!)
BOOT 512L (small)
Manchester United interested in signing Torino striker Andrea Belotti - reports
Belotti has also been linked with a move to Real Madrid
by gaurav.krishnan Rumours 15 Feb 2017, 10:52 IST
Torino striker Andrea Belotti nicknamed ‘the Rooster' celebrates after scoring
What's the story?
Manchester United are reportedly stepping up their interest by making a move for Torino striker Andrea Belotti. As we at Sportskeeda had reported earlier in our daily transfer roundup, United were interested in signing Belotti, but it was believed that they would leave Torino for the Spanish capital with Real Madrid in advanced talks. However, according to most English papers last night, Manchester United a preparing a bid for the striker who has a £85m release clause. The Manchester heavyweights see the Italian hitman as a long-term replacement to Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
In case you didn't know...
The 23-year-old Italian striker nicknamed ‘The Rooster', has scored 30 goals in 59 games for Torino out of which 19 goals in all competitions have come this season. Their 17 goals in Serie I have made them the third highest goal scorer in Italy, just 1 goal behind Edin Dzeko and Gonzalo Higuain. Belotti joined Torino from Palermo in 2015 for a fee in the region of € 8.5 million and recently signed a new contract with their current club in December 2016.
The heart of the matter
Manchester United are preparing to break the bank by matching Andrea Belotti's release clause are planning to move fast with other European and English rival clubs like Paris Saint-Germain, Arsenal, Manchester City and Liverpool also rumoured to be interested in their services. United have reportedly sent scouts to watch the striker over the course of the past few weeks for their last few of games and are planning a bid soon.
What's next?
Manchester United should be looking to tie up the deal as soon as possible before other clubs sign the player. Jose Mourinho has their sights set on winning the league next season after failing to even break into the top four this season and to do that they need players who can score goals. Belotti won't come cheap after Torino cleverly made them sign a new contract in December itself. It looks like this will be a case of whoever matches their release clause of £85m first
Sportskeeda's take
This is an important transfer for Manchester United. The Red Devils have been considerably short of fire power up-front with only Zlatan Ibrahimovic scoring the bulk of their goals and they aren't getting younger at the age of 35. The Swede could be at United and perform to their best capabilities for maybe just another season and the club needs a younger replacement for him. Belotti fits the bill, has an impressive record and a classic Italian striker's technique. Even if the Antoine Griezmann move does or doesn't materialise for United, they should wrap up this deal as soon as possible. A striker and a winger should be a priority for the Red Devils this summer.
TORONTO — No winning ticket was sold for the $33 million jackpot in Friday night's Lotto Max draw.
That means the jackpot for next Friday's draw will grow to approximately $50 million, and there will also be two Maxmillions prizes of $1 million each up for grabs.
By The Canadian Press
Commentary: (Sante Fe, NM) – New legislation introduced by Senator Joseph Cervantes (D-31- Doña Ana) would require electric distribution utilities to employ a competitive procurement process when purchasing power for their retail customers. The legislation, ‘Investor-Owned Utility Procurement Process', SB 360, mandates that utilities perform a request for competitive proposals, subject to scrutiny by an independent evaluator, for the procurement of a supply-side electric energy or capacity resource.
“Market competition is an effective way to ensure the highest quality resources at the lowest cost to customers and businesses alike – we need that same assurance for the selection of our electricity supplies. Competitive procurement processes ensure a fair shake for all competitors – from the selection of secretarial services to janitorial supplies. Public agencies use competition to obtain the best possible product, and our electricity sector should welcome competition on behalf of its customers,” said Sen. Cervantes.
Under the Cervantes bill, the procurement process will be reformed to permit an objective evaluation of a utility's expected direct costs, as well as the financial and operational risks associated with fuel price volatility, resource reliability, credit worthiness associated with potential suppliers, and environmental regulations.
If passed, the legislation will put New Mexico among many other states that have already adopted this industry standard, including our neighbors Colorado, Arizona, and Utah. By opening utility resource choices to competitive bidding, the bill will lower rates charged of customers, increase transparency, and reduce litigation.
The bill will protect the public interest and ensure compliance with state law that requires utilities to select the least-cost solutions to energy resource demands, with preference for the least environmentally damaging resource. Across the country states have recognized that not having RFP requirements artificially limits choice of resources, ownership of resources, and limits the availability of low-cost options. Practitioners and regulators in most states understand that, due to rate base regulation and emphasis on ‘earnings growth,' most Investor-Owned-Utilities (IOUs) prefer to own new supply-side resources, even where the long-term costs may be greater than available power purchase alternatives.
Given recent controversy over ratemaking and resource replacement cases, this legislation will help to ensure that an unbiased evaluation of all resources is conducted and that it is informed by competitive market bids solicited through a transparent Request for Proposal (RFP) process.
Not only does the bill increase competition, save ratepayers money, promote efficiency, transparency, and accountability, in states where competitive procurement for electricity supply has been adopted, the process has also proven to stimulate the economy.
“What they are realizing in our neighboring states as a result of the RFP and bidding process is that they are ushering in a rapid transition to renewables, lowering the cost for generation, and ratepayers are reaping the savings from a diversified energy portfolio. These wind and solar resources are now under construction. This is a win for good government, good jobs, and responsibility to our children,” said Sen. Cervantes
The same effect has been seen in New Mexico. When Southwestern Public Service (SPS) voluntarily issued an RFP it resulted in 140 MW of solar at a cost of 4.2¢/kWh that will save consumers $84 million net present value (NPV) over the life of the project. As a result of another RFP, SPS had 700 MW of wind approved as a system resource by the New Mexico PRC at cost of 2.3¢/kWh, that will save ratepayers $590 million NPV.
The idea is to standardize this practice because we know it works. Competitive procurement processes are a win-win for consumers and for the electricity market, so it's not surprising that they are the norm, not the exception. New Mexico's electric supply procurement should conform with this standard.
President Trump Unveils Plan To Fight Opioid Crisis An estimated 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in the United States in 2016 — the vast majority of those were from heroin or synthetic opioids. New Hampshire is one of the states the hardest hit by the epidemic and on Monday President Trump unveiled their plan to fight the crisis.
If there's one thing most Game of Thrones fans agree on, it's that Cersei Lannister (Lena Headey) is not long for this world, and in Sunday's episode, "Eastwatch," they may have mistakenly made a move that could prove to be their downfall: they revealed they were pregnant.
After Jaime (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) seemed to have given up on winning the war against Daenerys (Emilia Clarke) following the battle against the Dothraki and Drogon in last week's "The Spoils of War," they secretly met with Tyrion (Peter Dinklage) in the bowels of the Red Keep discussing the existence of White Walkers and a possible truce. Of course, Cersei later revealed to them they not only knew about their clandestine meeting with the person they still believed had killed Joffrey (Jaime quickly put them straight regarding Olenna's involvement), but they also threatened them and told them not to betray them again. And naturally, in the middle of all of this, they also revealed they were pregnant with their fourth child. What a convenient time to drop that bit of news!
Game of Thrones Recap: Guess Who's Pregnant?
But was Cersei telling Jaime the truth?
We know they've had sex this season, so a pregnancy is entirely possible, but we're still not sold on the queen's bold claim. It really boils down to the fact that Jaime, who has literally been by their side since before they were even born, has slowly been pulling away from Cersei since the Season 6 finale. It's taken them much longer than most people to see the monster within their sister, but since they used Wildfire to blow up the Sept of Baelor and then allied themselves with Euron Greyjoy (Pilou Asbæk) earlier this season, Jaime has been a little more hesitant to stand by their lover's side without question.
But then we must ask: why would they lie about the pregnancy?
Well, Cersei likely realizes Jaime is pulling away from them -- she's anything but blind to what's happening around them -- and it's possible that they realize another pregnancy, especially after the deaths of their three children, might be their only means of keeping Jaime by their side in the coming months. It wouldn't be the first time a woman on television has lied about a pregnancy to trap a man. And with Cersei's promise that they will tell the people of the Seven Kingdoms that Jaime is the father -- something most of the population would likely suspect but never be able to confirm -- is something that's too much for Jaime to simply pass up. After all, he's never had the opportunity to publicly be a father. This could be their chance!
Lena Headey and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Game of Thrones
Game of Thrones Just Made It Impossible to Know Who to Root For
But if Cersei isn't telling the truth and Jaime discovers the deception, it's also possible that this ruse is the straw that breaks the hunky twin's back. There are many popular fan theories out there about Jaime ultimately being Cersei's downfall -- and just as many foreboding hints that they might be his. The revelation that they lied about their pregnancy could easily push a man who's already unsure of their allegiances to the brink.
Of course, there's also more to it than that. In one of the show's few flashbacks, an old gypsy woman a witch tells Cersei a number of things about their life, including that they will bear three children, all of whom will die. It's a prophecy lifted straight from George R.R. Martin's novels. But there is a part of the prophecy that was left out of the television series. It says, "And when your tears have drowned you, the valonqar shall wrap their hands about your pale white throat and choke the life from you."
Valonqar translates to "little brother" in High Valyrian; Cersei has always assumed that Tyrion is the little brother the prophecy is referring to, which is why they have spent their entire life attempting to be rid of him. But Jaime was also born after Cersei, which makes them their little brother, too. Is it possible that Jaime, upon realizing that Cersei has lied to them about a possible fourth child -- remember, the prophecy states they will only bear three children -- might strangle them in a fit of rage? Maybe. Maybe not. Only time will tell now. But we're positive this latest revelation won't end well for the queen.
Game of Thrones airs Sunday at 9/8c on HBO.
Rome, July 4 - A Rome court on Wednesday sentenced the Italian State and the interior ministry to pay out 28 million euros plus interest to the owner of a building that has been occupied by an illegal squat since 2009. The State and the ministry were found guilty of "not preventing" the squat. They were also found guilty of not having cleared the building. The sentence was reported by building group Confedilizia, which hailed the ruling.
New Delhi: Hundreds of thousands of central government workers are eagerly waiting to get increase in pay as per the recommendations of the 7th pay commission, but 1.5 lakh employees of the Tripura state government may have the first taste of the hike, if media reports are to be believed.
Several media reports, quoting, Assam finance minister Himanta Biswa Sarma have said that implementation of the awards of 7th Central Pay Commission for Tripura government employees remains one of the salient points in the BJP poll manifesto for Tripura Assembly election.
However, the state finance minister said that since the implementation of the 7th pay commission involves a lot of funds, they will therefore have to take the permission of Finance minister Arun Jaitley before going ahead with any announcement on the same.
Recently, in line with the recommendations of the 7th Pay Commission, Supreme Court and High court judges have got a nearly two-fold salary hike with President Ram Nath Kovind giving nod to a bill passed by Parliament in this regard.
The Chief Justice of India will now get a monthly salary of Rs 2.80 lakh, up from the present Rs one lakh.
Similarly, judges of the Supreme Court and chief justices of high courts will draw a monthly salary of Rs 2.50 lakh, up from the current Rs 90,000, according to the Act notified by the law ministry.
The judges of high courts, who get Rs 80,000 per month now, will get Rs 2.25 lakh per month, the bill states.
The High Court and Supreme Court Judges (Salaries and Conditions of Service) Amendment Act, 2018 will also revise the rates of house rent allowance with effect from July 1, 2017 and the rates of sumptuary allowance with effect from September 22, 2017.
With PTI Inputs
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloomy Martha the Mastiff won't be winning any beauty contests anytime soon but they have won millions of hearts across the globe - as the World's Ugliest dog.
The whopping canine, who weighs 57 kilograms, has a flatulence problem, and has a permanently grumpy look thanks to their droopy face, was given the honour in an American competition in 2017.
With their abundance of jowls, wrinkly skin and bright red eyes Martha was a worthy winner of the prestigious title.
 They are one of the kooky looking animals to feature on tonight's ITV programme World's Ugliest Animals.
(Image: ITV)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: ITV/Spun Gold TV)
(Image: ITV/Spun Gold TV)
(Image: ITV/Spun Gold TV)
(Image: ITV/Spun Gold TV)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Caroline Quentin is visiting the ugly pets on their search to find the perfect candidate to take to World's Ugliest Dog competition in California.
Rescued from a puppy farm, hairless Chase, a 14-year-old Chinese-crested mix has a cataract and walks like a crab.
While peculiar looking Logan has one blue eye and one brown and a eye-catching over bite.
World's Ugliest Animals, tonight, ITV 8pm.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 800,000 kids are living in homes with domestic violence, a shock report warns today.
The vulnerable children face a daily risk of becoming victims of attacks between their warring parents.
Overall, two million children in England are growing up in families with serious risks to their wellbeing.
The Children's Commissioner, Anne Longfield, said the most vulnerable in the country are being let down by a system that leaves them to “fend for themselves”.
Them report into childhood vulnerability estimates that 2.1 million of England's 11.8 million children - one in six - are living in families with risks so serious that they need some level of help.
Some of the risks these children face include parents with mental health problems or parents who are alcoholics or have substance abuse problems.
(Image: Getty Images)
Of the 2.1 million children, there are 890,000 with parents suffering serious mental health problems, 825,000 living in homes with domestic violence, and 100,000 children who are living in a family with a “toxic trio”, mental health problems, domestic violence and alcohol and/or substance abuse.
The report widens the groups of children associated with forms of vulnerability or risk from 32 to 37 (with 70 sub-groups) after identifying new groups of vulnerable children.
Ms Longfield said: “Over a million of the most vulnerable children in England cannot meet their own ambitions because they are being let down by a system that doesn't recognise or support them, a system that too often leaves them and their families to fend for themselves until crisis point is reached.
(Image: Getty)
“Not every vulnerable child needs state intervention, but this research gives us, in stark detail, the scale of need and the challenges ahead.
“Meeting them will not be easy or cost-free.
“It will require additional resources, effectively targeted, so that we move from a system that marginalises vulnerable children to one which helps them.
“Supporting vulnerable children should be the biggest social justice challenge of our time.
“Every day we see the huge pressures on the family courts, schools and the care systems of failing to take long-term action.
“The cost to the state is ultimately greater than it should be, and the cost to those vulnerable children missing out on support can last a lifetime.
“We get the society we choose and at the moment we are choosing to gamble with the futures of hundreds of thousands of children.”
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Dwayne Townsend and daughters Ebony, 9, and Niquetta, 10 are pleading for help after failing to secure a rental property in the Casino area for more than a year.
Dwayne Townsend and daughters Ebony, 9, and Niquetta, 10 are pleading for help after failing to secure a rental property in the Casino area for more than a year. Marc Stapelberg
A SINGLE father with two young daughters is pleading for help after failing to secure a rental property in Casino for more than a year.
Casino local Dwayne Townsend has been pro actively applying for rental properties for themselves and daughters' Ebony, 9, and Niquetta, 10, through "all of the real estate agencies in Casino," and believes the property owners are rejecting them because they are receiving a disability pension, parenting payments and is not working.
"I can't work," they said.
"I broke my leg badly in an accident and suffer from severe osteo arthritis and gout ... I'm pretty much buggered.
"I've been trying for so long, I just wish someone would give us a chance."
Dwayne Townsend and daughters Ebony, 9, and Niquetta, 10 are pleading for help after failing to secure a rental property in the Casino area for more than a year. Marc Stapelberg
Mr Townsend said they had previously rented a property through PRD Nationwide Casino for five and a half years and had good rental references, but at times, agents would tell them they did not meet the application criteria.
"It's because of the rental shortage in this town" they said.
"It's also because rent is that dear here, but with my payments combined I can afford the rent.
"But it's also because I'm a single dad on disability...I get so down and depressed about it and just think I'm worthless."
Mr Townsend and their daughters have been staying with their mother's partner in Casino while they look for accommodation.
"We can't stay here much longer, we've been here long enough and mum's not real well," they said.
"I don't know what we'll do when we do have to leave."
Mr Townsend said they had explored all of the avenues in terms of government support and has been placed on waiting lists for both Government housing assistance and North Coast Community Housing.
"They don't know how long the wait is for both, but we've moved up the list for housing assistance," they said.
They pleaded for anyone with a private vacant or upcoming rental property to give them "a break".
"Please give me a go, I have two little girls and they deserve their own rooms in their own home," they said.
Mr Townsend can be contacted on 0458 510 442.
Owner of Casino Real Estate Mark Simpkins said social media was partially to blame for the decline in owners choosing to rent their property through an agent.
"They can use it to find their own tenants," they said.
"People seem to know about a source or know when people are moving out of properties before the real estate does.
"People are going with people they know over real estates these days.
They advised Mr Townsend to keep applying for properties.
"I don't see anything about their situation as a problem," they said.
"If they can make the rent of a week, have a good rental history and have good references, that is basically what I work off in my business.
"Deciding on the tennant is the owners decision ultimately, we just present them with all the information."
A Family and Community Services spokesperson said the NSW Government supports people to maintain tenancies in the private market with things like a loan to secure a rental bond or a subsidy if people get into rent arrears as a result of an unavoidable event.
"FACS Housing operates Rentstart to provide financial assistance for eligible clients to help them set up or maintain a tenancy in the private rental market," they said.
"Under Rentstart, FACS Housing may be able to assist a person with a loan of up to 75 per cent of their rental bond to establish a tenancy in the private market. The loan is interest free and repayable to FACS Housing."
A Private Rental Subsidy is also available which assists people to access affordable accommodation in the private rental market. Housing Call Centre on 1800 422 322 can help.
An individual can apply for Temporary Accommodation by attending local FACS office or contacting Link2Home on 1800 152 152.
The spokesperson said there were a range of local service providers who could provide direct assistance to Mr Townsend including:
Welcome to our weekly education news roundup. This week we thought we'd devote some time to President Trump's State of the Union speech, which had very little education news to round up.
In fact, that word appeared only twice in the speech, both times in passing reference while they were talking about other topics.
What the president did have to say came about halfway through the speech, in this one line:
"Let us open great vocational schools so our future workers can learn a craft and realize their full potential."
There's not much to go on there in terms of how to do that or where the money would come from.
Nor did Education Secretary Betsy DeVos expand on that much in a follow-up press release: "America must do better to prepare our students for success in the 21st century economy," it said. "I join the President in calling on Congress to act in the best interest of students and expand access to more education pathways."
In the Democratic response to the address, Massachusetts Congressman Joe Kennedy also had very little to say about education, though they did deliver their rebuttal from a career tech high school in their home state. Kennedy mentioned the importance of "a good education that you can afford," though he, too, didn't really expand on that.
Kennedy also noted the issue of bullying of transgender students in schools, and vowed that Democrats would fight for their rights. (As NPR Ed's Anya Kamenetz noted, DeVos has rolled back Obama-era guidance to schools on safeguarding transgender rights.)
On Thursday, Trump returned to the subject of vocational education and elaborated on their earlier comments while speaking to Republicans at their annual policy retreat:
"When I was growing up we had vocational schools. And when I was going to school, I remember I was in high school, there were people in class, one person in particular, they aren't, like, the greatest student. They just aren't. And yet I saw them one day, and they were able to fix a car engine blindfolded. And everybody else was saying, 'That's amazing, how talented they are.' They had a different kind of talent. And we should have vocational schools. You learn mechanical, you learn bricklaying and carpentry and of of these things. We don't have that very much anymore. And I think the word 'vocational' is a much better word than in many cases a community college."
Well, the nation's largest not-for-profit dedicated to furthering what Trump referred to as vocational education, the Association for Career & Technical Education (ACTE), was not impressed with the President's remarks and issued a spirited rebuttal, including a line-by-line fact-check.
ACTE's critique began with the word itself, arguing that "vocational" is not better but "outdated." The preferred term, "career and technical education," encompasses "not just technical skills, but also rigorous academic curriculum and 21st century employability skills in a much broader range of career fields." That's why, ACTE points out, the term is now used in federal and state laws as well as by the U.S. Department of Education.
When it comes to the issue of preparing students for the workforce, there is some movement in Congress. Earlier this month, Senate committees held hearings on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. The legislation, now known as the PROSPER Act, includes a measure that would expand apprenticeships in colleges and universities.
At NPR Ed, we've written extensively on vocational education, or career technical education (CTE). Across the country, these programs are evolving. Students clearly benefit from learning "soft skills" that are important in the working world, and employers expect qualities like professionalism from their workers. But recent studies have shown that some programs providing job-specific career training don't always pay off down the road as technology evolves.
Experts say that before career tech programs can be successful, they need attention and funding.
Sexual assault: Services for disabled students come up short
The National Council on Disability released a report on Tuesday about sexual assault on college campuses. Among the findings? Students with disabilities are simply "not on the radar" of colleges when it comes to efforts at reducing sexual assault. Prevention programs and resources meant to aid victims often remain inaccessible to students with disabilities. These findings follow a 2015 report from the Association of American Universities, which concluded that almost one-third of female undergraduates with a disability reported "nonconsensual sexual contact involving physical force or incapacitation."
White supremacists increasingly targeting college campuses
Activity among white supremacist groups on college campuses has risen dramatically this school year, according to the Anti-Defamation League. The ADL cited hundreds of instances of these groups engaging in activities such as hanging flyers and posters on campus, interrupting classes and holding events and protests.
Racial disparities at flagship universities
Many public universities are enrolling low rates of black and Latino students, according to an analysis from the Hechinger Report, a nonprofit news organization. In Mississippi, black students make up 50 percent of public high school graduates, but only 10 percent of flagship university enrollment. In California, Hispanic students make up 50 percent of public high school graduates, but less than 15 percent of enrollment at those universities.
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up their leash and retiring. Instead, they stormed back to win their category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes them only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
Akinfeev's 'Foot of God' answers Russia's World Cup prayers
Moscow, Jul 4 (AFP) The World Cup joke around Russia is that goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev has the "Foot of God".
Comparisons to the "Hand of God" goal Argentina great Diego Maradona scored against England in 1986 came naturally to Russians enraptured by the unlikely performance of their team.
Akinfeev had already won admiration for stopping two Spain penalties that sent the 2010 champions packing and Russia through to their first World Cup quarter-final since 1970.
But their winning left-foot save against Spain's Iago Aspas has some in the host nation thinking of the 32-year-old in even more reverential terms.
"Akinfeev themselves is a god," said their childhood coach Pavel Koval. "I think Igor is better than (Spain 'keeper David) de Gea."
- In Yashin's shadow -
======================
This level of exuberance is relatively new terrain for a solid player with their share of bad luck.
During the 2014 World Cup Akinfeev palmed a soft shot in Russia's opener against South Korea that somehow arched in over their head.
The Russians came back to draw the game but looked miserable walking off the pitch. They were eliminated two games later from what may have been one of the easiest groups in the draw.
Akinfeev's personal misfortune came when they suffered a knee injury while negotiating a lucrative move from CSKA Moscow to England's Premier League a decade ago.
The deal fell through and the Red Army club captain ended up spending their career in the relative anonymity of the domestic league -- one of the modern game's rare one-team stars.
Akinfeev will get their chance to shine before an even bigger audience when they pull on their gloves on Saturday in Russia's most important match in generations.
A win against Croatia in Sochi would put Russia in the semi-final of a World Cup for only the second time since the Soviets did it in England in 1966.
That team was led by Lev Yashin -- one of history's greatest goalkeepers with whom Akinfeev is occasionally compared.
Yashin features on the retro poster Russia prepared for its first home World Cup. There is some symmetry there as well.
Russia's central bank created a stir by pointing out that a 100-ruble note commemorating the World Cup it issued in May also shows a 'keeper making a save with their left foot'.
The hologram image is tiny and remained unnoticed by most. Officials later said it had not necessarily been meant to resemble Akinfeev.
The mystique that surrounded Yashin and their later Soviet successor Rinat Dasayev -- their cult status propagated by the Communist Party -- is yet to catch up with Russia's current No. 1.
But Akinfeev's 110 appearances for their country are more than those of either Yashin or Dasayev and their longevity alone draws comparison to the two.
"I witnessed three great eras. There was the Yashin era, the Dasayev one, and now the Akinfeev one," said their former coach Koval.
Akinfeev "has been playing (with the national team) for nearly 15 years and people will remember them for a long time -- not just two or three generations
Sprint has made picking the best mobile plan easier, much like T-Mobile's plans. There used to be a load of plans to choose from, all with subtle differences, but now Sprint is focused on its flagship unlimited plan.
There are still some other plans available for those that don't need all the data Sprint offers. We'll take a look at all of your options here.
Go straight to the plan: View at Sprint.com
Sprint Unlimited Freedom plan: Explained
Front and center in Sprint's current mobile plan offerings is the Unlimited Freedom plan, which extends to cover its family plan as well. So, what's the deal? Well, Unlimited Freedom offers unlimited talk, text and data. That includes HD video streaming and 10GB of mobile hotspot data per line on the plan. Sprint is even throwing in a free Hulu subscription with the plan.
1st line: $60/month
2nd line: $40/month
3rd-5th lines: $0/month for a limited time (reg. $30 each)
Sprint plans: access charges
Sprint used to list access charges when you go through the process of selecting a plan and a device on its website. These used to be an easy way to turn an attractive plan price sour quickly, as it could tack on over $10 to the price.
Now, Sprint doesn't mention it anywhere that we could so, so the days of access fees may be on their way out. Sprint's plans will include other taxes and fees though.
The right Sprint plan for you
If you want unlimited talk, text and data, then picking the right Sprint plan will be easy. If you think you might want less, we'll include details on some of the other plans Sprint offers so you can be sure you've seen your options and can make the right choice.
Sprint Unlimited Freedom plan | Unlimited calls, texts and data | $60/month
As we've mentioned, this plan comes with all the service you need, including HD video streaming, 10GB of mobile hotspot data per line, and the price per person gets cheaper for each line you add to the plan. The price is decent for a single line, but add on just one more person, it's a great deal for an unlimited plan. And, don't forget it comes with a free Hulu subscription.
Sprint has wrapped its family plan into the Unlimited Freedom plan as well.
Sprint 2GB plan| Unlimited calls and texts | $40/month
If you don't use much data and just want to have all the calling and texting with a sprinkle of the web and YouTube on top, this may be the plan for you. It includes mobile hotspot functionality and unlimited international texting as well.
Sprint 4GB prepaid plan| Unlimited calls and texts | $40/month
Sprint also offers a 4GB data plan with unlimited calls and text, mobile hotspot, and unlimited international texts for $40. Yes, that's the same price as the 2GB plan without an clear difference between what the plans offer other than that the 4GB plan is prepaid. The price listed is after a $5 discount for using AutoPay.
Sprint Forward: Unlimited | Unlimited data, calls and texts | $60/month
If you prefer a prepaid plan, Sprint has the Sprint Forward Unlimited plan, which is just about the equivalent of the Unlimited Freedom plan. It includes mobile hotspot international texting, and even allows you to add lines at lower rates. The first line is $60, the second is $40, and all additional lines are $30. However, there's a deal on right that offers four lines for $25 per month each, and Sprint will add a fifth line for free.
Sprint plans: Other options
If you're looking to get more than just a mobile phone plan, Sprint also offers an an unlimited data plan for tablets through its retail stores, and it has mobile broadband plans ranging from $15 to $80 per month.
Sprint phones
Don't forget that with a great smartphone plan, you'll also want to have a great smartphone. Check out the best smartphones for Sprint.
China's Xi meets FIFA head amid World Cup speculation
by Reuters 14 Jun 2017, 18:42 IST
China's President Xi Jinping listens to FIFA President Gianni Infantino during a meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China June 14, 2017. REUTERS/Fred Dufour/Pool
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged continued efforts to improve Chinese football in a meeting on Wednesday with FIFA President Gianni Infantino in Beijing, amid speculation that China may be planning a bid to host the World Cup.
"There is still a very large disparity in the general standard of China's football today compared to major footballing nations," Xi said in the meeting, according to state broadcaster CCTV.
Xi, an avid football fan, has launched an ambitious drive to improve Chinese football from the ground up, and has spoken of their wish for China to qualify for another World Cup, to host the tournament, and eventually to win one.
The country has invested heavily in the sport in recent years, boosting its Super League with some high-profile, big-money international signings.
Its growing influence within FIFA was reflected in the election of Zhang Jian to the governing body's council in May, and FIFA has appointed a number of Chinese companies as sponsors for the forthcoming World Cups in Russia and Qatar.
But its national team continues to struggle: they have only once qualified for the World Cup -- in 2002, when the team lost all three matches and failed to score a goal.
Ranked 82nd by FIFA, China is all but certain to miss out on qualification for the 2018 World Cup in Russia, after a late goal cost the team victory against Syria in their most recent match on Tuesday.
While the incomplete summary released by CCTV did not contain any mention of the World Cup, speculation has grown that China wishes to launch a bid to host the competition in either 2030 or 2034.
Xi told Infantino that China was cultivating a football culture for everyone, building world-class football schools and greatly expanding youth football, CCTV reported.
"The true meaning of football is not just about competition, it is more about cultivating people's patriotism and collective fighting spirit," Xi said.
Infantino commended China on attaching such great importance to football and promoting the sport to its people, according to CCTV.
"China plays a critical role in FIFA's football development strategy," the broadcaster reported them saying.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd and Philip Wen,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
New research by Adam Anderson, professor of human development at Cornell University's College of Human Ecology, reveals why the eyes offer a window into the soul.
According to the recent study, published in Psychological Science, we interpret a person's emotions by analyzing the expression in their eyes - a process that began as a universal reaction to environmental stimuli and evolved to communicate our deepest emotions.
For example, people in the study consistently associated narrowed eyes - which enhance our visual discrimination by blocking light and sharpening focus - with emotions related to discrimination, such as disgust and suspicion. In contrast, people linked open eyes - which expand our field of vision - with emotions related to sensitivity, like fear and awe.
"When looking at the face, the eyes dominate emotional communication," Anderson said. "The eyes are windows to the soul likely because they are first conduits for sight. Emotional expressive changes around the eye influence how we see, and in turn, this communicates to others how we think and feel."
This work builds on Anderson's research from 2013, which demonstrated that human facial expressions, such as raising one's eyebrows, arose from universal, adaptive reactions to one's environment and did not originally signal social communication.
Both studies support Charles Darwin's 19th-century theories on the evolution of emotion, which hypothesized that our expressions originated for sensory function rather than social communication.
"What our work is beginning to unravel," said Anderson, "are the details of what Darwin theorized: why certain expressions look the way they do, how that helps the person perceive the world, and how others use those expressions to read our innermost emotions and intentions."
Anderson and their co-author, Daniel H. Lee, professor of psychology and neuroscience at the University of Colorado, Boulder, created models of six expressions - sadness, disgust, anger, joy, fear and surprise - using photos of faces in widely used databases. Study participants were shown a pair of eyes demonstrating one of the six expressions and one of 50 words describing a specific mental state, such as discriminating, curious, bored, etc. Participants then rated the extent to which the word described the eye expression. Each participant completed 600 trials.
Participants consistently matched the eye expressions with the corresponding basic emotion, accurately discerning all six basic emotions from the eyes alone.
Anderson then analyzed how these perceptions of mental states related to specific eye features. Those features included the openness of the eye, the distance from the eyebrow to the eye, the slope and curve of the eyebrow, and wrinkles around the nose, the temple and below the eye.
The study found that the openness of the eye was most closely related to our ability to read others' mental states based on their eye expressions. Narrow-eyed expressions reflected mental states related to enhanced visual discrimination, such as suspicion and disapproval, while open-eyed expressions related to visual sensitivity, such as curiosity. Other features around the eye also communicated whether a mental state is positive or negative.
Further, they ran more studies comparing how well study participants could read emotions from the eye region to how well they could read emotions in other areas of the face, such as the nose or mouth. Those studies found the eyes offered more robust indications of emotions.
This study, said Anderson, was the next step in Darwin's theory, asking how expressions for sensory function ended up being used for communication function of complex mental states.
"The eyes evolved over 500 million years ago for the purposes of sight but now are essential for interpersonal insight," Anderson said.
###
Cornell University has television, ISDN and dedicated Skype/Google+ Hangout studios available for media interviews. For additional information, see this Cornell Chronicle story.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but they had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said they didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's their business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
WWE News: WWE returning to Barclays Center for SummerSlam 2018 weekend
SummerSlam is making a big return next year.
by Rohit Nath News 14 Aug 2017, 23:48 IST
SummerSlam weekend will return to Brooklyn for the 4th year in a row
What's the story?
As first reported by The New York Post and then announced by WWE.com, SummerSlam weekend will be returning to the Barclays Center in Brooklyn in 2018. Fans in the Barclays Center will be witness to four nights of great WWE shows.
In case you didn't know...
WWE first came to Barclays Center for SummerSlam weekend in 2015, when the first NXT Takeover: Brooklyn was also held. WWE announced in 2015 that they would be returning to the Barclays Center for 2016 and 2017 as well.
2016 saw the continuation of the weekend with NXT Takeover: Brooklyn II stealing the weekend like it did last year. Many expect Takeover: Brooklyn III to steal the show this SummerSlam weekend as well.
The Barclays Center is known to have the hardcore New York City crowd, who are very vocal and are considered one of the "smart cities" as well.
The heart of the matter
WWE.com made the announcement of SummerSlam weekend returning to Brooklyn, adding:
The WWE Universe in Brooklyn will be treated to four nights of incredible action as NXT TakeOver will take place on Saturday, Aug. 18; The Biggest Event of Summer, SummerSlam, will occur on Aug. 19; Raw on Aug. 20 and SmackDown LIVE on Aug. 21. SummerSlam Week also features a series of activities including interactive fan experiences and community outreach programs designed to leave a lasting impact throughout the region.
This is definitely great news for fans in New York City and surrounding areas as they get the 2nd biggest WWE PPV of the year for the 4th year in a row. Be prepared for 4 more nights of action-packed wrestling with a rowdy New York crowd.
What's next?
WWE has SummerSlam 2017 to deal with first before getting ahead of anything. The weekend is a highly anticipated one with several good events. You never know who could pop up in the weekend!
Author's take
It's really good that WWE is returning to Brooklyn, but the main reason it makes me happy is NXT Takeover: Brooklyn IV will take place. In fact, they should return to Brooklyn even in 2019 so that there is a 5th edition of Takeover: Brooklyn.
Something about Takeover: Brooklyn that has an unexplainable magic to it. Hopefully, that is repeated this year. One thing is for sure, we'll hear the loud NYC crowd go at it once again in 2019!
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at Ground Zero, officials announced Wednesday in unveiling the design concept.
The new dedicated area will also serve as a way to honor those who became sick or died from exposure to the toxins in the environment after the Twin Towers fell.
"Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to have been exposed to toxins at the World Trade Center site, both on the day of 9/11 and during the months of recovery operations that followed," Alice Greenwald, president and CEO of the National Sept. 11 Memorial & Museum, said in a statement.
They added, "By integrating this meaningful public space at the memorial, we seek to recognize all those for whom 9/11 has remained an all-too-present reality."
The announcement was on the day of the memorial and museum's annual commemoration of the rescue and recovery effort, which officially ended on May 30, 2002.
The idea for the space had been announced last year, with officials joined by former "The Daily Show" host Jon Stewart, a board member of the museum who has been an outspoken advocate for the Zadroga Act, which provides health benefits to first responders who fell ill after the attacks.
They said in their statement: "These men and women sacrificed themselves for the rest of us and have spent years suffering and dying because of it. We have long owed it to them to honor their contributions. It's also important for us to recognize the folks who have died or are suffering who were exposed to World Trade Center toxins while working in lower Manhattan or called the community their home."
The new space was designed by Michael Arad and Peter Walker, the men who came up with the concept for the reflecting pools and surrounding trees that make up the Sept. 11 memorial and plaza.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The pathway on the southwest corner of the plaza will loosely be in the area of the ramp that was used to remove material from the site during the grueling nine-month effort to clear it. It will end near the Survivor Tree, a Callery pear tree that was severely damaged in the attack but nursed back to health and replanted at the site.
The six stones will be placed alongside the pathway, pointing upward. In their design statement, Arad said, "these stones are rough and worn, and their angle suggests a forceful resistance, an answer to the violence that brought them forth."
The plan for the area also includes incorporating a text inscription to go along with the stones that will include steel from the original World Trade Center that visitors will be able to touch.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two friends filmed themselves beating a man to death in a park while telling them to "smile for the camera" - a court has heard.
Keith Lowe, 22, is accused of murdering 23-year-old Brendan Mason along with pal Joshua Hack, 21, before stripping the victim and dumping them in a pond in Abbey Park, Leicester.
Lowe denies murder and perverting the course of justice.
Hack pleaded guilty to murder at a previous hearing and is awaiting sentencing.
A trial at Leicester Crown Court heard Mr Mason suffered brain damage and two collapsed lungs among the 99 injuries to their head and body during the attack in the early hours of Tuesday, July 5, last year.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Prosecuting, Miranda Moore QC, told a jury the pair lured Mr Mason to the park before killing them and cycling away from the scene to a McDonald's to get drinks.
Mr Mason was discovered hours later by two groundsmen working in the park and died later in hospital.
The jury was shown mobile phone footage recovered from Hack's mobile phone allegedly showing the pair taunting their victim as they cry out in pain.
Lowe allegedly said: "Shut your ******* mouth now."
One person says Mr Mason's name, followed by Hack saying: "Here you go. Say smile, smile."
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
One of the assailants says: "Smile for the camera" as the mobile phone is held near Mr Mason's face.
A voice is heard: "****** face shot mate, innit."
Hack: "Shut them up… before I shut them up… I will.
Hack: "Ooh, nice cut on your eye."
Miss Moore said: "This wasn't a one-man operation, it was two people acting together attacking one person.
"They lured Brendan to the park. They had the intention of giving Brendan a beating.
"It was an area where they wouldn't be disturbed – the place should have been locked.
"Our case is it was an attack these two had in their mind before they started it."
Lowe's trial continues.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
They double-faulted. Then they tried an underhand serve — not their first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros; they also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning their first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning their first-round match at the French Open, they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. They gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw.
They then won their first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand, their playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which they eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up their game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking. They won both of their previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Trump Continues To Attack Special Counsel Mueller, Despite Republicans Advising Otherwise President Trump lashed out on Twitter against Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation. Some Republicans reacted by defending Mueller's probe, and the White House put out a statement saying firing Mueller is not under consideration.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Champions League group stages are over and Europe's biggest teams are looking forward to the round of 16.
Manchester United's Europa League success last season means the five English teams still in the competition, and all of them qualified for the last 16
Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham all qualified early while United and Liverpool joined them in next week's draw following the final round of group games.
But when exactly is the draw? And which other teams will be in it?
Here is all you need to know...
(Image: KEYSTONE)
When is the draw?
The draw takes place on Monday, December 11. The process is due to get underway at 11am UK time.
Which teams have qualified?
Barcelona*, Basel, Bayern München, Beşiktaş*, Chelsea, Juventus, Liverpool*, Manchester City*, Manchester United*, Paris Saint-Germain*, Porto, Real Madrid, Roma*, Sevilla, Shakhtar Donetsk, Tottenham Hotspur*
*Group winners
(Image: REUTERS)
When will the round of 16 ties take place?
The first legs will take place on February 13/14 and February 20/21. The second legs will take place on March 6/7 and March 13/14.
1st Sustainment Command (Theater) Command Sgt. Maj. Edward Bell presented their final Sustainer of the Week certificate and Coin of Excellence to Sgt. Terrence Church, aviation structural repair sergeant with the 1106th Theater Aviation Sustainment Maintenance Group, California Army National Guard, during their final operational command post mission at Camp Arifjan, Kuwait, Dec. 30, 2016. (U.S. Army Photo by Staff Sgt. Dalton Smith)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.30.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 07:11 Photo ID: 3082986 VIRIN: 161230-A-BG398-014 Resolution: 1000x666 Size: 233.46 KB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 21 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Bell's final Sustainer of the Week, by SSG Dalton Smith, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Jowett passed the information on to Waterloo Region's public health department.
"This is not a usual form of naloxone distribution," said Julie Kalbfleisch, spokesperson with public health. The information was passed on to the Ontario College of Pharmacists and the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care.
Asked if door-to-door distribution of kits is allowed, ministry spokesperson Kent Anjo said pharmacists and pharmacy technicians are not to solicit an individual, except under limited circumstances, such as when providing information about the availability of professional services.
"If any member of the public has concerns or suspects a pharmacist, or pharmacy technician ... of soliciting a product via door to door sales, they should note the name of the suspected pharmacist/pharmacy technician and contact the Ontario College of Pharmacists (OCP) to verify the salesperson's credentials and to file a complaint with the college," they said in an email.
Newman said they are following the Drug and Pharmacies Regulation Act. "In my case, I inform any person that I meet that I am with a pharmacy and what service I am providing," they said. "If the person does not want the service, I move on to someone else."
On Feb. 21, the Ontario College of Pharmacists put a condition on Newman's professional right to practise. The college said they "agreed to immediately cease the dispensing and/or sale of naloxone or facilitating the dispensing and/or sale of naloxone to persons except in accordance with the College's guidance document, Dispensing or Selling Naloxone. In particular, Mr. Newman and the Pharmacy shall ensure that appropriate assessment and training are provided by a pharmacist to persons dispensed and/or sold naloxone."
The college would not elaborate but Newman said the conditions placed on them had to do with distributing the kits door to door.
"There is no charge, there's nothing going on with what I'm doing. They're just concerned with what I'm doing because it's different," said Newman.
They said the service they provide is a public good that not only helps communities at risk but also allows people to avoid the stigma associated with asking for a kit in a pharmacy.
"We know that there's a problem in Preston and we know that there's a problem in Galt," they said.
"The place we went to (Monday), from one of the residents we've been told there's at least 10 units (in the complex) where people are either using or selling drugs"
Under the province's Ontario Naloxone Program, started in September 2017, pharmacists are reimbursed by the province for kits they give to people who have a history with substance abuse, or who have a friend or family member who use.
The ministry said a pharmacist gets $110 for an nasal spray kit, plus a $10 professional fee. For a first time recipient of an injectable kit, a pharmacist receives $35 for the kit, a $10 professional fee and a $25 training fee.
Newman said they don't make much money going door to door as they have to pay to put the kits together and bring assistants with him.
Cambridge resident Shannon Lowry is happy they received a kit earlier this week from a representative of Delaware Pharmacy.
"I really think it's a gift," said Lowry.
lbooth@therecord.com, Twitter: @BoothRecord
lbooth@therecord.com , Twitter: @BoothRecord
Wide receiver Terrell Owens had a dynamic three seasons with the Dallas Cowboys. They were elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame over the weekend. Dr. Scott M. Lieberman AP
A spokesperson for The New York Times responded: "We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting."
But while the misdeeds and manipulations of Hollywood producers have long been considered a constant of the movie business, the passionate reactions on Thursday suggested a dearth of forgiveness for Weinstein.
"Anyone who does business with (blank space) is complicit," actor Rose McGowan tweeted. The New York Times reported that a settlement of $100,000 was paid to McGowan by Weinstein after an incident in 1997 when they were 23.
Ashley Judd recounted an incident from two decades ago in which they said they were asked to meet Weinstein in their hotel room. Weinstein greeted them wearing a bathrobe and asked them if they could give them a massage or if they would watch them shower, the paper reported. "Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly," Judd told the Times.
Richard Rushfield, founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler, sensed a shift in the response to the allegations against Weinstein.
"In the past, this many people in Hollywood would never have come forward against a big Hollywood Poobah like this," said Rushfield. "If they had, the story would have gone nowhere. And if it had, the subject could have been changed, laughed off, done six months in a penalty box and come back."
"The problem is there's going to be a cost to association with him. Anybody who makes a movie with them now is going to be subjected to questions about it," said Rushfield. They added: "He's going to be untouchable and I don't think in the internet age that goes away. Those stories are there."
Weinstein's stature was also already diminished. They have had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades, producing films like "Pulp Fiction" and "Shakespeare in Love," for which they won an Oscar. They masterminded extremely successful Oscar campaigns with their company Miramax, which they ran with their brother. The brothers sold Miramax to Walt Disney Co. in 1993. Twelve years later, they left Miramax to found their namesake company. More Oscar wins followed, including back-to-back best-picture winners in 2011 and 2012 with "The King's Speech" and "The Artist."
But in recent years, The Weinstein Company has suffered from a string of executive exits, mounting lawsuits and increasingly hectic distribution decisions. In 2016, the company didn't receive a best-picture nomination for the first time since 2008. Weinstein returned to the category with "Lion" at this year's Oscars, but their pre-eminence as an Academy Awards heavyweight has waned.
Money problems have plagued the company intermittently since 2009, when it entered bankruptcy. Last year, The Weinstein Co. continually shuffled release dates and delayed films amid reports that it was too cash-strapped to put a full slate of films into theatres. Some 50 staffers were let go.
Movies like "The Founder" and "Tulip Fever" were juggled over numerous release date shifts. After "The Founder," with Michael Keaton, was released in January along with the Matthew McConaughey-led "Gold," the co-financier of "The Founder," FilmNation, sued The Weinstein Company for $15 million, alleging Weinstein violated the non-compete clause of their agreement.
The Weinstein Co. had a modest hit this summer with the acclaimed thriller "Wind River." The $11 million film has made $33 million. But the company's fall season awards hopeful "The Current War," with Benedict Cumberbatch, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival to withering reviews.
Instead, other leaders in independent film have stepped forward, including "Moonlight" distributor A24 and Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures.
"Women face serious repercussions for sharing their experiences and deserve our full support," Ellison said on Twitter. "I admire the courage of these women."
___
Coyle reported from New York.
By Lindsey Bahr And Jake Coyle, The Associated Press
Kilauea's Fast-Moving Lava Threatens Another Community, Volcanic Haze Reaches Guam
U.S. Geological Survey YouTube
It has been 27 days since the massive eruption of Kilauea sent lava gushing from cracks, spreading destruction through communities in the southeastern corner of Hawaii's Big Island. And now volcanic haze drifting across 4,000 miles threatens some residents of Guam, according to officials.
The National Weather Service reported volcanic haze produced by the activity of the rumbling volcano has been carried along by strong winds over the Mariana Islands.
"Residents with respiratory health problems should stay indoors and avoid being outdoors when haze is seen," Guam's homeland security office said in a statement. "Mariners and pilots should be aware of lower visibilities caused by this haze."
Although the haze does not contain sulfur dioxide or other toxic chemicals, a NWS official told NPR the particles in the air can still be harmful to people with sensitive respiratory systems. The official added the haze is expected to dissipate by the end of Thursday morning but will likely return as Kilauea continues to erupt.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mario Tama/Getty Images Mario Tama/Getty Images
On the island, conditions have worsened. Each day brings some sort of geologic phenomenon, including laze, blue flames, vog, ash clouds, ballistic blocks, splatter bombs, sky-high lava fountains, ash plumes, and more than 2000 earthquakes.
On Wednesday U.S. Geological Survey officials warned fast-moving lava threatened to tear through more homes in the already ravaged communities of Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens. They estimated violent eruptions of molten rock spewing out of a nearby fissure — Fissure 8 — were burning through anything in its path at a rate of 600 yards per hour.
Additionally, a lava fountain rising out of the crack in the Earth was spraying more than 200 feet into the air, and multiple secondary fountains reached 60 feet.
The USGS reported the fiery springs have caused sharp, thin strands of volcanic glass fibers called "Pele's hair" to fall from the sky throughout the Leilani Estates and Pahoa region. The dangerous fibers — named after Hawaiian fire and volcano goddess Pele — are produced when lava splatter droplets cools rapidly in the air and can cause skin and eye irritation similar to volcanic ash.
Officials are urging people to steer clear of tiny and abrasive particles of glass.
Meanwhile, Hawaii County Civil Defense scrambled to get residents out of Kapoho, a neighborhood north of Leilani Estates, before they became trapped by advancing lava.
"You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road near Four Corners," the USGS warned Wednesday.
Volcanic gas emissions, consisting of sulfuric dioxide also remained "very high" and the weather exacerbated the poor air quality. Wind conditions in the coming days means "vog" — volcanic gas mixed with ash — is expected to spread over the island, according to the USGS.
Hawaii Public Radio reported about 22 fissures have torn open the ground and at least 40 homes have been wrecked since May 3. More than 2,000 acres of land have been smothered by lava and about 200 people are staying in emergency shelters.
The most recent map of lava flows can be found here.
The agency has been updating the public, disseminating vital safety information and responding to questions over Twitter since early May but on Tuesday, officials took some time to respond to an odd query: Jay Furr wanted to know, "Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous?"
"Erm...we're going to have to say no, that's not safe. (Please don't try!)," replied the USGS before delivering a little science. "If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction."
The good sports at the USGS chose not to specify exactly what happens when sulfuric acid and sugar are mixed, but many others on the Internet have and you can see them here.
ITTA BENA, Miss. — Reginald Gee scored from in the paint twice in overtime and Alabama State escaped Mississippi Valley State with an 89-85 victory in a Southwestern Conference battle Saturday.
Gee put the Hornets in front with a layup and Jacoby Ross extended the lead to five with a 3-pointer. Terrance LeFlore answered a layup from Dante Scott to keep the lead at five. After Jordan Evans hit from deep, Gee tipped in a missed layup by Ross with :35 left to set the final score.
LeFlore tied the game at 80-80 with :27 left in regulation with a 3-point play to force overtime.
Gee and LeFlore each scored 17 points and Ross added another 16 to lead Alabama State (4-18, 4-6), which hit 32 of 64 shots from the field, including 11 of 26 from distance.
FCC Says It Will Vote On Net Neutrality Despite Millions Of Fake Public Comments Millions of public comments in advance of the FCC's vote on net neutrality turn out to have been faked. Some used phony names, others came from Russian email addresses. The FCC says it will go ahead with its vote this week nonetheless.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“Most people don't know about bereavement allowance until the worst happens,” says Karen Sheppard as we talk about the night their husband died.
“Everyone thinks loss is all emotional but the practical side of things can be just as difficult," added Karen, a preschool teacher from Emersons Green.
Karen was with their husband Darren on the night they died four years ago.
“He was there in the evening, but in the morning they were gone,” said Karen, who is now 47-years-old.
Darren, who was 40-years-old at the time, suffered a massive heart attack and died shortly after.
“He said they felt ill before we went to bed and then they had the heart attack, the ambulance was called and then they were gone,” the mum-of-two said.
(Image: BristolLive)
Overnight, Karen became a single mum, suffering through the grief of losing their husband while trying to juggle looking after their young son and daughter.
Harry, their eldest is now 11-years-old and Holly is ten. “The children were there when it happened and saw it all, that's been hard for them to get over. They have been incredibly strong, but I can never really understand what it has been like for them to lose their dad so young,” said Karen.
In a matter of hours, Karen had also lost two-thirds of their income and on top of the pain of losing Darren became scared they would no longer be able to support them family.
But, that is when they found out about the Widowed parents allowance which uses money the deceased parent paid into the system through National Insurance to support their family until the children are 18-years-old.
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
“I wouldn't be where I am right now if I wasn't given these payments. No matter what happens to you, you can't just stop paying your bills. I was terrified.
“Darren's death had a massive effect on my children anyway, but if I had to change job, move, get childcare, then it would've been much worse. The payments allowed me to sustain as normal a home life for my children for as long as possible,” they said.
However, since April, 2017, the government have changed the scheme to a one off payment of £3,000 and then smaller payments for 18 months. Then, all support stops.
“The reason the government gave for changing the system is they said the old system stopped bereaved parents adjusting to single parent life, I find that utterly insulting,” said Karen.
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
“If I was divorce I would get maintenance money, they are not going to stop that to make people adjust to single life are they?
“I had no choice but to adjust to ‘single life'.
“And grief doesn't just stop after 18 months, if anything it becomes rawer,” Karen added.
“For me, my lowest point came about two years later when everything had a chance to sink in, people are around you less and you realise - this is my life now.
"Before then, I had just got on with it and kept going but then the pressure of being a single parent supporting two young children forever without their dad kicked in.”
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
A petition to repeal the changes has been set up and currently has 8,075 signatures and it needs 10,000.
Another petition was set up previously and gathered 7,154 signatures but was closed early because of the General Election in June, 2017.
The change in the system means that some families will lose out on as much as £100,000 over time compared to the previous system.
And parents, stressed about paying for funerals, losing their jobs, keeping a roof over their head and even more will not be able to provide the vital emotional support to their children which could have knock on effects in the future.
“People don't hear about this benefit until the worst happens and their partners die, and only then do people realise its importance,” said Karen.
“I've spoken to a few people already who are losing their payment and I just don't know what will happen to them or so many others. Them and their children will have to suffer so much more because of the financial stress they will be under,” they said.
"I'm worried for parents much less fortunate than I was, they and their children could quite easily fall through the gaps."
If you want to sign the government petition to Repeal the April 2017 changes to Bereavement Support.
Guptill to miss start of South Africa series with hamstring strain
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 05:20 IST
Cricket - New Zealand v Pakistan - World Twenty20 cricket tournament - Mohali, India, 22/03/2016. New Zealand's Martin Guptill walks off the field after their dismissal. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi Picture Supplied by Action Images
WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand will be without Martin Guptill for the one-off Twenty20 international against South Africa and the start of the one-day series as they recover from another hamstring strain.
Guptill injured their right hamstring during training, a separate injury to the one on their left leg that ruled the opening batsman out of the Bangladesh T20 series in January and one-day matches against Australia earlier this month.
Auckland wicketkeeper-batsman Glenn Phillips will make their international debut as Guptill's replacement for Friday's T20 match at Eden Park, the team said on Wednesday.
Dean Brownlie takes Guptill's place in the ODI squad for the first two fixtures of the five-game series.
Selector Gavin Larsen said the 20-year-old Phillips earned their selection on the strength of their domestic form.
"Glenn was outstanding for Auckland at the top of the order ... and proved an extremely exciting player," they said in a media release.
"He bats with power; has shown they can clear the rope, and gets a deserved opportunity to showcase their skills on the international stage.
"Glenn will play as a specialist batsman only, with Luke Ronchi still taking the gloves. Playing in their home city, it will certainly be a big occasion for Glenn."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
A grand jury on Wednesday voted to indict Harvey Weinstein on charges of first- and third-degree rape and first-degree criminal sexual act."This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged," Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance said. "Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand."Weinstein surrendered to authorities in New York City on Friday to face charges stemming from accusations by two women. They declined to testify before the grand jury, with their lawyers saying there wasn't enough time to prepare and that "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.A statement issued through a Weinstein spokesperson said the former movie mogul learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not. Their request for more time was denied, the statement said."Finally, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said, referring to Vance.He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and their lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear their name" in the New York prosecution.Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that continued after the alleged 2013 attack.The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped her.The other accuser in the case, former actor Lucia Evans, has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting.Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.(The Associated Press contributed to this report)
Ty Dellandrea, Ryan Moore and Max Kislinger scored for the Firebirds (3-2-0).
Jeremy Helvig kicked out 33 shots for Kingston. Luke Cavallin made 30 saves for Flint.
---
67'S 4 PETES 3 (SO)
OTTAWA — Sasha Chmelevski scored twice in regulation and again in the shootout as the 67's topped Peterborough.
Austen Keating also found the back of the net for Ottawa (3-3-1). Olivier Tremblay turned away 19 shots.
Zach Gallant, Semyon Der-Arguchintsev and Nikita Korostelev had goals for the Petes (3-2-1). Dylan Wells made 38 saves in defeat.
---
SPITFIRES 2 STORM 1
GUELPH, Ont. — Aaron Luchuk had the game-winning goal for Windsor in the second period and Michael DiPietro turned aside 45 shots as the Spitfires edged the Storm.
Daniel D'Amico also scored for Windsor (4-1-1).
Ryan Merkley scored for Guelph (2-2-1) and Anthony Popovich stopped 26 shots.
---
STING 4 COLTS 1
SARNIA, Ont. — Adam Ruzicka struck twice and Justin Fazio stopped 31 shots as the Sting defeated Barrie.
Jordan Ernst supplied the game-winning goal for Sarnia (5-1-0) in the second period and Theo Calvas had the other.
Zachary Magwood scored for the Colts (4-2-1) and Leo Lazarev made 27 saves.
---
RANGERS 5 OTTERS 3
KITCHENER, Ont. — Giovanni Vallati had a power-play goal in the second period that gave the Rangers a 4-0 lead and they held on for a win over Erie.
Jake Henderson, Riley Damiani, Adam Mascherin and Joseph Garreffa rounded out the attack for Kitchener (4-1-1).
Patrick Fellows, Kyle Maksimovich and Joseph Mack scored for the Otters (1-4-1).
Anthony Dumont-Bouchard turned away 30 shots for the Rangers. Anand Oberoi combined with Troy Timpano for 23 saves for Erie.
---
ICEDOGS 5 GENERALS 4 (OT)
OSHAWA, Ont. — Matthew Philip scored the overtime winner as Niagara edged the Generals.
Ben Jones scored twice in regulation for the IceDogs (4-2-0), who also got goals from Danial Singer and Ian Martin.
Kenny Huether, Allan McShane, Domenico Commisso and Kyle MacLean chipped in for Oshawa (3-2-1).
Stephen Dhillon turned away 22 shots for Niagara. Logan Gauthier made 29 saves for the Generals.
---
GREYHOUNDS 4 KNIGHTS 1
LONDON, Ont. — Boris Katchouk had a pair of goals to lift Sault Ste. Marie over the Knights.
Jack Kopacka and Hayden Verbeek supplied the rest of the offence for the Greyhounds (5-1-1).
Josh Nelson scored the lone goal for London (1-5-0).
By The Canadian Press
Image: Twitter/NASA
If seeing the sky light up with beautiful colours at night has always been on your bucket list, you don't really have to go to Iceland or Norway or anywhere near the Arctic to do so – just the US east coast would do. Because NASA is planning on having some fun tomorrow night and will be launching a rocket that will, quite literally, paint the clouds (artificially, of course). NASA's tiny rocket, called the Terrier-improved Malemute Sounding Rocket was initially supposed to be launched yesterday into space from the agency's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. However, thanks to bad weather, the launch has already been delayed twice and will now be launched later tomorrow night at 9.05 pm Eastern Time (6.35 am IST)
ALSO READ: Meet the only Indian-American among the elite NASA Astronaut candidates
The rocket will spray artificial colouring chemicals into the clouds along the East Coast as part of an effort to study the rocket's launching capabilities. While usual NASA rockets are too big to care about mild weather disturbances, the tiny Sounding rocket's launch is extremely dependent on having the perfect weather for launch. Which is why it's launch has been delayed or scrapped multiple times over the past two weeks. For perspective, this is nearly how big the scrawny and small Sounding rocket will be:
Once launched, the rocket will release chemical gases filled in canisters that will create a beautiful hue of blue and red across the US East Coast's sky. According to experts at NASA, the artificial ‘northern lights' can be seen along a length of the East coast as wide as from New York to North Caroline and as far inland as Charlottesville.
NASA's rocket will paint the clouds by using a combination of chemicals such as vapour tracers of barium, strontium and cupric oxide at an altitude of 90 to 120 miles (145 to 200 kms). And if any of those names chemical names sound alarming to you – NASA has assured that they are completely non-toxic and will not create any adverse after-effects, so you can chill (Unless you're a Chemtrails conspiracy theorist, of course). The entire launch event will last only about eight to nine minutes and after releasing the canisters, the Sounding rocket will splash down 90 miles (145 kms) off-shore into the Atlantic.
So if you're in the US East Coast, or are planning to be there tomorrow night, be ready for a fun show and get off Netflix and head to your terrace. If not, NASA's being nice and live-streaming not just the launch but also the entire effect it will create. While in the US it will be visible (if the launch goes through) tonight. Folks in India can only see the live-stream around 6.35 am on Thursday.
You can catch the live-stream here.
NOW READ: NASA has plans of mining an asteroid worth $10,000 quadrillion in metal
> More on Get Smart
Up Next: Break every style rule in the book
Morning News Brief
President Trump attacked the Russia probe following the firing of deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe. And Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, but the firm is saying that it didn't misuse data.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
Well, rarely a dull moment if you were following President Trump's Twitter feed, right?
NOEL KING, HOST:
Absolutely.
GREENE: Their latest tweets over the weekend were very focused on the special counsel's Russia investigation, and this is raising some questions about whether we're seeing a shift here in this probe.
KING: Yeah. The president in their tweets used familiar terms like witch hunt and no collusion to attack the special counsel probe led by Robert Mueller. And then the president's defense lawyer, John Dowd, says they hope that the Justice Department will just shut the special counsel probe down. Now, that has sparked speculation that the president might move to fire Mueller. And the question is is that speculation actually warranted?
GREENE: Well, let's talk to Tamara Keith about this. She's NPR's White House correspondent. They also host the NPR Politics podcast. Hi, Tam.
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: Hi.
GREENE: All right. So we've got these tweets. We also have what is actually being said or has been said by the president's legal team, which seems very important. But they can't seem to get on the same page, it sounds like.
KEITH: Well - and I think it is really important to point out that these tweets move into new territory. President Trump, up until this point, hasn't called out Mueller by name. He's sort of amorphously talked about a witch hunt. But now, President Trump is directly talking about Special Counsel Robert Mueller. And yes, as you say, John Dowd, the outside lawyer, is saying they hope that the investigation is just shut down on its own merits. And then you have Ty Cobb, who's the lawyer inside the White House who is tasked with dealing with the special counsel investigation. He's not, strictly speaking, President Trump's lawyer. And what they are saying is that President Trump is not considering or talking about firing Mueller. And they blamed the speculation on the media, though the speculation could have been caused by the president and their outside lawyer.
GREENE: Maybe it was the president tweeting, yeah. I mean - and tweeting. OK. So we have this speculation. The president causes some of it with their tweets. And then you have Ty Cobb saying to ignore it. But obviously, some lawmakers are not ignoring the speculation. I just want to play Republican Congressman Trey Gowdy here from Fox News on Sunday.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "FOX NEWS SUNDAY")
TREY GOWDY: If you have an innocent client, Mr. Dowd, act like it. Russia attacked our country. Let Special Counsel Mueller figure that out. And if you believe, as we found, there's no evidence of collusion, you should want Special Counsel Mueller to take all the time and have all the independence they need to do their job.
GREENE: I mean, this is not a small thing, right, Tam? This is a Republican lawmaker telling the White House to back off.
KEITH: Yes, a Republican lawmaker - R asterisks (ph) - retiring to be able to speak more freely but, yes, exactly. And you also have Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina who is saying that it would be the beginning of the end of the Trump presidency if Robert Mueller were to be pressured into ending the investigation or fired.
GREENE: Well, what is - what do we know about the special counsel investigation right now? I mean, the president had seemed to get assurances from their lawyers that it would be over by now. It doesn't seem to be happening.
KEITH: Yeah. It turns out the president's lawyers don't decide. And Mueller's investigation is ongoing. We - it's sort of a black box. We don't know exactly where he's headed or where they - or we do know where he's been. And we don't know what comes next. And that keeps it interesting, certainly. And President Trump is - we know that there is some negotiation happening between Trump's legal team and Mueller, but they aren't saying exactly where that's leading.
GREENE: All right. NPR's Tamara Keith, who host the NPR Politics podcast. Thanks, Tam.
KEITH: You're welcome.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
GREENE: Al right. Facebook has found itself at the center of yet another controversy here.
KING: Yeah, that's right. The New York Times and the British paper The Observer report that the tech firm Cambridge Analytica harvested private information from millions of Facebook users. Those reports also say the Trump campaign then used some of this information to influence voters in 2016. Here's where we stand. Facebook has suspended Cambridge Analytica. The firm says it did not misuse data, and lawmakers are calling for an investigation.
GREENE: OK. Let's bring in NPR's Aarti Shahani, who's been covering this. And, Aarti, I guess we have to go back - what? - to 2015 to really understand how this story developed.
AARTI SHAHANI, BYLINE: Yes, that's right. A Russian-American professor made an app that they built as a personality predictor. Give us your Facebook feed, your likes, your posts, and we'll tell you about yourself. Well, about 270,000 people downloaded, but because of how Facebook set up its system, the app didn't just get their profile. It sucked in friends' profiles too, so that's up to 50 million users...
GREENE: Oh, wow.
SHAHANI: ...The vast majority of whom - right? - they didn't opt in. Then the guy turns around and passes the data onto Cambridge Analytica, which is against Facebook's terms. Now, fast-forward to just this past Friday. Out of the blue, a Facebook lawyer posts a blog saying, hey, back in 2015, we learned about this. We told the parties to delete the data, and we've discovered maybe it didn't listen to us. What the lawyer failed to say was The New York Times and Observer are about to publish an explosive report.
GREENE: It's amazing. It all goes back to something that seemed so innocent. You're just saying like, hey, I want to learn more about myself. Let me sign up for this thing.
SHAHANI: Yeah, who doesn't?
GREENE: So there's outrage here, some of it being directed at the president's campaign, President Trump's campaign, that they exploited Facebook data. Is that - is that a fair accusation?
SHAHANI: Well, you got to be really careful here. First of all, Cambridge Analytica got the data and that's before Trump became the Republican nominee. And second, there's just not compelling evidence out there to prove the data even matters, OK? I mean, lots of experts say the Facebook data is garbage, and it's not useful for political targeting. But, you know, all the outrage is great for the company. It's free marketing for a shaky, unproven product.
GREENE: Oh, that's interesting. All this news could actually be marketing for the company, which is a part of the story I hadn't even thought about. Well, is - can we just ask about Facebook? I mean, are they - have they been victimized here, or are they somehow an accomplice or somewhere in between?
SHAHANI: (Laughter) They cannot play the victim card here, OK? Fact is Facebook has built pretty much a completely unregulated data market. They get to harvest user profiles and sell or share as they please. And, you know, they basically lost control of the system that they built. Insiders in Facebook know it, and they're scrambling, OK? One top Facebook executive canceled meetings in Washington, D.C., this week, including a meeting with NPR. A rep said it's because they are conducting a comprehensive internal and external review. And another employee, a senior data scientist, told me that, yeah, Facebook's had historically weak enforcement of the terms. You know, so now it's a race to clean up the mess before lawmakers try to regulate.
GREENE: And lawmakers seem very ready to try and regulate as we've been hearing from them.
SHAHANI: Well, let's see about that, yeah.
GREENE: Yeah. All right. NPR's Aarti Shahani talking to us about a pretty extraordinary story involving potentially millions of Facebook users. Aarti, thanks.
SHAHANI: Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
GREENE: So over the course of the next couple weeks, the crown prince of Saudi Arabia may be coming to a city near you.
KING: Yeah. Their name is Mohammed bin Salman. Bin means son.  They are the son of the Saudi king, Salman. And King Salman has given the prince immense power even though they are only 32 years old. Mohammed bin Salman is taking an international tour. He's stopping in London and Cairo, and now he's in the U.S. He'll be visiting East Coast cities. He'll be visiting Houston, Seattle, Silicon Valley.  They are looking for investment, and he's promoting Saudi Arabia's reforms, but he's also trailed by protests because they got Saudi Arabia involved in a civil war in Yemen.
GREENE: That is a civil war that we're going to hear much more about because our co-host Steve Inskeep has been traveling to examine that war in Yemen.  They are with us now from just across the water in Djibouti. Hi, Steve.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Hey there, Dave.
GREENE: So how bad is this war?
INSKEEP: It is a humanitarian disaster. Saudis and other nations backed by the United States, by the way, have taken one side in a civil war. It's been moving along for several years, largely beneath our attention because of all this other news you've just been discussing.
GREENE: Right.
INSKEEP: So to get a picture, we traveled into Yemen. We also came to meet refugees who have fled here to Djibouti. I'm beside the harbor of this East African nation. Just yesterday, we met a guy who put their wife and their three small kids on a small fishing boat in the middle of the night and floated over the Gulf of Aden. And when they got here, they met us and they said we have no state. We have no government. They describe lawlessness, rebels walking around with Kalashnikov rifles, taxing the people. They don't provide security. And all the time, planes from Saudi Arabia and the UAE are flying over and dropping bombs, some of which killed civilians that they knew. It's a disastrous situation.
GREENE: Well, it sounds like it. And can you explain to us why the United States is involved? I mean, this is the U.S. backing Saudi Arabia, right?
INSKEEP: Yeah. This is the U.S. backing one of its long-standing allies. The Saudis say they want to end chaos on the border. They're battling a rebel group called the Houthis, which have fired into Saudi Arabia. The Saudis also allege the Houthis are backed by Iran. That's a big rivalry, you know, Saudi Arabia and Iran. It becomes a complicated war. It's even more complicated because al-Qaida has had bases in Yemen. The United States has an interest there. And the United States has been supportive largely of the Saudi efforts despite the international criticism of the human cost.
GREENE: I mean, it sounds so much like Syria. I'm sure there are a lot of differences, but with a lot of different countries with different interests, is there an end in sight?
INSKEEP: That's a great analogy, and that's the problem. There are reports of peace talks that have been very quietly underway, but there are multiple nations like Syria that are involved with multiple interests. Iran is in there, Saudi Arabia is in there, the United States, the UAE - we could go on for some time. And it is hard to pay attention to the Yemenis themselves because so many outside powers are involved, and their interests would have to be dealt with in any peace settlement.
GREENE: It sounds like such an important story. I'm so happy you're there, and we're going to be hearing about it.
INSKEEP: Thanks, David.
GREENE: That is Steve Inskeep, reporting from Djibouti. They have been in Yemen looking at a war that is beneath many of the headlines. The U.N. calls it the worst humanitarian crisis in the world right now.
(SOUNDBITE OF STAN FOREBEE'S "DO WE CARE")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Bucs players: Comebacks are 'Caravel Way.' Now, Caravel has found a way back to the state title game. William Bretzger, The News Journal
© AP Photo/ Steve Wood
In a recent interview, Los Angeles Police Lieutenant John Corina told 48 Hours that deceased actor Natalie Wood's then-husband, Robert Wagner, is again "a person of interest" in their mysterious death almost 40 years ago."As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think he's more of a person of interest now," Corina suggested. "I mean, we now know that they were the last person to be with Natalie before they disappeared."Wood was found dead off the coast of California near Santa Catalina Island in 1981. The actor, who starred in "West Side Story" and "Rebel Without a Cause" disappeared after a weekend yachting trip with Wagner. Actor Christopher Walken and the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, were also aboard the night they died.Although Wood's death was originally judged to be accidental, the case was reopened in 2011. A year later, an LAPD coroner ruled that their death was caused by "drowning and other undetermined factors."According to detectives, who also spoke to 48 Hours, an autopsy report revealed that there were bruises on Wood's body at the time of their death."She looked like a victim of an assault," Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Detective Ralph Hernandez said, adding that "it is suspicious enough to make us think that something happened."Investigators explained that Wagner, who was married to Wood from 1957 to 1962, and then again from 1972 until their 1981 death, has not been cooperating with the revived investigation."I haven't seen them [Wagner] tell the details that match all the other witnesses in this case," Corina said. "I think he's constantly changed their story a little bit. And their version of events just don't add up."Walken, on the other hand, has spoken to authorities since the case has been reopened, CBS news reported.In Wagner's 2008 memoir, "Pieces of My Heart," they wrote that "nobody knows" how Wood - who was born Natalia Zakharenko in 1938 in San Francisco, California, to Russian immigrant parents - died.He did admit that there was a lot of drinking the night of Wood's death. Wagner and Walken also got into an argument regarding Wood's career trajectory."I picked up a wine bottle, slammed it on the table and broke it into pieces," Wagner wrote in theirs memoir."There are only two possibilities: either they were trying to get away from the argument, or they were trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened," they claimed.
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers, a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends.
The report, Cannabis Legalization and Regulation, also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services, and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old.
“The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians,” Camille Quenneville, CEO of CMHA Ontario, said in a statement Monday. “When taken together, our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue.”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018, CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward.
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens.
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot, especially for youth and heavy consumers “ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions,” as well as extensive public education campaigns.
The “most concerning” issue is driving high, with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana, the report says.
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment, it says.
“Because the technology to detect an individual's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time, CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition,” the report says. “A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use.”
While the Canadian Medical Association, which represents the nation's doctors, called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21, CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19.
“Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people,” the report says. “However, there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources. Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market, and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it.”
aartuso@postmedia.com
Why Killer Viruses Are On The Rise
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Ryan
Pygmy elephants. Monkeys with noses the size of beer cans. And a deer so small you could cradle it like a baby.
And right there, sitting on a leaf, is the strangest bug we've ever seen.
"Check out the size of it," says virus hunter Kevin Olival as they pick up a ginormous roly-poly. "It's the size of a ping-pong ball!"
We're in the middle of Malaysia's Borneo rain forest. Olival has brought us here because this is the type of place where pandemics are born. HIV came from a rain forest. So did Ebola. Yellow fever. And Zika.
What Causes Pandemics? We Do In this series, NPR explores the causes behind our new hyperinfectious era. Join the conversation with the hashtag #KillerViruses or tweet us @NPRGoatsAndSoda
The next troubling outbreak could come from a rain forest like this. And a big reason why: all the crazy animals that live here.
Rain forests are the world's secret laboratory — where evolution experiments with body shapes, sizes and colors. Maybe if a monkey gets a giant schnoz, he'll have a better time finding love?
toggle caption Charles Ryan
The result is a biological bonanza. "It's a biodiversity hot spot," says Olival, an ecologist and evolutionary biologist with the U.S.-based nonprofit EcoHealth Alliance.
This rich diversity in the rain forest doesn't apply to just creatures we can see. It also applies to creatures we can't see. Microcreatures. Nanocreatures. You guessed it: viruses.
New world order
The world is now in uncharted territory when it comes to infectious diseases. We're facing a whole new era. Over the past century, the number of new infectious diseases cropping up each year has nearly quadrupled. The number of outbreaks per year has more than tripled.
In the U.S., we have seen more than a dozen new human diseases appear over the past 25 years. For instance, a killer tick-borne virus showed up in Kansas in 2014. A new type of leprosy dismembered a man in Arizona in 2002. And a new hemorrhagic fever jumped from rodents into people, killing three women in California in 1999 — to name just a few.
But it's the tropical rain forest that is the most worrisome to many scientists like Olival.
toggle caption Sanjit Das/Panos Pictures for NPR
Wearing a headlamp and a khaki shirt with the words "Virus Hunter" embroidered on the back, Olival looks like Indiana Jones' nerdy brother.  They are constantly talking about how much they love bats and admits they picked up their future wife by wowing them with their bat knowledge. But at the end of day, they are a global treasure hunter. They fly around the world collecting undiscovered viruses — and they focus their hunt on viruses with the potential to kill.
It's part of a $200 million project called PREDICT, sponsored by the U.S. government and led by University of California, Davis, School of Veterinary Medicine. The goal is to figure out the viruses that are lurking inside animals around the world. So we are ready when a new and potentially harmful virus jumps from animals into people and causes an outbreak. In other words, Olival wants to find the next pandemic virus before it finds us.
Little puppy face
Olival and their team are out here in Borneo setting up traps to catch animals. On the ground, they set up little metal boxes, each about the size of a Coke bottle, to catch rodents, shrews and those tiny rabbit-size deer. And they have strung thin nylon nets high in the trees, like giant spiderwebs.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ch'ien Lee/Minden Pictures/Getty Images Ch'ien Lee/Minden Pictures/Getty Images
"We've got one," yells Olival's colleague Jimmy Lee, a virologist with EcoHealth Alliance. We rush over to one of the nets. Dangling in the middle is one of the most beautiful sights to a virus hunter: a bat.
Lee puts on thick gloves and starts to untangle the bat from the net. "They can bite," they say, as they hold the little creature gently in their hands. It's not much bigger than a grapefruit.
One glimpse at the bat's face, and my heart melted. "He has a little puppy face, doesn't he?" Olival asks.
And it's true. The bat — a short-nose fruit bat — looks uncannily like a brown puppy. It is incredibly cute, especially as it wraps its wings around its body like a little blanket. But you wouldn't want to snuggle with this little guy.
Bats are arguably one of the most dangerous animals in the world. They carry a daunting list of killer viruses. They triggered the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. They very likely launched a pandemic of killer pneumonia back in 2003, called SARS. And they're behind one of the viruses scientists think could cause a nasty pandemic: Nipah.
Bats carry viruses all over their bodies. In their spit. Their blood. And their poop. Because they fly, bats can spread these viruses across huge distances. So when there are bats in the sky, there could be Ebola in the poop that lands on your shoulder.
So if bats are such a problem, why not kill the bats? "Not a good idea," Olival says bluntly. "Bats do a lot of good for the environment. A lot."
toggle caption Kevin Olival/EcoHealth Alliance
Without bats, the world wouldn't have rain forests. Bats are key pollinators for more than 500 species of flowers and trees. They disperse seeds for many other plants, and they keep insect populations in check with their arthropod-rich diets.
As we learn a bit later, bats really aren't the ones to blame when it comes to creating outbreaks. It's the intruders into their homes that are the problem.
Olival and Lee lay the bat on small table, gently spread its wings open and then prick it to get a few drops of blood. They also take a smidge of saliva and then do a quick rectal swab.
"That's the worse part," Olival chuckles. Then they let the bat go.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kevin Schafer/Getty Images Kevin Schafer/Getty Images
Lee puts the samples in test tubes and drops them into liquid nitrogen. He'll take them back to the lab, extract genetic material to see if any of it looks like something they haven't seen before.
So far, Olival and Lee's team have trapped and sampled more than 1,300 animals in Malaysia. Globally, the PREDICT team has sampled more than 74,000 animals.
Not everyone is a fan of the project. Some infectious disease scientists think creating a long list of viruses isn't very helpful. They say money could be better spent on diseases we actually have now instead of trying to guess which ones might become a problem someday.
And even if scientists could predict when an outbreak is likely to happen, it might not, says Michael Osterholm, who directs the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy in Minneapolis.
"I don't think the actual premise for the PREDICT project — that it will make us better prepared for a pandemic — holds water," Osterholm says.
For example, in 2012 scientists predicted that the deadly H5N1 flu was about to jump from birds into people. "Did we do anything to prepare, like make a new or better flu vaccine?" Osterholm asks. "No."
We're not even making vaccines for viruses that we know are threats, that are regularly killing people, they say. "How are we going to convince people to invest money into a virus from the remote jungle for which we have no evidence that it has caused any human illness?"
1,000 viruses found
The next morning, we meet up with Olival at a quiet spot on the edge of the rain forest.  They are going to show us what their team has found in all these bats and other animals in Borneo. They open up their laptop and pulls up data from Malaysia.
toggle caption robas/Getty Images
It's a bit eye-opening. "We've found 48 new viruses. And 16 that were already known," Olival says as they scroll down a large spreadsheet. There's a new polio-like virus in orangutans. A bunch of new herpes viruses in monkeys, rodents and bats.
And that's just in Malaysia.
Teams with PREDICT have been sampling in rain forests around the world for seven years and found nearly 1,000 new viruses in more than 20 countries, such as a new rabies-like virus in shrews. And many, many SARS-like viruses in bats across three continents.
toggle caption Caroline Pang/Getty Images
And then Olival drops a bombshell.
"These viruses aren't 'new,' " they say. "They're just new to science. But not to the animals in the forest," they add.
All these viruses have been circulating in bats, monkeys and rodents for tens of thousands of years, maybe longer, they say, and no one has cared. No one has noticed. They're just a natural part of the ecosystem of the rain forest, coexisting with the animals, who are generally not harmed by the viruses.
toggle caption Jason Isley — Scubazoo/Getty Images/Science Faction
How do they become problems then?
"Well, they don't magically jump out of the forest," Olival says. "It's because we are getting in there. Getting into the forest."
To see what they mean, we take a short walk from where we're sitting. There's a break in the forest and an overlook of the land below. And the view is incredible.
toggle caption Paul Kennedy/Lonely Planet Images/Getty Images
As far as the eye can see are palm trees, row after row of oil palm trees. Nothing else. The rain forest has been eaten away by plantations for palm oil — you know, that inexpensive vegetable oil that is used in crackers, pizza dough, ice cream, even lipstick.
Before the palm oil boom in the 1980s, this was all pristine forest. Filled with all these crazy animals and their viruses, Olival explains. But then people came along and started cutting down the forest. Destroying their homes.
It's like puncturing a balloon filled with viruses, says Barbara Han, a disease ecologist at the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies in New York. "Whatever survives, spills out. Deforestation is closely tied to disease emergence."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Frans Lanting/Mint Images/Getty Images Frans Lanting/Mint Images/Getty Images
In the past 40 years, more than a third of the Borneo rain forest has been destroyed. About half of that land has turned into palm oil plantations.
A similar pattern is happening all over the world.
By 2050, more than half of the world's population is projected to live in the tropics and subtropics, Han says.
Right now, only 15 percent of the world's rain forests is still intact. The rest has been burned flat. Broken into pieces. Or converted into farms, ranges for cattle, metal mines — even shopping malls.
"It's soybeans in the Amazon. It's suburban development in the U.S. Every part of this planet has been modified by people in some way," Olival says. "We're changing the environment in ways that are really unprecedented in human history."
Wild animals are now refugees. They have no home. So they come live in our backyards. They pee on our crops. Share our parks and playgrounds. Giving their viruses a chance to jump into us and make us sick.
"So it's really the human impact on the environment that's causing these viruses to jump into people," Olival says.
And cause an outbreak? I ask. Or a pandemic, says Olival.
What do you want to know about pandemics? Share your questions by submitting them in our special tool here. Our global health team will answer some of them in an upcoming story.
As for playing as a single? Woods smiled.
"I didn't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing," they said.
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke, listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard. McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007, their seventh tournament as a pro.
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him, "Aside from your 85, you have won here five times."
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition. The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills, and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major.
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing: Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka.
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial, their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world. Justin Thomas is making their debut at No. 1 in the world, an achievement that doesn't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top. They took a screen shot.
"Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing," Thomas said.
Dustin Johnson, who doesn't appear to be concerned with much in life, conceded they were eager to get back the No. 1 ranking they held for 15 months. This is their first tournament since they lost the No. 1 spot to Thomas.
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all, a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery, including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March, and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole.
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory.
McIlroy understood what they meant, having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational. McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and then they broke through at Bay Hill.
"As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door, sooner or later you're going to step through," McIlroy said. "And then with that, experience will do great things for you going forward."
Woods hasn't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill. They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow, and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship, they still are 11 shots out of the lead. The idea this week is to get in range.
"The last few times that I've had a chance, I've felt very comfortable," they said. "Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it."
By Doug Ferguson, The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The nine-time Tony Award-winning musical "The Book of Mormon" returns to the Fabulous Fox Theatre this week. This musical comedy follows the misadventures of a mismatched pair of missionaries, sent halfway across the world to spread the good word.
For tickets go to www.metrotix.com or call Metrotix at 314.534.1111.
Taking Back Our Sovereignty And Hacking At the Root of TriEvil by Rory – The Daily Coin
This “open letter” needs to be shared with as many people as possible. We are hoping to get publication on some of the largest websites around the world. In order for us to come together we must come together. Please share far and wide. Please send to the appropriate people that you feel would be accepting of this idea and help spread this information and published to a variety of websites. Contact for this project – [email protected]
We launch today. The idea is to have each person acquire a minimum of $50/US or equivalent of gold, silver or any cryptocurrency or any combination you prefer. (details below)
Over the past several years I have tossing around an idea and it seems I was waiting for new technologies to begin blooming that can actually support my thoughts. I am now presenting this idea to the world and will be sending it to a long list of website owners to see if we can't get some cohesion and create an actual community.
Our enemies, the banksters, that commit crimes against humanity everyday they are in operation, the corporations that own all the important businesses and land and their government enablers (TriEvil) have enjoyed a great run. The past 200+ years these three very small groups of people have amassed unfathomable wealth – generational wealth they will never, ever be able to be rid of; unless the rules change. If the rules change then the wealth these criminals have stolen could potentially go to zero. Unless these small gangs have placed a majority of their wealth in physical gold, physical silver or cryptocurrencies, it is a distinct possibility their current generational wealth could become a weeks worth of cash in their wallet.
I hope you are intrigued at this point as we have a lot of work to do. Well, not that much work, but there is some coordination and getting the word out. We need to move together, as a Team, just like our enemies move as a Team. They use TV and radio as their calling card but we have the internet running on computers and phones across the globe. We have connections around the world that can spread the message from wherever they stand and reach hundreds or thousands or tens of thousands in seconds. We can move like a cat and change our direction like a flock of birds – if we work together.
Does the banking system have your best interest at heart? Does the banking system, seemingly, have a plan to steal your wealth? Do the criminally corrupt politicians work for you and your family or do they serve the banking system and special interest? Do corporations have a plan to steal your wealth, keep you just healthy enough to produce another paycheck and pay them off? Do you have a plan to combat these forces? Can we, the collective of some of the largest websites in the world, have the guts to stand up to these criminals, plan an attack – without the use of violence – and remove from our lives the banksters, governments and corporations -TriEvil? The answer to these questions is yes. The only possible answer we could ever arrive at is we can do it.
Some of the greatest Leaders in history have won great battles without the use of violence. Some of the greatest leaders in history have beat back their opposers without a show of force. Their opposers used force in the face of unarmed citizens – the opposed moved forward in spite of this imbalance. We can do the same. We have the tools, we have the people and, equally important, we have the technology.
If you remember John Lennon, Ghandi, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Bob Marley and so many others called together hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people, not through violence but through anti-violence, love and Light. As John Lennon said, if you become violent they know exactly how to handle you, but if you remain non-violent they don't know what to do. These magnificent leaders were able to rally masses of people without the internet. How many more can we reach with the internet? How many more people can we unite through the internet?
It is no longer necessary to “attack at dawn”, we simply attack from where we currently stand. We already have them surrounded we just need to coordinate our efforts and begin hacking at the root.
The current set of tools – literally, at our fingertips and this is by no means even scratches the surface – are as follows:
GoldMoney is a monetary system that uses gold and silver to conduct commerce, but Goldmoney also makes it convenient to interact with the central bank controlled fiat currency system. A person can use their Goldmoney prepaid card anywhere Matercard is accepted. Sidestepping the fiat currency system is the single biggest threat to the banksters, corporations and government enablers (Tri-Evil) on the planet. We MUST begin using gold and silver currency that is independent from fiat currency.
begin using gold and silver currency that is independent from fiat currency. Physical gold and physical silver – by replacing our fiat currency with physical money, gold and silver, we begin hitting Tri-Evil right in the gut over and over and over. For those that know anything about boxing you know it is much more difficult, and requires more effort, to take out an opponent with “body blows” than a “headshot”. What body blows offer is a wearing down of your opponent. Their entire system becomes frazzled and that allows for the aggressor – that's us – to take them down with good blow to the head.
We use the physical gold and physical silver for the purpose that it is intended – money and currency. We MUST begin circulating these forms of currency and money in order to move away from the criminally corrupt system. If we don't do this the banksters, corporations and government enablers will never be pushed off their thrown. These criminals could care less about how many ounces of gold and silver we have stored in our vaults or tokens stored in our digital wallet. When we begin circulating gold, silver and cryptocurrencies, that's what will get their full undivided attention.
begin circulating these forms of currency and money in order to move away from the criminally corrupt system. If we don't do this the banksters, corporations and government enablers will never be pushed off their thrown. These criminals could care less about how many ounces of gold and silver we have stored in our vaults or tokens stored in our digital wallet. When we begin circulating gold, silver and cryptocurrencies, that's what will get their full undivided attention. We already have bullion companies that utilize business models that other small businesses can adapt to fit their needs, SDBullion, JM Bullion and a great many others already have programs designed to “buy back” physical gold and physical silver. The platforms already exist to convert your small business that offers the option for people to pay with gold, silver or cryptocurrencies. By redesigning any one of the current platforms used by the bullion companies to “buy back” physical gold and physical silver small companies around the world can begin accepting payments, in physical gold and silver or digital cryptocurrencies, for their goods and services. This is when we begin making headway into the belly of the beast.
We MUST begin moving our retirement savings out of these banking institutions with their ability to separate us from our wealth or convert our wealth into an investment instrument that may not suit our needs. This would truly begin taking real shots at the people that wish us harm. The bankers do not care about us, the corporations do not care about us and the government enablers most certainly do not care about us as they have proven time and again with their actions. Why should we care about them? Why should we continue to allow them to dictate our lives? Why should we allow them to hold the single largest source of our personal wealth – our retirement savings – when we already know they do not have our best interest at heart? We will provide you with a list of companies that can help you move your retirement savings into safe hands, primarily your own hands, but there will be other offerings that will help you oversee your wealth with far less risk than the “too big to jail” banking institutions that have their hands all over your wealth.
We need a starting point. We need to come together, globally, and take our first step together. We can then reconvene on a variety of dates throughout the year, take another step together and, with any luck, gather some momentum and truly begin our quest of taking back our sovereignty. This will not happen over night, but once it is in place our ecosystem will be self perpetuating outside of the current system and we will have removed ourselves from the slave system built by TriEvil. The system we build, utilizing new technologies like GoldMoney, blockchain and others that not have been built yet, have the potential to open the door to freedom.
The idea is to have each person acquire a minimum of $50/US or equivalent of gold, silver or any cryptocurrency or any combination you prefer. You are welcome to acquire as much as you would like, we just ask that a minimum of $50 per person. If you use a service like GoldMoney or Perpetual Assets this will remove 100% those fiat notes from the system. If there are between 3-5+ million people, globally, doing this on specific dates – the dates would only be announced a few days before to create a sense of anticipation and excitement. After just a few months we should have a massive amount of funds that could then be redirected into Phase II.
Once we know that we have made an impact, the goal is less than a year, we will know we have made a difference when the mainstream media is discussing our efforts on a large scale – we can then move into Phase II and begin discussing how our “ecosystem” becomes self sustaining.
The dates below are some of the dates that could be used, globally, to encourage people to rise up around the world. If we use a monthly “holiday” or other very important date from a nation around the world we can focus our efforts and bring more voices to the table. We can attack the Federal Reserve Note one month, the British Pound Sterling another month and Japanese Yen another month. By focusing the attention on one particular nation state we can focus our message in that nation state for an entire month. If we move around the world people will begin to see, and experience, their individual efforts impact on a nation state in South America from their home somewhere in Europe or Asia or other region around the world.
Below is the beginning of what will become a long list of companies that will be part of this growing network. We need to hear from you – yes, you the person reading this if you are interested in having your company listed as one one of the companies willing to accept gold, silver, cryptocurrencies – your choice so long as it is one or more these three – for your goods and services. We need to hear from people in all 50 states in the U.S. and we need to hear from people in all the nations around the world. We can develop local contacts throughout Europe, South America, Australia, Asia, Africa and the rest of the world in order for people to develop localized communities that support themselves and move away from the enslavement of fractional reserve banking and fiat currency.
Commerce is the foundation of any community. If we are going to rise up we need to grow a strong economy using the currencies we know and that means you and your company must get on board.
The companies below have NOT endorsed this idea nor do they even realize they are on this list – these are companies that I and I alone have chosen to share with you as these companies offer the services we need to get started.
GoldMoney – gold debt card for everyday transactions, gold storage
Perpetual Assets – LLC for retirement, investment services – gold and silver debt card for everyday transactions
LendBorrowTrust – lending and borrowing utilizing gold and silver bullion
Kraken – cryptocurrency exchange and wallet service [if you have one you like better, please use whatever works best for your situation]
The Crypto School – learn how to purchase, store and trade cryptocurrencies
SDBullion – precious metals and preparedness food
Silver Shield Xchange – precious metals auction house similar to eBay with fewer and smaller fees
The main tool used against We the People, is the fiat currency in nations around the world. These instruments of debt are the main source of power and control by TriEvil. If we move with one unified message – Hacking at the Root – we can take back our sovereignty and regain our freedom.
As you can see we have a lot to do and we need people to do it. We need you to make this happen. We need plumbers, architects, doctors, attorneys, construction workers, electricians – blue collar, white collar, no collar workers and company owners that are willing to stand together and create something equitable. We are not looking for perfection, we are looking for something better than what we are being served today.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Ready Player One
Sci-fi stories that are set in “the not too distant future” tend to have a half-baked vision of Tomorrowland, in that they emphasize enough identifiable familiarity to relate to current audiences, and then dowse it with any number of flashy, miraculous tech advances to conveniently shazam the characters out of otherwise dire situations when need be, rarely making any logical sense. Spielberg's film, based on Ernest Cline's 2011 book, is set in 2045, where we're supposed to accept that massive trailer parks in Columbus, Ohio are stacked a dozen or more high, yet virtual reality technology has advanced to the point that everybody from lowlife ragamuffins to conglomerate CEOs is compelled to stop existing in order to indulge in a dazzlingly spastic upchuck of useless (mostly '80s) pop culture junk? Oh yeah – Rush's 2112 is apparently the biggest album ever among geeky, cassette-collecting gamer fanboys; Doritos hasn't changed its package design; print's not dead (magazine and newspaper clippings about OASIS creator James Halliday are tacked all over a wall); and self-driving cars – becoming a reality before our eyes – appear to have never caught on?? I've never cared about “gaming” or “role playing” anyway, be it Ms. Pac-Man, Xbox or Warcraft, so the whole premise was silly to me, but what's worse is the endless “product placement” of random, recognizable TV/movie characters, logos and whatever else they had the rights to use, hurled at us nonstop as if it's supposed to set our nostalgic hearts aglow that Dorky McDoofus is driving the DeLorean from Back to the Future or Birthmark Betty wears a Joy Division tank top but couldn't name a song off Unknown Pleasures if it meant obtaining Halliday's three magical keys on a silver platter. Naturally, corporate assholes are the villains, but at least they have jobs! A mind-numbing, soul-sucking clusterfuck and one of the most retarded, uninspiring movies I've ever suffered through.
[PG-13]
Jens von Bergmann of Vancouver said the province bungled the rollout
Protestors – and interlopers – at a school tax rally in Vancouver in May. (KyleBryan/Twitter)
A Vancouver mathematician is feeling a little confused, and a lot snarky, about why British Columbians can't seem to understand how the increased school tax works.
“I kept reading these stories about the people affected… and I thought maybe this [calculator] was needed,” Jens von Bergmann told Black Press Media.
“I think the fact that it is a wealth based tax means it's new and it's different.”
The school tax, announced by Finance Minister Carol James in February, would apply a tax rate of 0.2 per cent to the portion of a home's assessed residential value that is between $3 million and $4 million, excluding stratified rentals. A tax rate of 0.4 per cent would apply to all home value over $4 million.
“It just really drives home this divide we're facing in Vancouver,” said Von Bergmann.
“People that have bought quite a while ago and have seen their house value go up but don't perceive that necessarily as liquid wealth and other people that are really struggling to pay rent in the city. I think the tax is trying to strike some sort of balance between the two.”
READ MORE: David Eby cancels town hall due to ‘safety concerns' after school tax protest planned
The tax is due to start in 2019 but has already raised outrage, especially in Attorney General David Eby's Point Grey riding.
Eby cancelled a town hall on the tax in early May, claiming that the opposition was encouraging non-registered attendees to crash the ticket-only event and making it unsafe.
MaryAnn Cummings, a Point Grey senior who's against the tax, called it “predatory” and said that the tax “ignores an owners ability to pay it.”
But Von Bergmann says they don't have much sympathy.
“I find it hard to relate to how this could constitute any form of cruel hardship,” they wrote in a blog post.
“And I am comfortably housed, I don't want to imagine how someone struggling to pay rent in this city is supposed to by sympathetic to this.”
An owner of a $4 million house would pay $2,000 in school tax, according to the province. While Von Bergmann blames people's poor math skills for not being able to grasp how little they'll really pay in extra taxes, they also think the province bungled the rollout.
They brought up the example of David Tha, 72, who told the Vancouver Courier that they were cutting cable and eating less meat to afford the tax.
But although Von Bergmann called Tha “principled,” they noted that they could either sell, or just defer the taxes on their $6.75-million home, which had gone up from the $370,000 Tha bought it for in 1987.
“We have to conclude that they are very principled, but I am still not convinced that the single mom trying to make ends meet renting an East Van basement suite will be terribly sympathetic to Tha's self-imposed budget constraints,” Von Bergmann wrote.
“Vancouver is indeed expensive, but with $6.7M in equity, almost all of which is untaxed capital gains, it is very hard to see how they could find a reasonable place to live to fit their middle class lifestyle.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
“Seriously, Republican congress members: you do not want to be covering for accusations of Russian penetration of U.S. government.”
— Former Bush speechwriter David Frum, on Twitter.
Kids have not long been broken up from school for the summer holidays, and Halloween is still months off.
But, unbelievably, Easter eggs have started to go on sale.
Yes that's right – the chocolate eggs have appeared on shelves EIGHT MONTHS early ahead of Easter day on April 1.
Cadbury Mini Eggs first appeared in 1967 and are usually on sale between Christmas and Easter.
But this time, they're already out.
The chocolate manufacturer has been accused of greed over its decision to sell Cadbury Mini Eggs at this time of year, in special summer holiday packaging.
The 'Mini Eggs on holiday' packets - with the eggs wearing shades and a sunhat and sat on a hammock between two palm trees - are in shops as part of a promotion giving customers chance to win a luxury holiday and 5,000 instant win prizes.
However, Cadbury said it had seen "really positive responses" to its special edition.
And some customers seemed more than happy to be able to buy them in August.
One said: "Seriously, what are people's problems? Mini eggs were around long before they decided to make them an Easter thing. Get a life and accept these are just sweets that people enjoy."
BOSTON — The Boston Celtics say forward Gordon Hayward had surgery to remove a plate and screws in their broken left leg and will be ready to start next season.
Hayward missed almost the entire season after breaking their leg in the first quarter of the season opener. The Celtics went on to reach Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals before losing to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The team says their leg and ankle are sound, but the plate and screws that were implanted to help the injury heal were irritating their tendons.  They are scheduled to resume basketball activities in six to eight weeks and be ready for training camp.
Also Wednesday: the Celtics said centre Aron Baynes had successful surgery to repair a nasal fracture they sustained during Game 6 of the Cleveland series.  They are expected to be back on the court in two to four weeks.
YOKOHAMA, Japan — Akira Nishino made their debut as Japan coach on Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to Ghana.
In steady rain at Nissan Stadium, Thomas Partey gave Ghana a 1-0 lead in the ninth minute with free kick from the top of the area. Emmanuel Boateng doubled the advantage from the penalty spot in the 51st.
Nishino, who will name their World Cup squad on Thursday, brought in substitutes Shinji Kagawa and Shinji Ozaki in the second half when Japan created more chances but was unable to beat Ghana goalkeeper Richard Ofori.
"We had chances but couldn't capitalize so it's a disappointing result," Nishino said. "I'm still considering many factors before tomorrow's announcement."
After only two weeks working with their players, Nishino opted for experience with defenders Tomoaki Makino, Makoto Hasebe and Maya Yoshida in front of goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima.
Also in the starting 11 was veteran Keisuke Honda, who played at right forward alongside Takashi Usami and Yuya Osako. Honda nearly scored midway through the first half but their angled shot from close range was denied by Ofori.
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month, only two months before the World Cup opens, and replaced them with Nishino.
In two World Cup warm-up matches, Japan will face Switzerland on June 8 in Lugano, Switzerland, and Paraguay on June 12 in Innsbruck, Austria.
Japan will play in Group H at the World Cup with Colombia, Poland and Senegal in its sixth straight World Cup. It has only twice reached the knockout round, losing both times in the last 16.
By Jim Armstrong, The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WOOD RIVER, IL (KPLR) – The Centers for Disease Control has said while mumps were no longer common in the United States, the nation did see a higher number of cases than normal in 2016.
According to the CDC, last year saw more than 5,000 cases in 48 states, including Missouri. There were more than 200 cases reported on the University of Missouri campus in Columbia last December.
Just recently, parents in Madison County were alarmed to learn a student at an elementary school in the Alton Community Unit School District #11 was recently diagnosed with mumps.
All parents in the district have been notified and the superintendent issued a statement that reads, in part, "We worked closely with the Madison County Health Department to ensure we followed the proper protocol for students, staff and volunteers."
The Madison County Health Department issued the following statement and the CDC recommend children be immunized with two doses of the MMR vaccine, which it the best protection from getting the virus.
Medical experts warn a small percentage of the population can still contract the mumps even after being vaccinated.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Sunderland striker Asamoah Gyan has breached United Arab Emirates Football Association guidelines on hairstyles.
The Ghanaian international is currently on loan at Al-Ahli, who are based in Dubai.
Gyan is one of 40 players to have been found guilty of breaching Saudi rules.
They showed off their new mohawk during the Africa Cup of Nations as Ghana lost in the semi-finals.
But Islamic teachings ban 'Qaza' hairstyles where only part of the head is shaved.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: Getty Images)
Gyan is on a season-long loan from Shangahi SIPG after a proposed move to Reading fell through.
Republic of Ireland legend Robbie Keane had been training with Al-Ahli as they weigh up their next move.
But the 36-year-old is unlikely to join the club and was simply invited to train during a family holiday.
Keane has also been linked with a return to English football and recently revealed they had rejected approaches from a number of clubs.
Market Overview:
Pentaerythritol (C5H12O4) is a white, crystalline powder, which contains four hydroxyl groups and is derived from aldol condensation process of acetaldehyde and formaldehyde. Derivatives of pentaerythritol such as pentaerythritol tetranitrate, pentaerythritol tri-acrylate, pentaerythritol esters, and dipentaerythritol are used in the production of explosives, paints, inks, and others. Pentaerythritol finds wide usage in various ends use applications such as lubricants, inks, adhesive & sealant, paints & coatings, plasticizers, varnishes, and others on account of their superior adhesion, weather & chemical resistance, high melting point, and high flash point.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players operating in the global pentaerythritol market are Celanese Corporation (U.S.), Perstorp Holding AB (Sweden), Ercros S.A (Spain), Merck KGaA (Germany), Hubei Yihua Group Co.,Ltd (China), Mitsui Chemicals, Inc (Japan), Samyang Chemical Corporation (South Korea), Methanol Chemicals Company (Saudi Arabia), Kanoria Chemicals & Industries Limited (India), Jiangsu Ruiyang Chemical Co., Ltd. (China), U-JIN Chemical Co.,Ltd (South Korea) among others.
Get Sample Copy of this Report here: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5599
Intended Audience
Pentaerythritol manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of pentaerythritol
Production Process Industries
Potential Investors
Raw Material Suppliers
Nationalized Laboratory
Segmentation
The global pentaerythritol market is categorized on the basis of application, and region. On the basis of the application, the market is categorized into paints & coatings, plasticizers, lubricants, adhesive & sealant, inks, varnishes, and others. Others application comprises of medicine, flame retardants, pesticide, and explosives. On the basis of the regions, pentaerythritol market is segmented into Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East & Africa.
Regional Analysis
The global pentaerythritol market spanned over five regions: Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East & Africa. The Asia Pacific region is estimated to grow at the highest CAGR over the forecast period on account of the continuous expansion of various end-use industries such as transportation & automotive, agriculture, building & construction, and plastic industry among others. The demand for pentaerythritol is estimated to surge in several countries of the Asia Pacific such as South Korea, China, India, the Philippines, Australia, Taiwan, Japan, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Bangladesh, and Vietnam due to increasing population along with rising consumption of pesticide to produce high-quality crops. Moreover increasing disposable income along with growing production and sales of an automotive vehicle is estimated to propel the market growth in this region. Additionally, rising purchasing power, inexpensive labor and land cost, low production set up cost, and moderately stringent regulatory framework are some of the important factors in the regional market growth.
Full report on Pentaerythritol Market report spread across 142 pages, profiling 15 companies and supported with tables and figures available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/pentaerythritol-market-5599
LIST OF FIGURES:
FIGURE 1 Global Pentaerythritol Market Segmentation
FIGURE 2 Forecast Methodology
FIGURE 3 Five Forces Analysis Of Global Pentaerythritol Market
FIGURE 4 Value Chain Of Global Pentaerythritol Market
FIGURE 5 Share Of Global Pentaerythritol Market In 2016, By Country (In %)
FIGURE 6 Global Pentaerythritol Market, 2016-2023,
FIGURE 7 Sub Segments Of Application
FIGURE 8 Global Pentaerythritol Market Size By Application, 2016
FIGURE 9 Share Of Global Pentaerythritol Market By Application, 2016 To 2023
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
ST. ALBERT, Alta. — Memorial scholarships are being set up to honour four Alberta hockey players who died in the Humboldt Broncos bus crash.
Logan Hunter, Jaxon Joseph, Conner Lukan and Stephen Wack were among the 16 people killed April 6 when the Saskatchewan junior hockey team's bus and a semi-trailer collided at a rural intersection.
Each of the four had played minor hockey in St. Albert, Alberta, a bedroom community northwest of Edmonton.
The players' deaths led to the establishment of the St. Albert Humboldt Remembrance Committee in mid May.
"The tragedy of the Humboldt Broncos has been felt very deeply here in St. Albert and across Canada," said committee chair Nolan Crouse. "We have supported one another as we collectively mourned, and now we plan to do something positive to honour the memories of these young men."
The committee said it will honour the legacy of each player by installing memory plaques on four benches in St. Albert.
It is also raising money for memorial scholarships named for Hunter, Joseph, Lukan and Wack.
The committee is working with the Edmonton Oilers Alumni, the City of St. Albert and others in the community.
One event being planned is a four-team hockey tournament July 6-8 in St. Albert. Another fundraiser called the Jersey Gala is likely to be held in October or November.
Two other players who died in the crash were from Alberta communities.
Two-time defending champion Oracle Team USA has unveiled the 50-foot catamaran it will sail in the 35th America's Cup in Bermuda this year.
Skipper Jimmy Spithill says the boat, which is just longer than 49 feet, is more refined than the 45-foot cat the syndicate has been training in.
Says Spithill: “Now it really starts for this boat. There are 100 days to go and the clock's ticking. We really need to put some hours on it.”
Qualifying races begin May 26. The America's Cup match, between Oracle and the winner of the challenger series, will begin June 17.
Advertisement
Oracle unveiled its new catamaran on Tuesday night. It will launch and christen it with champagne on Wednesday, and begin dockside testing. It will go for its first sail as soon as the weather permits.
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
Tess Thompson Talley is grinning, hunting rifle in hand, in front of the dead giraffe, as they point to the sky in the way quarterbacks do after throwing touchdown passes.
The photos were taken in South Africa in June 2017, NBC's "Today" show and other media outlets reported, but only recently have social media and celebrity accounts been flooded with them, attached to condemnations of Talley's hunt as barbaric and cruel — an echo of 2015's killing of Cecil the lion.
Africland Post referred to Talley as a "white American savage" in a mid-June tweet. Actress Debra Messing called them a "disgusting, vile, amoral, heartless, selfish murderer" in an Instagram post last week, with comedian Ricky Gervais criticizing them through their typically unprintable words.
Messing wrote on Instagram: "Tess Thompson Talley from Nippa, Kentucky is a disgusting, vile, amoral, heartless, selfish murderer. With joy in their black heart and a beaming smile they lie next to the dead carcass of a *rare* black giraffe in South Africa. Giraffes are the epitome of gentle giants. They glide across the plains, like liquid; awe inspiring creatures who spend their days eating leaves and caring for their young. How DARE she. A rare animal that will be extinct by the time their grandchildren can go and gutlessly sit in the brush with a scope and pull a trigger. It does not take skill to have a ranger track a giraffe for you, and with the aid of night vision glasses and a scope, pull a trigger like some Carnival game. If you need to eat a giraffe? Get a bow and arrow and make it at least a fair fight. I am disgusted by people like you Tess. You reek of privilege and ignorance. Shame on you. And your husband Andrew Claude. Unconscionable. Irreparable damage. Irreplaceable beauty."
Talley, a Kentucky woman, did not respond to a request for comment from The Washington Post. But in a statement released to the media, they defended their hunt, saying that by slaying the giraffe, they helped conserve the animals through "game management," protecting the giraffe population because the animal shot was too old to breed but had killed three younger bulls.
"The giraffe I hunted was the South African subspecies of giraffe. The numbers of this subspecies is actually increasing due, in part, to hunters and conservation efforts paid for in large part by big-game hunting. The breed is not rare in any way other than it was very old. Giraffes get darker with age," they told the Today show in a statement.
Talley is correct. It does appear the black coat is a byproduct of age and not indicative of a rare species, Giraffe Conservation Foundation co-founder Julian Fennessy told Yahoo Lifestyle.
Fennessy identified the animal as the Southern giraffe, which is not only not rare but increasing in the wild, they said.
"Legal hunting of giraffe is not a reason for their decline, despite the moral and ethical side of it, which is a different story," they said.
It's unclear if Talley is correct in asserting big-game hunting and the revenue generated by it contributed to growth in the giraffe population.
AFC nations in the World Cup 2018 and their performances
Debjoy Biswas FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 37 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:13 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Asian nations started their journey in FIFA World Cup since 1938 when Indonesia became first to participate.
South Korea reached semi-finals in 2002 which is the best performance from any AFC nation so far. They reached quarterfinals once and second round twice. North Korea also reached quarterfinals once. Japan reached the second round three times but failed to progress further but they still impress critics with their football skills. Australia and Saudi are the other two teams who managed to cross group stage one time each. Tim Cahill from Australia is the top scorer from Asia. They scored total five goals in the World Cup.
This year we have seen a record five AFC nations participation. Saudi Arabia, Iran, Australia, South Korea and Japan managed for Russia 2018.
#5 Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia vs. Egypt
Group A - Russia, Uruguay, Saudi Arabia, Egypt
Matches:
14th June, 2018: Russia 5 - 0 Saudi Arabia
20th June, 2018: Uruguay 2-1 Saudi Arabia
25th June, 2018: Saudi Arabia 2-1 Egypt
Saudi Arabia reached Russia 2018 to qualify for their fifth FIFA World Cup and first since Germany 2006. It was not an easy group and difficult for Saudi to qualify from group A for the next round but fans were expecting some good fight from the team. They played well against Germany just before the World Cup in a practice match where they lost the game by 2-1 but showed some good character on the pitch. But the Green Falcons started their campaign in the worst possible way in the World Cup 2018. They faced a humiliating defeat against the host by 5-0 in Moscow. Amidst of huge criticism, they came back stronger in the second match and narrowly lose the game against Uruguay. And in the last group match, Saudi Arabia won their first World Cup match since 1994 thanks to Salem Al-Dawsari's goal in the final minute of stoppage time against Egypt.
Overall not so bad performance by Saudi as it could have been worst after that 5-0 defeat.
Jack Preece is on the hunt for a double promotion with both Old Centralians and Coventry.
The openside-flanker has had strong starts to the season both playing with Coventry and coaching Old Cents.
The Old Centralians product wants promotion to the Championship with the midlands outfit and to see the Gloucester side step back into the national leagues.
Preece said: “It would be really nice to win promotion with both teams and just tick both of those boxes.
“With both Coventry and Cents there is still a long season ahead so we'll reassess our goals after Christmas.
“But it is all going well and to plan so far.”
Old Centralians have won three of their opening five games and sit seventh in South West One East – they are looking to jump back up to the national leagues to the South West Premier with promotion.
Coventry have 24 points from a possible 25 at the start of the National One season with five wins. They are hoping to follow Hartpury up to the Championship from National One.
Preece added: “We are hoping to make the step back up to the national leagues in the next few years.
“At the moment I don't think we are quite ready and are really pushing for promotion next year.
“But if it comes this time around, we would certainly take it and see how we went in the league above.”
Athletics: Barshim sails to dominant world high jump gold
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017, 09:10 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's high jump victory ceremony – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Mutaz Essa Barshim of Qatar (gold), neutral athlete Danil Lysenko (silver), Majd Eddin Ghazal of Syria (bronze) pose with their medals. REUTERS/Matthew Childs
By Mitch Phillips
LONDON (Reuters) - Qatar's Mutaz Essa Barshim secured the global high jump title their talent has promised for so long when they completed a faultless series in the World Championships on Sunday, culminating in a winning leap of 2.35 metres.
The Qatari, whose 2.43m best is the second-highest in history after Cuban Javier Sotomayor's 2.45 set 24 years ago, has won silver and bronze at the last two Olympics and silver in the 2013 World Championships.
But they were a class apart on Sunday, having qualified without a fail they went through the final never looking remotely close to dislodging the bar as they flexed their body into biology-defying shapes.
With the gold secured they went agonisingly close to clearing 2.40 but there was no disappointment and the 26-year-old can target a crack at the world record on home soil when Doha hosts the next World Championships in 2019.
Russian Danil Lysenko, competing as a neutral athlete, took silver with 2.32m while Majd Eddin Ghazal of Syria had the best record of three men who cleared 2.29 to take bronze - their country's first world championship medal for a man.
"My first big world championships gold and I was so determined to win it," Barshim said. "I was expecting it tonight so I am glad I managed to fulfil my target.
"Let's say, I was recovering last year. I did not want to put too much pressure on myself but now I am back in shape and feel I can go even higher. I do not want to retire one day with the feeling that there is still something left."
Lysenko revealed that they had injured nerves in their lead leg a week before the championships.
"It was very painful even in qualification but especially during my warm-up tonight," they said.
"I even wanted to refuse to continue in the final but after my first attempt at 2.20m I decided that I could do something special. I was trying not to hurt my leg, so my technique was not brilliant."
Canada's world and Olympic champion Derek Drouin was unable to defend their title in London because of an Achilles injury.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
Titan shares rose as much as 4.7% to Rs635.60 in Mumbai and traded at Rs634.3 at 10:54am on Monday. In 2017, the stock has risen every month, after declines last year and in 2015. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Mumbai: Titan Co. Ltd, India's top maker of branded jewellery by market value, expects sales from its Tanishq stores to rise 30% this fiscal year as the country's tax overhaul helps to attract more customers and the company expands its network. The shares rose to a record even as bullion prices fell.
“We are going to get more aggressive” as the new measures to boost financial transparency favour the company, Sandeep Kulhalli, senior vice president for retail and marketing at the jewellery arm of Tata Group, said in an interview. The company plans to add 25 to 30 franchisee stores a year in India, and it's also exploring setting up shops in Dubai and Singapore, they said.
Titan has become the top pick among Indian jewellers after the government implemented the uniform goods and services tax (GST) last month, as well as introducing additional measures to increase financial accountability and clamp down on so-called black money. The stock has surged 94% this year to a record, valuing the company at about Rs563 billion ($8.8 billion). Asia's third-largest economy vies with China as the world's largest gold consumer.
“Now there is a more level playing field,” said Kulhalli, speaking on the sidelines of an industry conference in Goa at the weekend. Customers who earlier shied away from Titan because of higher prices and favoured the financial flexibility offered by smaller jewellers, will now shift to branded stores because of their trustworthiness, they said.
The company—which has about 224 stores nationwide—plans to open more outlets in the north, west and east, targeting smaller towns, Kulhalli said. “India is blessed with consumers who still have a strong affinity to gold and diamonds and the social fabric is still around weddings,” they said. “As long as these factors remain, consumption in India will not be an issue.”
On Monday, Titan rose as much as 4.7% to Rs635.60 in Mumbai and traded at Rs634.3 at 10:54 am in Mumbai. In 2017, the stock has risen every month, after declines last year and in 2015. Tata Sons Ltd holds 21% of the equity, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Spot gold fell. Bloomberg
Premier League clubs mull closing transfer window early
by Reuters News 15 Aug 2017, 05:28 IST
Soccer Football - Swansea City vs Sampdoria - Pre Season Friendly - Swansea, Britain - August 5, 2017 Swansea City manager Paul Clement Action Images via Reuters/Henry Browne
LONDON (Reuters) - English Premier League clubs are set to discuss whether to shut the transfer window before the start of the 2018-19 season when they meet next month, British media have reported.
Representatives from the 20 ­top-flight clubs are due to attend ­a shareholders meeting on Sept. 7 with the majority pushing for a new, earlier, transfer deadline to be introduced.
Talks are expected to take place between all the clubs about whether to change the end of the window, which currently closes on Aug. 31 nearly three weeks after the first game.
It will be proposed that the ­transfer deadline is brought forward to the week before the start of the 2018-19 Premier League season, The Daily Telegraph reported on its website.
British media said the majority of Premier League clubs favour an earlier window closure, with the approval of at least 14 of the 20 required for a new rule to be introduced.
Clubs from other European leagues, including Spain and Italy, would be allowed to sign players from England in line with their own domestic deadlines but transfers between Premier League clubs would not be allowed once the season starts.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement, who has left Gylfi Sigurdsson out of the squad having been unsettled by repeated bids from Everton, spoke about the window after Saturday's draw at Southampton in their opening game.
"It would be a better situation if the window closed before the start of the season and then people know that they have got their group for the first game - they are available, they aren't available," Clement told a news conference.
"I know there are talks about changing that for the future and my opinion is that it should be changed. Before the first game you should know who you have got and who you haven't got.
"At our managers' meeting at the Premier League ... we spoke about it. The majority of clubs are in favour, but maybe all have to be for it to go through."
The January transfer window would be unaffected.
(Writing by Ken Ferris; editing by Greg Stutchbury)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theo Walcott seemingly aimed a dig at Everton boss Sam Allardyce after their side's win over Newcastle.
Walcott scored the only goal of the game at Goodison Park as Everton climbed to eighth in the Premier League table with a 1-0 win.
The 29-year-old was asked about the difference between former boss Arsene Wenger and Sam Allardyce after the clash.
Arsenal chief Wenger has decided to walk away at the end of the season and Walcott lavished praise on the Frenchman.
"They're on completely different levels of the way they manage. I think everyone can tell that," Walcott said on Sky Sports.
(Image: EMPICS Sport)
(Image: Getty Images)
"Arsene is a fantastic man, a fantastic manager.
"I can't thank them enough for what they did for me at such a young age to have that faith in me.
"Now I'm here with Sam and again he's shown so much faith in me. I just want to repay that to them personally and this team. I want to work hard. The team and myself worked really hard tonight."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The win did little to ease the pressure on Allardyce as Everton fans made their feelings clear.
Supporters unveiled a banner reading 'Our survey says... Get out of our club' following the controversial incident last week where they were asked to vote on Allardyce.
Most cakes, cookies, pie crusts and crackers contain shortening, which is usually made from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil. Ready-made frosting is another source of trans fat.
Snacks
Potato, corn and tortilla chips often contain trans fat. And, while popcorn can be a healthy snack, many types of packaged or microwave popcorn use trans fat to cook or flavour the popcorn.
Fried food
Foods that require deep frying — french fries, doughnuts and fried chicken — can contain trans fat from the oil used in the cooking process.
Refrigerator dough
Products such as canned biscuits and cinnamon rolls often contain trans fat, as do freeze pizza crusts.
Creamer and margarine
Nondairy coffee creamer and stick margarines also may contain partially hydrogenated vegetable oils.
•Reading food labels
When you check the food label for trans fat, also check the food's ingredient list for partially hydrogenated vegetable oil.
This indicates the food contains some trans fat. Eating several portions of foods containing some trans fat may boost your total intake of trans fat to a level high enough to affect your health.
•How low should you go?
Trans fat, particularly the manufactured variety found in partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, appears to have no known health benefit.
Experts recommend keeping your intake of trans fat as low as possible.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has determined that partially hydrogenated vegetable oil is no longer "generally recognized as safe" and should be phased out of the production of food over the next several years. However, naturally occurring trans fats still will be found in some foods.
•How trans fat harms you
Health care providers worry about trans fat because it increases the risk for heart attacks, stroke and Type 2 diabetes.
Trans fat also has an unhealthy effect on your cholesterol levels — increasing your LDL and decreasing your HDL cholesterol.
If the fatty deposits within your arteries tear or rupture, a blood clot may form and block blood flow to a part of your heart, causing a heart attack, or to a part of your brain, causing a stroke.
•What should you eat?
Foods free of trans fats aren't automatically good for you. Food manufacturers may have substituted other ingredients for trans fat that may not be healthy either.
Some of these ingredients — coconut, palm kernel and palm oils — contain a lot of saturated fat.
Saturated fat raises your total cholesterol. In a healthy diet, 20 to 35 per cent of your total daily calories can come from fat — but saturated fat should account for less than 10 per cent of your total daily calories.
Monounsaturated fat, which is found in olive, peanut and canola oils, is a healthier option than saturated fat. Nuts, fish and other foods containing unsaturated omega-3 fatty acids are other good choices of foods with healthy fats.
SAVANNAH, Ga. — Dexter McClanahan had 23 points, 10 rebounds and five assists Saturday night and Savannah State powered past South Carolina State 111-99 for the Tigers' seventh straight win.
Savannah State (11-13, 8-1 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) pushed its lead into double digits for good with a 13-4 run that made it 84-70 with 9:41 left.
The Tigers maintained a half-game lead over North Carolina A&T (7-1) in the conference standings.
The Bulldogs (8-16, 4-5) led for most of the first 10 minutes of the game, but Savannah State had a 10-0 run during the middle of the period and took the lead for good at 36-34 with 4:18 left in the half.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of chilli peppers created a stunning carpet of red as labourers worked on fields.
Chemistry graduate and photographer Abdul Momin, 25, captured the extraordinary sight in their native district of Bogra in Bangladesh .
More than 2,000 people work in almost 100 chilli farms in the area to supply local spice companies with chillies for use in their recipes.
(Photo: Solent News)
(Photo: Solent News)
Mr Momin said: "Poor men and women in these areas work in red chilli farms as day labourers.
"They dry up red chillies in sunlight and pick quality chillies among them. Later, these chillies are transported to many spice companies."
(Photo: Solent News)
(Photo: Solent News)
Chilli peppers are a major part of the Bengali cuisine popular in Bangladesh and are used as part of a combination of spices for various meat dishes, including chicken and beef.
(Photo: Solent News)
Mr Momin added: "It felt really amazing to shoot those photos because the bright red chillies are so vibrant in colour.
"I am very happy with how these photographs turned out and I want to do more work on photographing these red chilli farms."
(Photo: Solent News)
(Photo: Solent News)
Mr Momin said that the labourers can farm as many as 3,000 tonnes of red chilli peppers each year and the process has remained the same for centuries.
They said: "Some day, these farms will probably be extinct as technology is replacing every ancient process."
MOSCOW — FIFA's patience with Diego Maradona's World Cup antics finally ran out on Wednesday.
Soccer's world body said it "strongly rebukes" comments by the Argentina great criticizing American referee Mark Geiger's handling of England's win against Colombia in the World Cup round of 16.
It was yet another controversial moment involving Maradona —an official FIFA ambassador and figurehead of its "Legends" program celebrating former players — at a World Cup they have mostly attended as a VIP guest of FIFA.
FIFA hit back at Maradona for telling Venezuelan broadcaster Telesur the outcome of Tuesday's game in Moscow was a "monumental theft."
Maradona had been photographed before the game wearing a yellow Colombia jersey.
England advanced to the quarterfinals in a penalty shootout after a 1-1 draw in a feisty game slowed by stoppages and players arguing with Geiger, a former high school teacher from New Jersey.
FIFA said Maradona's "insinuations" were "entirely inappropriate and completely unfounded."
"FIFA is extremely sorry to read such declarations from a player who has written the history of our game," it said in a statement.
FIFA had tolerated previous incidents by Maradona at games in Russia, which the 1986 World Cup winning captain was left to explain on their Facebook page.
They apologized for making an offensive gesture toward a South Korean fan at Argentina's opening 1-1 draw with Iceland in Moscow. They then suggested media were trying to make headlines from an innocent incident and also broke World Cup stadium rules by smoking a cigar.
Intel said that CEO Brian Krzanich was leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, “the latest executive to distance themselves from the president following the weekend's events in Virginia,” Ina Fried reports.
Said Krzanich: “I resigned to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing. Politics and political agendas have sidelined the important mission of rebuilding America's manufacturing base.”
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier quit earlier today and was berated by Trump on Twitter.
Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank also said they were leaving the advisory group to focus on inspiring people through “the power of sport.”
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message Thursday night, telling reporters as they posed for photos with their senior military leaders that this might be "the calm before the storm."
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided they wanted the press to document a dinner they were holding with the military leaders and their wives.
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room, where they walked into a scene of the president, their highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo. The cameras clicked and they smiled. A joke was made about someone's face being tired. Live classical music played.
Then, Trump gestured to the reporters in the room.
"You guys know what this represents?" Trump asked. "Maybe it's the calm before the storm. Could be the calm, the calm before the storm."
"What storm Mr. President?" one reporter shouted. ISIS? North Korea? Iran?
"You'll find out," the president said.
They also praised those assembled for the photo, saying: "We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that."
Earlier in the evening, the president had lauded the group, including their defence secretary and chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country, including North Korea and Iran.
Trump said "tremendous progress" had been made with respect to the Islamic State group, adding, "I guess the media's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time."
Two Peterborough natives are among 40 of Canada's top junior hockey players invited to the Sport Chek World Junior Showcase in Kamloops, B.C., from July 28 to Aug. 4.
Barrett Hayton, the fifth-overall pick by the Arizona Coyotes on June 24, and Owen Tippett, the 10th-overall pick in 2017 by the Florida Panthers, are among 24 forwards who will vie for 13 spots on Canada's entry at the 2019 IIHF World Junior Hockey Championships which begin Dec. 26.
Maxime Comtois, Alex Formenton and Robert Thomas return from the team which won gold at the 2018 IIHF World Junior Championship in Buffalo in January.
"The Sport Chek World Junior Showcase gives us an excellent opportunity to begin the evaluation process and for the staff to familiarize themselves with the players before the new season kicks off," stated Brad McEwen, head scout for Hockey Canada, in a press release.
"We also get to see the players in competition against the teams who will be returning to Vancouver and Victoria this December. It's a unique opportunity, and we're looking forward to making the most of it as we kick off our journey to the 2019 World Juniors later this month."
The eight-day showcase features Canada, Finland, Sweden and the United States who will combine to play 11 games at the Sandman Centre. Canada will dress two squads for games against a split Team USA on July 31 before combining again as Team Canada to play Finland on Aug. 2, Sweden on Aug. 3 and close the mini-tournament against the U.S. on Aug. 4.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Apple is investigating reports of iPhone 8 Plus handsets bursting open, suggesting a possible battery issue.
The latest unlucky customer is Mr Liu, who bought a 64GB Rose Gold iPhone 8 Plus from an official retailer in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong Province in South China, according to state media.
When they opened the box, they were shocked to discover that the phone had split open at the side. This was allegedly before Mr Liu had charged it, or even had a chance to touch it or switch it on.
They returned the device to the retailer, which has promised them a new one, but said it could not comment on the reason behind the splitting phone. Mr Liu, however, said they want a full refund.
(Image: iFeng)
iPhone 8 drop test: Watch what happens to Apple's new GLASS iPhone when it's dropped from a height
Apple said it was investigating the splitting claims after a woman from Taiwan and about four others from different countries said their new iPhone 8 Pluses swelled up and the screen popped out during charging.
The Taiwanese customer told Chinese media sites their iPhone burst open despite being charged with an official Apple power adapter. The handset has been returned to Apple for investigation.
It is not yet clear what caused the damage, but there is no evidence of overheating. Rather, it appears that the batteries may have swelled due to the gases inside.
The iPhone 8 and 8 Plus went on sale on 22 September, featuring a new glass and aluminium design, an A11 "Bionic" chip and wireless charging.
However, they received a relatively muted response from customers - many of whom are waiting for the top-of-the-range iPhone X to go on sale on November 3.
While Samsung was forced to recall its Galaxy Note 7 last year, due to multiple reports of handsets overheating and exploding, there is no reason to panic about the iPhone 8 Plus just yet.
Millions of iPhones come off Apple's production lines every year, and it is common for a few to have battery failures.
However, it is only a couple of weeks since the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus went on sale, so if reports of battery issues start to multiply, Apple could have a serious problem on its hands.
KASGANJ: The police arrested another person in connection with the death of Chandan Gupta during the recent communal clashes in Uttar Pradesh's Kasganj district.
Rahat Qureshi, a resident of Kasganj's Smilpur Road, was arrested by cops on Saturday.
Twenty-two-year-old Chandan Gupta was killed after clashes broke out between two groups in Kasganj following an unauthorised bike rally, organised to mark Republic Day 2018. Two others were also injured. Following their death, shops and buses were torched after by a mob.
On Wednesday, the police arrested main accused Salim. So far, at least 118 people have been arrested in connection with the violence.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath had earlier warned of stringent action against those behind the communal clashes in Kasganj.
Raising the issue of atrocities against minorities, Samajwadi Party leader Ram Gopal Yadav on Friday alleged of police inaction in the Rajya Sabha.
Meanwhile, Chandan Gupta's family was provided security after their father alleged that they had received threats from some people.
"I was sitting outside, some people came on the bike in morning. Stopped bike for a second and said that the accused are going to jail, but others are still there. Don't take enmity with us. We will see you," Chandan's father had said.
By
First Colombia Gold provided a shareholder update regarding the newly acquired coal lease in Clay County. The company announced that they have retained Ikerd Natural Resources to assist newly hired Wesley Johnson to oversee on-site operations as well as manage all subcontractors on the job. Ikerd Natural Resources has more than 40 years of coal mining experience and has been both a contractor and owner of coal mines in the past.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Wes Johnson, director of coal operation for First Columbia Gold Corp., stated, “We are blessed to be able to add Ikerd Natural Resources to this team; they bring a wealth of experience and contacts. Their principals have worked in all facets of this business in all different roles being an owner, operator, contractor and landowner. This will greatly assist our company as we begin operations and start the hard work of managing operations and working towards selling coal.”
The company further pointed to an article posted by CNS News stating that the coal industry posted their first profitable quarter in two years, http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/terence-p-jeffrey/us-mining-industry-posts-first-profitable-quarter-2-years. Mr. Castenir, CEO of First Colombia Gold Corp. stated, “The market is definitely trending in the right direction and coal is looking like a better and better opportunity. We are just excited about the team we are assembling and eager to get our first phase of operations started so we can start moving coal.”
The company is focused on the Haddix Seam, which ranges in thickness from 48 inches to 55 inches and will be mined using the area mining method. This seam has an existing permit in place which includes 300,000 tons of recoverable coal. The company plans to mine at a rate of 20,000 tons per month and based upon the current market conditions, the company believes that coal will sell in excess of $55 per ton. The initial estimated mining costs for the initial operation are projected to be $40 to $42 per ton, giving First Columbia Gold Corp. at least a $10 per ton margin. This would project to a monthly profit of $200,000.
Mr. Johnson continued, “Ikerd Natural Resources has a lot of experience with area mining and as we have worked on putting our production plan together we feel really good about the prospects and potential of this lease. As coal prices continue to trend upward, we are getting this deal started at the perfect time. Everyone is very excited.”
Website: www.FCGDcorp.com
Email: info@firstcolombiagoldcorp.com
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/FirstColombiaGold
Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/FCGDCorp
This release contains forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs of First Colombia Gold Corp. management and reflect First Colombia Gold Corp.'s current expectations as contemplated under section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When we use in this release the words “estimate,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “plan,” “predict,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “can,” the negative of these words, or such other variations thereon, or comparable terminology, are all intended to identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of First Colombia Gold Corp. with respect to future events based on currently available information and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, risks and uncertainties pertaining to development of mining properties, changes in economic conditions and other risks, uncertainties and factors, which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievement expressed or implied by such forward looking statements to differ materially from the forward looking statements. The information contained in this press release is historical in nature, has not been updated, and is current only to the date shown in this press release. This information may no longer be accurate and therefore you should not rely on the information contained in this press release. To the extent permitted by law, First Colombia Gold Corp. and its employees, agents and consultants exclude all liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of, or reliance on, any such information, whether or not caused by any negligent act or omission. This press release incorporates by reference the Company's filings with the SEC including 10K, 10Q, 8K reports and other filings. Investors are encouraged to review all filings. There is no assurance First Colombia Gold Corp. will identify projects of merit or if it will have sufficient financing to implement its business plan. There is no assurance that the Company's due diligence on the potential acquisition of oil and gas assets will be favorable nor that definitive terms can be negotiated. Information in this release includes representations from the private companies referred to which has not been independently verified by the company. A downturn in oil prices would affect the potential profitability of the proposed acquisition negatively.
Source: First Colombia Gold Corp
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's done it. He's finally done it.
Arsene Wenger, the man who is known for being stuck in their ways has decided to spice it up a bit at Arsenal.
No, they haven't turned up to the Riverside Stadium in a pair of short shorts, nor has they announced they will shatter the Paul Pogba transfer fee.
They have opted to play three defenders against Middlesbrough (we know it's only baby steps, but it's something).
Arsenal have lost their last four away games on the trot for the first time since the Frenchman took over the club many moons ago.
(Photo: Matthew Lewis)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Losing a fifth would be a travesty, especially as fans are growing consistently more angry every single week, and so Wenger has gone for broke.
Well it works for Antonio Conte, right...
Now we're guessing most Gunners fans will be quite pleased to see Wenger living life in the fast lane for a change.
However most just don't know what to make of it:
Some are miffed.
Some are feeling optimistic.
Some are fearing the worst.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea have emerged as contenders to sign Roma goalkeeper Alisson .
The Brazilian star has been strongly linked with Real Madrid and Liverpool after a superb season in the Italian capital.
Gianluca Di Marzio reports that the Blues have broken off negotiations over a contract extension for Thibaut Courtois and have indeed made an offer for Alisson.
The Reds and Los Blancos could turn their attention to the Belgian, who has one year remaining on their contract.
Alisson is currently with the Brazilian national team and will edge out Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson to be the Selecao's No.1.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Best stories from Thursday's Daily Mirror
Chelsea are chasing Robert Lewandowski after the striker announced they want to leave Bayern Munich.
Arsenal are set to sign Yacine Adli from Paris Saint-Germain, according to French media. They report 17-year-old France youth international midfielder has knocked back PSG's offer in favour of joining the Gunners on a three-year deal, with the option of a further two years,
Liverpool have NOT yet made a bid for Nabil Fekir - but will intensify efforts to land the Lyon star before the World Cup begins in two weeks.
Jorginho's agent claims the Napoli and Italy midfielder would welcome the chance to work with Pep Guardiola at Manchester City.
(Image: Reuters)
Arsenal have been linked a shock move for Mario Balotelli by one of Italy's top sporting publications. The former Manchester City and Liverpool forward has enjoyed a brilliant season at Nice, scoring 26 goals in all competitions and earning an Italy recall after four years in the wilderness.
Spain defender Jordi Alba is growing frustrated with their contract stand-off at Barcelona, and has interest from Manchester United and Arsenal, according to Spanish media.
Liverpool target Gianluigi Buffon has reportedly agreed terms with Paris Saint-Germain. Italian media say the legendary Italy keeper, who is leaving Juventus this summer after almost two decades, is set to sign a two-year contract with the French champions.
(Image: Emilio Andreoli/Getty Images)
Borussia Dortmund starlet Christian Pulisic's father has rather brilliantly dismissed talk the 19-year-old is about to join Liverpool or Tottenham as “hogwash”.
Arsenal have offered Aaron Ramsey a new deal to stop the Wales star entering the last year of their contract. The four-year deal would lift the midfielder's earnings alongside recent signings Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan on around £170,000-a-week.
Joe Hart could be offered a lifeline to revive their career by Sporting Lisbon. Sporting need a new goalkeeper to replace Portugal's No 1 Rui Patricio, who is joining Napoli, and have identified Hart. The former England No1 has ben loaned out for the past two seasons by parent club Manchester City, but neither move has led to a permanent move to either Torino or West Ham.
(Image: Reuters)
More gossip
Barcelona and Real Madrid are in for Miralem Pjanic, with €70m bids being readied for the Juventus star ( Corriere dello Sport )
Inter Milan are in talks to sign Tottenham's Mousa Dembele, who will likely cost around €30m ( Corriere dello Sport )
Athletics: Manangoi brings 1,500m joy for Kenya as Kiprop flops
by Reuters 14 Aug 2017, 09:10 IST
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - men's 1500 metres semi-final – London Stadium, London, Britain - August 11, 2017 - Filip Ingebrigtsen of Norway, Asbel Kiprop and Elijah Motonei Manangoi of Kenya compete. REUTERS/John Sibley
By Ian Chadband
LONDON (Reuters) - Asbel Kiprop failed in their bid for a fourth consecutive 1,500 metres gold medal at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday - but Kenya still celebrated a dazzling one-two with new champion Elijah Manangoi leading home Timothy Cheruiyot.
Manangoi, the fastest man in the world this year, sped past their young compatriot on the home straight of the last men's individual track event to take the title in 3 minutes 33.61 seconds, just ahead of Cheruiyot (3:33.99).
Kiprop, who had briefly threatened to make it a Kenyan clean sweep, found the pace too hot on the last lap, fading into ninth place in 3:37.24, a fairly tame attempt to emulate the four straight metric mile world golds of Moroccan Hicham El Guerrouj.
Norway's European champion Filip Ingebrigtsen snatched the bronze on the line in 3:34.53.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 70-year-old carer trekked five miles through the snow because they couldn't get a bus or taxi home.
The dedicated worker, only named as Pam, is a carer for three men with learning difficulties.
They said they had been forced to walk through deep snow drifts - some even waist-high - after struggling to find transport home from a night shift.
Pam was filmed battling through -4C temperatures in Queensbury, Bradford, by journalist Corinne Wheatley in Bradford yesterday morning.
(Image: BBC)
Pam told the BBC : "I was stuck there until the other member of staff came in. I couldn't get a taxi so I've had to walk the five miles home.
"You can't leave them on their own, you've got a duty of care really. You've got to do it, even at 70."
Yet despite the extra hours at work and the long chilly walk home, Pam didn't let it get them down.
Corinne kindly gave Pam a lift towards their home - dropping them as close as they could get before the snow got too deep for their vehicle to continue.
(Image: BBC)
Queensbury is known for being the highest spot in Bradford and is frequently covered by inches of snow.
This week West Yorkshire Police urged drivers to take care and warned people to only call with genuine emergencies.
Its Road Policing Unit tweeted: "Really difficult driving conditions across West Yorkshire, numerous collisions reported in all areas. Only drive if absolutely necessary."
On July 4, Cokie Roberts Answers Questions About Independence Day Noel King talks to columnist and commentator Cokie Roberts, who answers listener questions about the history of the Declaration of Independence and July Fourth celebrations.
