Click here for updates on this story
DICKSON, Tenn. — Sources have confirmed to News4 that a Dickson County Sheriff's Office deputy has been shot and killed.
A heavy police presence is being reported along South Bear Creek Road.
The Dickson County Sheriff's Office has confirmed they are searching for the suspect in the area of Bear Creek Valley Road and Tidwell Switch Road.
Residents are being asked to call 911 or 615-446-8041, ext. 4, if they see anyone suspicious.
Agents with the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation are responding to the scene.
Stay with News4 for updates on this developing story.
Aircraft Synthetic Vision System Market – Market Overview
Aircraft synthetic vision system (SVS) uses database of terrain, runways, obstacles, airport, and flight plan information, to create a virtual reality display of the external environment that corresponds to the features of the outside world. It combines the database, position sensor, computing platform and a display, to present a computer-generated view to the pilot in the cockpit. SVS system helps to enhance situational awareness by providing a natural and intuitive view of the external environment even in low-visibility conditions and night time. These SVS features translate to increased operational capability of the aircraft at various weather conditions and also reduces the chances of accidents.
The demand for fixed-wing aircraft (for commercial, general aviation, and military applications) has been growing worldwide and so has the utilization of rotorcraft and UAVs. All these aircraft utilize the cockpit display systems that provides the pilots and controllers (in case of UAVs) with various information related to flight control. Such cockpit based information are more significant when flying under low-visibility weather conditions or at night time. Thus, utilization of SVS that provide such benefits have grown in recent days.
Business aircraft are in the forefront for adoption of the technology. In the present global economy, business jets quickly move personnel from one location to another around the world, anytime, and any place. The corporate flights now fly longer hours, and also have increased in operations in emerging markets such as India, Brazil, and Russia. It is necessary for such business jets to be able to continue operating in low-visibility situations or night time. Thus, many of the new business jets already come installed with SVS or are adopting the system into the operational aircraft. Similar is the growing trend for utilization in military aircraft, rotorcraft, and UAVs, which are expected to further propel the global aircraft synthetic vision system market in the future.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1352
Aircraft Synthetic Vision System Market – Segments
For the convenience of the report and enhanced understanding; the aircraft synthetic vision system market is segmented in to three key dynamics:
Segmentation by Application: Manned Aircraft and Unmanned Aircraft.
Segmentation by Type: Synthetic Vision, Enhanced Vision, Heads-Up Display (HUD), and Helmet Mounted Display (HMD).
Segmentation by Regions: Comprises Geographical regions – North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and South America.
Aircraft Synthetic Vision System Market – Regional Analysis
The US is one of the single largest markets for SVS in the Americas region. It is also the pioneer in terms of SVS R&D and new product development. Organizations such as NASA (that has been involved in various SVS research) and some of the major SVS vendors are located in the US. The US has further adopted and encouraged the utilization of technologies such as SVS into the modern aircraft system, which helps to reduce the number of accidents (for example, CFIT). North America (including the US) is already a huge aviation market in terms of the number of operational aircraft and aircraft sales. It has a large number of business jets (also other GA aircraft), helicopters, commercial aircraft and UAVs in operation.
Israel is one of the leading markets for aircraft SVS in the Middle-East region. Israel-based Elbit Systems have been involved in major SVS R&D and product developments. Elbit Systems in cooperation with Norwegian company, Nicarnica Aviation, have been working to integrate volcanic ash cloud detector system data into the cockpit enhanced vision display. UK-based EasyJet airline, also participating in this program, expects to install the production version of the integrated system in its aircraft, in 2015. Airbus is also one of the partners involved in the program and plans to integrate such displays with the main avionics in the aircraft. Such development will enable airlines to fly in low-visibility atmospheric condition, such as the one after the eruption of Icelandic volcano Eyjafjallajokull in 2010. Most of the aircraft across Europe were grounded for about a week after the volcanic incident, one of the reasons being the low-visibility conditions due to volcanic ash in the atmosphere.
Key Players:
The leading market players in the global Aircraft Synthetic Vision System market primarily include Cobham, Garmin. Honeywell Aerospace, Rockwell Collins, Universal Avionics Systems, Aspen Avionics, Avidyne, ENSCO Avionics, ForeFlight, Hilton Software, L-3 Technologies, and Sagetech.
Browse Complete Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aircraft-synthetic-vision-system-market-1352
SCAMMERS are using social media and dating websites to contact West Aussies as part of a ‘sextortion' racket.
The scammers ‘friend' their victims and convince them to record then send sexually explicit videos and photographs. They then threaten to post the images and footage on the internet and to their family, friends, partners and employers, before demanding their victims pay between $500 and $5,000 via Western Union.
WA ScamNet said it had received reports from eight people in WA since December 2017 who were being blackmailed in this way. However no money was reported to have been handed over.
In one case, a 36-year-old man reported that they accepted a friend request on Facebook from a woman they thought they knew and, after a brief conversation, they sent a video of themselves in a “compromising” position. When they refused to pay the $5,000 that the scammers had demanded, the video was sent to the man's girlfriend, who was easily identifiable from their Facebook page.
In another case, a 21-year-old man sent a video via Facebook Messenger to a woman they had just met online and was then confronted with a demand for $1,000 in order to prevent the video from being sent to their family and ex-girlfriend. The scammers sent a message to their mother and uncle demonstrating that they were serious about their threat. They subsequently refused to pay after getting advice from WA ScamNet.
In other ‘sextortion' cases, the targets were enticed into having cyber-sex via Skype which was recorded and extortion attempts were then received. Models are often used in these scams and they usually initiate the sexual behaviour and offer to ‘swap' videos and photos.
Commissioner for Consumer Protection David Hillyard said that, even if those targeted don't pay, they can experience immense emotional trauma.
In 2015, a Scottish teenager took their own life after scammers threatened to share intimate webcam vision of him.
“It's a very personal and highly embarrassing situation to be in and victims are made to believe their lives could be ruined if the intimate videos and photos are made public,” Mr Hillyard said.
“It's important that people who are being blackmailed don't send any money as the demands will only escalate.”
WA ScamNet has issued the following advice:
DO NOT SEND ANY MONEY! If you do, the scammers will come back for more.
Contact WA ScamNet at Consumer Protection on 1300 30 40 54 to seek help.
If the video or photographs are uploaded/posted on sites such as Facebook or YouTube, report them immediately to the administrators by flagging them as inappropriate. They should be taken down quickly.
Take note of Skype names or Facebook profiles as these will also need to be reported.
Block the scammer and delete them from your friends' list on social media. Do the same if they have your email address or mobile phone number.
Deactivate social media accounts for two weeks so the scammers will think you have deleted your accounts.
If you meet someone online, avoid letting them have intimate photos or videos. Even if they are not a scammer, there are still risks.
Information and advice on scams is available on the WA ScamNet website or by calling 1300 30 40 54.
Frances Bean Cobain feared for their life when a plane they were on caught fire.
The 25-year-old model - who is the daughter of the late Kurt Cobain and Courtney love - has taken to social media to speak about their near death experience last month, which has "altered everything" they believed in, although they have tried to "avoid" talking about the incident.
The brunette beauty has shared a string of images of the damaged aeroplane, which was on route to Los Angeles from France, on their Instagram account to explain their feelings during the mid-air accident.
They captioned the post: "I've avoided talking about this because telling strangers struck me as a fruitless endeavor. But enough time has gone by to where I've sat with what this experience should mean on the grand scale of living my day-to-day life. So here it goes : A week ago on September 30th I boarded Air France flight A380 (the irony being I changed my previously booked flight to this one that very day, so I could get home earlier.) This would act as the moment that would alter everything I thought I knew. I have woken up everyday for the past week just grateful to wake up. When I felt the plane tilt, saw the wing directly in front of me catch fire, and basically came to grips with my own mortality I made a deal with myself. (sic)."
And the California-born star has revealed after surviving what could have been a fatal accident, they have "promised" themselves not to try and "escape the moments of [her] life", and not "indulge" in certain clichÃ©s, but they have vowed to tell those close to them how much they mean to them
Them heartfelt post continued: "I promised myself that if I made it through, that I would no longer try to escape the moments of my life. I would no longer indulge in societal cliches & I would let the people I love know how much I love them everyday. Thinking I would never see my mom or my boyfriend or my grams or my pets or my friends again, sparked a renaissance of the soul / mind / body / spirit. (sic)."
Frances now considers "every moment" in their life as "truly precious", and they refuse to let their "crippling anxieties" impact on them
They concluded: "So I've entered the phase of my life where every moment is truly precious. All the mundane "crippling" anxieties I once let dictate how I functioned have dissipated. I was jolted awake and awake is where I need to stay in order to live authentically. As cheeseball as that sounds. It resonates at true. To me. As you were - FBC (sic)."
Ranveer Singh is one of the most sought after actor in Bollywood currently. The actor has graced the cover of Esquire magazine for the month of January. They were chosen as the International man of the year by the magazine and hence made it to the cover.
In their Padmavati look, Ranveer looks absolutely hot. In the photoshoot carried out by the magazine, Ranveer is seen in various looks.
Check out the pictures here:
Akdang-Buhay: F. Sionil Jose talks about literature, colonialism, and class struggles
In this interview filmed in 2011, F. Sionil Jose – National Artist for Literature in 2001 – talks about writing and the social issues that shaped the Philippines throughout the years.
Sionil Jose, now 92, is also a publisher, cultural issues lecturer, and the founder of the Philippine chapter of the international organization PEN (Poets, Playwrights, Essayists, Novelists). Their novels have been translated into 22 languages.
They were bestowed the CCP Centennial Honors for the Arts in 1999; the Outstanding Fulbrighters Award for Literature in 1988; and the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Journalism, Literature, and Creative Communication Arts in 1980.
For the Akdang-Buhay series, they were interviewed by novelist and scriptwriter Charlson Ong
During the Buwan ng Panitikan (National Literature Month), Rappler runs the series that features interviews with several national artists for literature and influential writers, conducted by young writers who have studied their works or whom they have mentored.
Akdang-Buhay is a joint project between the National Commission for Culture and the Arts, Philippine Children's Puppet Theater, Likhaan: The University of the Philippines Institute of Creative Writing, and the University of the Philippines Open University. Rappler obtained permission to republish the series.
Watch Sionil Jose's interview here. – Rappler.com
UNION TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) - A New Jersey man who fatally stabbed their father and set their family home on fire last year has been sentenced to 25 years in prison.
Union County prosecutors say Jeffrey Adams must serve nearly 22 years before they become eligible for parole under the sentence imposed Friday. The 21-year-old Union Township man pleaded guilty last month to aggravated manslaughter.
Emergency responders found the body of 59-year-old Michael Adams inside the residence after the May 8 fire. Jeff Adams fled the home after the fire started but turned themselves in to police later that day.
Authorities say Jeff Adams stabbed their father after the two argued, but further details haven't been disclosed. They also haven't said how the fire was started.
No other injuries were reported in the fire.
“With hundreds of millions of iOS 11 devices now capable of running AR apps, Apple has created huge opportunity, but there just aren't enough skilled developers,” Jonny Evans writes for Computerworld. “Udacity and Unity plan to help.”
“Udacity and Unity have introduced two new training schemes to help develop new generations of AR developer,” Evans writes. “That's important, given some analysts expect the VR/AR industry to be worth around $108 billion by 2021.”
“You see, while the mass market focus is on gaming applications, the truth is that industries, including healthcare, education, entertainment, real estate, and automotive, can use AR to ‘fundamentally change' their relationships with their customers,” Evans writes. “The challenge? Developers, developers, developers, of course — and victory for AR across the next couple of years will be defined by market share and by which platform on which developers choose to focus their initial efforts. With an immediate potential audience of 400 million iOS users (and beyond), I imagine most developers will focus on ARKit above other platforms.”
Read more in the full article here.
“On Wednesday, at Unity's Unite developer conference in Austin, Udacity announced its new Learn ARKit program to teach developers how to build augmented reality (AR) apps for Apple's ARKit,” Conner Forrest reports for TechRepublic. “The one-month long program will cost $200, and will teach students how to build the apps using either Unity or Swift.”
“One of the specialized skills that users will learn in the project-based program is an understanding of visual inertial odometry, which helps determine position and orientation based on images,” Forrest reports. “Students will also learn many of the other foundational computer vision mechanisms that support ARKit.”
Read more in the full article here.
[Thanks to MacDailyNews Readers “Fred Mertz” and “Dan K.” for the heads-up.]
Since POPTONE – Daniel Ash, Kevin Haskins and Diva Dompe – announced their recent formation, and already, their live show schedule is beginning to take shape. New dates include May 20th at Pomona, CA's Glass House, Vancouver's The Rickshaw on June 4th, and run of dates later in June and into early July, covering SLC, UT, Colorado, Kansas City, Minneapolis and Chicago. A third Los Angeles date has been added for May 19th as well. Tour dates below.
Continuing to add classic songs to their previously released set list, Poptone have been mining even deeper into their collective catalog to flesh out their planned set list, adding more songs from Tones on Tail and Love and Rockets, as well as “Flame On” from Daniel Ash's solo output.
The current set list is:
** designates newly added songs
TONES ON TAIL
Go!
OK This Is The Pops
Movement of Fear
Christian Says
Happiness
Heartbreak Hotel (Elvis Presley cover) **
Lions **
Twist **
Performance **
There's Only One **
LOVE AND ROCKETS
An American Dream
Mirror People
No Big Deal
Love Me **
Sweet F.A.**
BAUHAUS
Slice of Life
DANIEL ASH (solo)
Flame On **
EXTRA
Physical (Adam Ant cover) **
Originally emerging from the British punk and rock underground in the late 70s, Daniel and Kevin, along with vocalist Peter Murphy and bassist David J, Bauhaus spawned four iconoclastic and ultra-seminal albums as well as keystone singles “She's In Parties”, “Ziggy Stardust”, and, of course, “Bela Lugosi's Dead” before disbanding in 1983. Rising from the rubble, Daniel and Glenn Campling collaborated soon after as the short-lived but no less impactful Tones on Tail (with Kevin joining the fray soon after), and pumped out midnight dancefloor classics such as “Ok This Is the Pops”, “Christian Says” and the smash “Go!” (which has recently appeared in the're the Millers trailer and was most recently re-recorded for the upcoming Power Rangers film). Next, the duo reunited with Bauhaus bassist David J. and hit the mainstream with the formation of Love and Rockets through the 1989 hit single “So Alive” which reached Number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Now as Poptone, Daniel and Kevin are revisiting their storied catalogue and presenting in a fresh, new direction, to combine their histories with a reinvigorated outlook for new tours and potentially new music.
Poptone is Daniel Ash (vocals, guitar), Kevin Haskins (drums), and Diva Dompe (bass, backing vocals).
LIVE DATES:
** designates newly added dates
April 20 – Los Angeles, CA @ Swing House Studios ** SOLD OUT
April 21 – Los Angeles, CA @ Swing House Studios ** SOLD OUT
May 11 – Tempe AZ @ The Marquee
May 12 – Las Vegas @ Brooklyn Bowl
May 17 – San Diego @ House Of Blues
May 19 – Los Angeles, CA @ Teragram Ballroom **
May 20 – Pomona, CA @ Glass House **
May 30 – Santa Cruz @ Rio Theatre
May 31 – Fresno @ Strummers
June 2 – Seattle @ Neptune Theatre
June 3 – Portland @ Wonder Ballroom
June 4 – Vancouver, BC @ The Rickshaw **
June 6 – Sacramento, CA @ Ace Of Spades
June 7 – San Francisco, CA @ The Regency Ballroom
June 21 – Salt Lake City @ The Depot **
June 22 – Englewood,CO @ Gothic Theatre **
June 23 – Boulder,CO @ Fox Theatre **
June 25 – Kansas City,MO @ Madrid Theatre **
July 8- Minneapolis,MN @ First Avenue **
July 9 – Chicago,IL @ Metro **
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) - Police in Tennessee say a teenager has been charged with kidnapping after a car with a baby girl inside was stolen outside a Memphis restaurant.
Memphis police said on its Facebook page that 18-year-old James Williams was charged Sunday with kidnapping and theft of property.
Williams was being held in the Shelby County Jail. Jail records didn't indicate whether they have an attorney.
The 10-month-old infant appeared unharmed when they were found Saturday morning, hours after an Amber Alert was triggered. Police say the baby apparently spent the night in the car and was found in a residential area.
Police say the car was taken when the girl's mother went into the restaurant to pick up an order and left their car running.
Baby and mother have been reunited.
PRESS RELEASE
For Immediate Release - March 18, 2018
Business After Hours set for March in Ocean Springs
(Ocean Springs, MS) - The Ocean Springs Chamber of Commerce-Main StreetTourism Bureau is pleased to present the March Business After Hours on Thursday, March 22 from 5-7 p.m. at Home Instead Senior Care located at 1716 Government Street, B.
Chamber members and the community are invited to attend this excellent networking opportunity in a relaxed social setting. Our host will provide refreshments. Bring your business cards, a $5 donation and meet community leaders and business professionals.
For details on the Business After Hours, please contact the Ocean Springs Chamber of Commerce - Main Street - Tourism Bureau at 228-875-4424.
Mission: To promote tourism, provide progressive leadership for economic and community vitality for the greater Ocean Springs, Jackson County area and gulf coast and to enhance local culture and preserve quality of life through planned growth, diversification and beautification.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–SE Missouri-Kansas Box
KANSAS 51, SE MISSOURI 50
SE MISSOURI (4-7)
Jones 2-4 1-2 5, Madden 4-8 0-0 8, Luttrull 5-15 2-2 15, McCurdy 2-4 1-3 5, Murphy 1-8 0-0 2, Lutaya 0-0 1-2 1, Harshberger 0-1 2-2 2, Leyhue 2-6 0-0 6, Thompson 3-10 0-0 6, Totals 19-56 7-11 50.
KANSAS (8-1)
Cheadle 1-3 2-3 4, Wilson 3-6 0-0 6, Helgren 1-3 0-0 2, Kopatich 2-11 4-8 8, Lyons 4-8 0-2 8, Johnson 6-9 2-3 14, Richardson 1-5 0-0 2, Lott 1-2 0-0 2, Benoit 0-0 1-2 1, Osorio 2-9 0-0 4, Watts 0-0 0-0 0, Totals 21-56 9-18 51.
SE Missouri 11 14 16 9 —50 Kansas 14 14 9 14 —51
3-Point Goals_SE Missouri 5-22 (Luttrull 3-13, Murphy 0-4, Leyhue 2-5), Kansas 0-12 (Cheadle 0-1, Wilson 0-2, Kopatich 0-5, Lyons 0-1, Richardson 0-1, Osorio 0-2). Assists_SE Missouri 11 (Murphy 8), Kansas 7 (Kopatich 2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_SE Missouri 38 (Madden 8), Kansas 39 (Cheadle 7). Total Fouls_SE Missouri 22, Kansas 16. A_1,543.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
In their new role, Keith, formerly the president of P&G's global skin and personal-care division, will serve as president of global hair care at P&G and will lead P&G Beauty overall. Markus Strobel, currently the vice president and brand franchise leader of SK-II, will take over Keith's role. Their successor will be announced at a later date, a spokesperson for the company said.
Re: Life and death on Hamilton's streets
Thanks for the story. It brings to light two real people's lives involved with substance abuse. It makes me realize that sometimes we (as a society) can be judgmental towards drug users/addicts and dismissive of them. The fact that no business or neighbourhood in our city seems to want an injection facility near them, speaks loudly. But I have to wonder how much Stewart Veno mattered when they were found overdosed and dead in a hospital bathroom only hours after they had been revived from an earlier overdose. (Didn't anyone check this patient's pockets or keep watch over him?) But who doesn't have an addiction or two of some kind, be it the caffeine in the coffee we drink, the nicotine in the cigarettes we smoke or the sugar in the chocolate bar we eat, for example. It is no different for a drug user/addict. Their body craves the drug; the user becomes addicted to the drug as well. Thus it would be fair to say, if we are going to look at drug users/addicts less than ourselves or anyone else, we should remember we have addictions, as well, and our addictions are no better than someone who is addicted to drugs. No one should feel complacent.
Tina Maini, Hamilton
Foreign companies do nothing for the Canadian steel industry
Re: Trump's tariffs
It is my understanding the purpose of the Trump tariffs on Canadian steel is basically to stop foreign companies such as Luxembourg-based Tenaris which made the news by laying off 40 workers recently. I call companies such as Tenaris parasites as they use our steel mills and the Made in Canada logo to sell their steel products to U.S., but instead of buying their billets made here in Canada they use their cheaper imports from Mexico, Romania, Italy and Argentina, not Ontario, and the profits go to Luxembourg. Yes, these companies do offer some jobs but they do nothing for the Canadian steel industry which, as I stated, is why Trump put tariffs on Canadian steel product that are not truly Canadian-made but are made with cheap imports. These tariffs should have been levied by Canada, years ago, on cheaper raw steel imports to protect Canadian steel jobs.
Doug Wadel, Dunnville
How about we pull together and stop hating
Re: Trump haters
It is not a problem locating all the Trump haters, is it — they are the authors of the only Trump letters that get published in the Spec!
Why won't Canadians pay more attention to our own problems — for example, why doesn't our Prime Minister work harder for Canada, instead of dressing up and mocking other countries?
Since Mike Pearson, Canada enjoyed an admired reputation, pretty much worldwide. Well, no more. We are being led around by the nose by the American and Canadian press. There doesn't appear to be anyone who thinks or reasons for themselves, and if one of those people happens to pen a letter to the editor, you can be almost sure that letter will not get published.
However, an insulting Trump-hating letter stands an 80 per cent chance of getting published.
Wouldn't it be a blast if Doug Ford were given at least half a chance to bring Ontario back to the economic driver of Canada it once was, without any Trump comparisons?
How about we Ontarians all pull together and stop the hating!
Susan A. Frandsen, Rockton
I'll take a buffoon in Toronto over a vacuous elitist in Ottawa
Re: Doug Ford
A writer wrote that Doug Ford is a buffoon before Ford was even sworn in as premier. Some tough, responsible financial decisions have yet to be made to undo the years of severe economic damage that Liberals Wynne and McGuinty did to Ontario.
In any event, I would rather have a buffoon in Toronto than a vacuous, elitist, alleged groper of a young female reporter, in Ottawa. And why, in this age of the #MeToo movement, didn't mainstream media report on this groping incident until about three weeks after I first read about it? Smells like a media coverup to me.
Phil Romaker, Hamilton
Trudeau can't have it both ways
Re: Global warming
If Justin Trudeau is really concerned about climate change, they would step up to the plate and ban all advertising in Canada for cars and trucks for sale, in all forms of our media. Vehicles are a major problem for contributing to global warming. Cars and trucks emit approximately 24 pounds of carbon dioxide and other global-warming gases for every gallon of gasoline burned. Five pounds of those gases released into the atmosphere can be attributed to extraction, production and delivery of all the fuel consumed. And 19 pounds of carbon dioxide comes directly out of a vehicle's tailpipe, polluting our atmosphere. Somebody has to tell Justin that they can't be an advocate for climate change and support the auto sector, one of the biggest contributors to the increase in global-warming.
Charles Owen, Welland
The Trudeau plea
Re: Alleged groping
Now that Trudeau has given an answer to their alleged groping of a female reporter, perhaps men who are in court on sexual-related charges can plead either guilty, not guilty or take the Trudeau plea. I Don't Remember.
Dave Mechar, Waterdown
It's been just over a week since Aussie Farmers Direct went into administration.
It's been just over a week since Aussie Farmers Direct went into administration.
Administrators do not expect to recover enough from the carcass of Aussie Farmers Direct to pay trade suppliers and franchisees owed more than $4 million.
KordaMentha, which was appointed to the grocery home delivery business two weeks ago, has told unsecured creditors that there are insufficient assets to support a return to them after accounting for the one secured creditor owed $16 million.
Initial estimates provided by the administrators to Friday's creditors meeting of AFD put the assets of the business at about $11.8 million, including bank cash, stock, plant and equipment and debtors, against debts to unsecured creditors of $60.8 million.
Excluding $56 million owed to AFD's overseas venture capital owners, $4.4 million of the unsecured debt is claimed by trade creditors, including a raft of produce suppliers around the country, and franchisees.
The business is closing immediately after 13 years of delivery. The West Australian The business is closing immediately after 13 years of delivery.
Another $4.6 million is owed to staff. It is not yet known whether that debt will be meet from AFD's assets or the Government's Fair Entitlements Guarantee safety net, which can be accessed once a company is sent into liquidation.
With AFD's business closed and its 260 staff laid off, lead administrator Craig Shepard said KordaMentha had been focused since its appointment on terminating leases over AFD's offices and warehouses, including a site in Canning Vale.
Despite the hit taken by the group's 100 franchisees, who were owed a month of fees and are sitting on potentially worthless franchises, AFD appeared to be meeting most of its financial commitments up until its collapse.
Mr Shepard said payments to staff and creditors were “pretty much up to date”, with bills generally getting paid within 30 days.
AFD's owners are believed to have pumped up to $70 million into the business in recent years without the group turning a profit.
AFD started out in 2005 delivering milk and bread before expanding into Australian-sourced fish, meat and vegetables and finally dry goods.
KordaMentha has blamed the collapse on AFD's inability to compete with cheaper and imported produce and goods sold by the big supermarket chains.
LARRY LAGE, AP Sports Writer
DETROIT (AP) — Aaron Rodgers threw three of their four touchdown passes in the second half, lifting the Green Bay Packers to an NFC North-winning 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night.
Detroit's Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left, but the Packers recovered the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory.
The Packers (10-6) closed the regular season with six straight wins, running the table as Rodgers said they could after losing four straight games midway through the season, to win the division for the fifth time in six years. Like their team, Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions. They will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home Sunday against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game.
Detroit (9-7) dropped its last three games after it had a two-game lead in the NFC North, spoiling its shot at winning a division title for the first time since 1993.
The Lions, though, will be in the playoffs for the second time in three years with coach Jim Caldwell because the Giants beat the Washington Redskins earlier in the day. The sixth-seeded Lions will play at third-seeded Seattle on Saturday night in a wild-card game.
Rodgers , who was 27 of 39 for 300 yards, threw a go-ahead, 3-yard TD pass to Davante Adams with 9:23 left in the third quarter. Rodgers connected with Geronimo Allison and Adams in the end zone in the fourth quarter to give Green Bay a 14-point lead in a game it trailed 14-7 at halftime.
Stafford put Detroit ahead by a touchdown with a 3-yard pass to Golden Tate with 23 seconds left in the second quarter after Zach Zenner tied it with a 1-yard run.
Stafford was 26 of 41 for 347 yards with two TDs and an interception. They made some fantastic passes and some they sailed over wide-open receivers.
RODGERS RUNS: Rodgers ran for 42 yards, their third-highest total of the season, on 10 carries. By design, they converted a third-and-1 from the Green Bay 34 with a 13-yard run a bootleg. Rodgers also used their feet to escape sacks and to give their receivers time to get open.
MISSED OPPORTUNITIES: Stafford failed to connect with Tate when they were all by themselves midway through the first quarter, wasting a chance to make a big play to possibly score on Detroit's second drive. Early in the scoreless second period, Matt Prater missed a 39-yard field goal. Green Bay linebacker Clay Matthews also missed an opportunity, dropping one of Stafford's passes that they could've possibly returned for a score.
MATTHEW'S MILESTONE: Stafford surpassed 30,000 yards passing for their career, becoming the fastest quarterback to reach the mark. They did it in their 109th game Sunday night against Green Bay. The previous record was held by Dan Marino and Kurt Warner, who did it in 114 games. With a chance to lead the Lions to a signature win, however, Stafford came up short to add to their legacy that they beat bad teams and loses against winning teams.
INJURIES
Packers: Two cornerbacks — Quinten Rollins (neck) and Makinton Dorleant (knee) — were carted off the field minutes apart late in the third quarter and another cornerback — Damarious Randall (knee) — left the game with an injury in the second half. Rollins, who was conscious and able to move, was taken to a hospital. Receiver Randall Cobb (ankle), running back James Starks (concussion) and center JC Tretter (knee) were inactive with injuries.
Lions: Receiver Marin Jones was evaluated late in the game for a concussion, but returned to play. Cornerback Darius Slay returned from a one-game absence with a hamstring injury. Right tackle Riley Reiff was out with a hip injury and was missed, especially when Nick Perry got past their replacement, Corey Robinson, for a possession-ending sack in the third quarter. Robinson left the game with an apparent injury in the second half and
UP NEXT
Packers: Green Bay will play the Giants at Lambeau Field, where it beat them 23-16 in Week 5.
Lions: Detroit, which has won only one playoff game since winning the 1957 NFL title, will face long odds to advance on the road against the Seahawks.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
DROP OUT: It seems Rodarte has had a change of heart about presenting at Paris Couture Week in July. The Los Angeles-based label, which figured on the Chambre Syndicale's recent list of guest-member acts headed to the week, is missing from the provisional calendar released on Wednesday.
Givenchy will headline the week's opening day on July 1, taking over the slot traditionally held by Miu Miu, which instead will present its cruise collection the night before. Giorgio Armani Privé will present two successive shows on July 3.
As reported, Proenza Schouler, which defected to Paris Couture Week alongside Rodarte last July, has also pulled out of the week, with plans for the upcoming collection to be revealed in the near future.
Like countless others across the industry, the brand's founders, Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez, are facing essential fork-in-the-road questions, including how to continue to develop their business and whether to re-embrace New York as part of a small collective of cool-reputation designers who would show on a December-to-June schedule.
The couture collections will take place from July 1 to July 5.
Report: Germany to pay 300K euros to Erdoğanist spy organization DİTİB
The German government will reportedly pay 297,750 euros to controversial Religious Affairs Turkish-Islamic Union (DİTİB) which has close ties with Turkey's Erdoğan regime and has turned into be a hub of espionage activities carried out by Turkish government against opposition groups in Germany.
The funding of the organisation, which was cut by almost 80 percent but Germany, was also being expected to cut all the funding to DİTİB after its imams were accused of spying for Turkey.
The imams working for DİTİB, which is an organisation operating mosques throughout Germany, were appointed by Turkish government in the past. A number of them were accused of spying for Turkey and fled back to their homeland to avoid prosecution.
However, German newspaper Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger has reported that the German government will pay 297,750 euros to DİTİB anyway. According to the report, a list of organizations which will be supported by German government in 2018 shows that DİTİB will get a total subsidy of EUR 297,500.
Although this is only about a fifth of the 2017 and less than one tenth of the 2016 project funds, a total cut was being expected. For 2017, the German government had allocated 1,47 million euros to the DİTİB headquarters in Cologne as well as to DİTİB sub-associations. In 2016 the German government had paid 3,27 million to the DİTİB.
The religious-political spokesperson of the Green Bundestag fraction, Volker Beck, has reiterated their demand for an investigation on cooperation with associations such as DİTİB, the Central Council of Muslims or Milli Görüş (National View).
It was reported that after a spying scandal involving DİTİB, Erdoğanist Turkish imams working in mosques, schools and prisons in Germany have refused security checks and quit their jobs. According to a report, when a children's comic glorifying ‘martyrdom' was published by the DİTİB in the summer of 2016, the then Justice Minister of Germany, Thomas Kutschaty had issued an order for security check for all imams working in government institutions. The security checks tightened after several Turkish imams were prosecuted for being a Turkish spy and collecting information about German citizens and institutions.
According to the data provided by Germany's North Rheine Westphalia (NRW) government after the introduction of the obligatory security check for imams working in prisons, most of the imams have quit their jobs.
16 Turkish imams were accused of spying for the Turkish government on Gülen movement followers in Germany on May 2017. Ten imams who work for DİTİB had fled the country to avoid legal proceedings. A total of 20 Turkish citizens have been facing an investigation on charges of spying on followers of the faith-based Gülen movement, according to a report in the German Die Welt daily in April.
Tensions rose between Turkey and Germany over operations against DİTİB imams who were claimed to be spying on people affiliated with the Gülen movement, which the Turkish government accuses of masterminding a failed coup attempt in Turkey on July 15, an accusation strongly denied by the movement.
In February, the coordinator of DİTİB, Murat Kayman, announced their resignation over the allegations. In the same month, German police teams raided the apartments of four DİTİB imams in North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate who were suspected of acting as informants.
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office (GBA) said in a statement that the imams had acted on an order issued on Sept. 20, 2016 by the directorate to profile Gülen movement sympathizers. In March, GBA launched an investigation into Halife Keskin, the foreign relations general manager of Turkey's Religious Affairs Directorate (Diyanet), over their order to Turkey's diplomatic missions and imams to gather information on people sympathetic to the Gülen movement.
It was also leaked to the public that not only imams but also members of Turkey's National Intelligence Organization (MİT) had been surveilling members of the Gülen movement in Germany. The German Interior Ministry in March launched an investigation into whether MİT has been spying on suspected supporters of the Gülen movement in Germany.
Speaking in Passau in southern Germany in March, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière said it was a “criminal offense” to carry out espionage activities on German soil and that they “will not be tolerated by us.” “That applies to all foreign states and all intelligence services,” they added.
“We have repeatedly told Turkey that something like this is unacceptable. No matter what position someone may have on the Gülen movement, here German jurisdiction applies and citizens will not be spied on by foreign countries,” they said.
The Big Brother Award 2017 was given to DİTİB in the category of politics for its spying on critics of President Erdoğan. The Big Brother Awards have since 2000 been bestowed by digital rights organization Digitalcourage on companies, organisations and individuals in Germany “who act in a prominent and sustained way to invade people's privacy or leak (personal) data to third parties,” according to the group's website.
Related
Members of an Iowa wildlife rehabilitation organization have returned two squirrels to their Waterloo neighborhood after removing electrical zip ties from around the necks of both and a bell from the neck of one. Dreama Bartz with the Black Hawk Wildlife Rehabilitation Project said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, that they captured two in traps after a man called earlier this month to report the odd sight. The two were released after the ties and bell were removed at a vetâ€™s office and the vet determined they werenâ€™t injured. Bartz thinks someone in the neighborhood captured the squirrels as infants and let them go months later, after realizing the frisky pair couldnâ€™t be turned into pets. (Dreama Bartz/Black Hawk Wildlife Rehabilitation Project via AP)
Members of an Iowa wildlife rehabilitation organization have returned two squirrels to their Waterloo neighborhood after removing electrical zip ties from around the necks of both and a bell from the neck of one. Dreama Bartz with the Black Hawk Wildlife Rehabilitation Project said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, that they captured two in traps after a man called earlier this month to report the odd sight. The two were released after the ties and bell were removed at a vetâ€™s office and the vet determined they werenâ€™t injured. Bartz thinks someone in the neighborhood captured the squirrels as infants and let them go months later, after realizing the frisky pair couldnâ€™t be turned into pets. (Dreama Bartz/Black Hawk Wildlife Rehabilitation Project via AP)
WATERLOO, Iowa (AP) - Iowa wildlife experts have released two squirrels after a vet removed electrical zip ties from around their necks, including one with a bell attached.
Dreama Bartz with the Black Hawk Wildlife Rehabilitation Project said Wednesday that they trapped the animals this month after a Waterloo resident called to report the apparent cruelty.
A vet helped to remove the ties and determined the squirrels were not hurt before they were released back into the neighborhood where they were found.
Bartz thinks a resident captured the squirrels as infants and let them go months later, after realizing the frisky pair wouldn't work as pets.
They think the zip ties and bell were ways to keep track of them.
Bartz says the squirrels could have been choked by the ties as they grew.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans for a £13 million retail park on the former Barracks Mill site have been given the green light after a public inquiry.
Applicant Cedar Invest challenged Cheshire East Council planning committee's decision to refuse the application last autumn.
This means the developer now has permission to build four large shops on site on Black Lane which could become home to big name national brands including Range, Dunelm and Sports Direct.
Planning inspector Matthew Birkinshaw, who oversaw the planning inquiry in July, said they allowed the appeal but would introduce conditions to protect the ‘vitality and viability of Macclesfield Town Centre' by limiting the total amount of retail floorspace and restricting the type and amount of goods that could be sold from the site.
The scheme has divided opinion among both shoppers and business leaders in the town.
Ward councillor Steve Carter argued the development would bring jobs and get rid of a dangerous building which has been unused since fires in 2004 and 2013.
But objectors Macclesfield Town Council and Eskmuir Securities Limited, which owns the Grosvenor Shopping Centre, argued it will divert trade from the town centre.
Macclesfield MP David Rutley also warned it could adversely harm the £20m town centre cinema scheme.
The scheme even divided Cheshire East Council with the Regeneration team fearing it could wreck its plans to make the ailing town centre a day and night destination, and planning officers claiming the proposal would bring new jobs and investment to a key gateway into Macclesfield.
Reacting to the decision, Councillor Ainsley Arnold, cabinet member for housing and planning, said: “The Barracks Mill site has been vacant and subject to vandalism and anti-social behaviour for too long.
“Whilst we welcome the fact that it will be brought back into use, we regret the decision made by the planning inspector that it will be for retail use.
“Our concerns with the Barracks Mill scheme have always been around the potential impact this scheme may have on Macclesfield town centre.
“However, it is good to note that the inspector has recognised this and imposed restrictions on the type and amount of goods that can be sold from the site.”
Town leaders and Express readers have mixed views on the appeal decision.
Macclesfield MP David Rutley said: “Now the decision has been made, it is more important than ever that Cheshire East Council makes tangible progress with its recently announced plans to regenerate the town centre. Plans to deliver the new leisure-led scheme and cinema, invest in public spaces and promote our unique heritage must be taken forward with a greater sense of urgency by the council to ensure that any retail development at the Barracks Mill site does not detract from creating the thriving and distinctive town centre that local residents expect and deserve.”
Coun Liz Durham, who represents Broken Cross and Upton ward, said: “I'm saddened that a decision made by Cheshire East genuinely to benefit and secure the future of Macclesfield, has been ignored and overturned by people who have no connection with, or an understanding of the plans and vision we have for town.”
Coun Beverley Dooley, who represents Macclesfield central ward, said: “I am very concerned about the impact this decision will have on an already fragile High Street here in Macclesfield, plus the impact it could have on any future inward investment. People's livelihoods are potentially at stake.”
Coun Nick Mannion, who represents Macclesfield West and Ivy ward, said: “With a significant proportion of the shop premises in Macclesfield currently empty this development will do nothing to help the regeneration of the town centre. Instead, it will potentially draw even more visitor footfall away from the town's historic centre and add to the already heavily congested Silk Road. Yet another example of planning dogma ignoring local circumstances and priorities.”
Some readers expressed positive views about the decision on the Express Facebook page. Brenda Clarke said: “About time something done with this hazardous eyesore!”
Val Pownall said: “If we get The Range and Dunelm I'm all for it. I've not noticed anything in the town centre even remotely resembling such stores so I can't see how it can negatively affect the town centre shopping. The only stores anything like [them]are up on Lyme Green. No doubt people complained when they were built too.”
Speed up business decisions and increase ROI with Loadspring's functional and intuitive Cloud Platform. The tool gives users ultimate control over their projects and collaborations.
[WILMINGTON, 05/30/2018] – Loadspring is an expert in Cloud portfolio management, and it is committed to making jobs faster, easier, and more convenient for clients. It offers a smart Cloud platform that gives users instant project data and KPIs at a glance.
Project Management Made Easier
Loadspring makes it easier for users to make fast and informed project decisions. Its Cloud platform gives clients absolute control over their projects and collaborations. The LoadSpring Cloud platform functions as a user's digital gateway to the Cloud by delivering more than 200 project management applications, as well as instant access to project status, user training, licensing, and more.
Besides having several tools at their disposal, the powerful Cloud-enabling platform provides clients with ultimate accessibility and iron-clad security.
Customized Project Management Solutions
Loadspring designs its solutions to help users achieve greater project management efficiency and a greater ROI. The LoadSpring Cloud Platform features optional custom cloud environments, tailor-made to user specific business needs.
The platform is an ideal connection to the Cloud because it contains user applications specifically for engineering/construction, oil/energy and other project heavy industries, as well as custom integrations, and disaster recovery features. The customizable dashboard provides instant and useful information that helps clients make better business decisions.
A Streamlined Interface for Mobile Devices
Stay active and connected to key projects by accessing the company's interface from any mobile device. With it, clients can keep working on the field while getting up-to-date reports on the project's progress. Through LoadspringMobile, users can view the dashboard right from their fingertips, without needing full application licenses.
The cloud project management tool is easy to use: with single-sign on users simply log in once to their accounts, select a function, and manage project information from there.
About Loadspring
Loadspring optimizes Cloud-forward strategies to prevent risks and create value. The company hosts Cloud-based project management and engineering software solutions to help businesses achieve their goals and simplify their complex project needs.
For more information, visit https://www.loadspring.com/.
West Coast will put the X-factor into AFLX next week, as they prepare to unveil freakish forward talents Willie Rioli and Liam Ryan, as well as speed machine Jack Petruccelle, in the concept's debut tournament in Adelaide.
The Eagles are planning to field a rookie line-up almost exclusively made up of first and second-year players for the February 15 event and exciting trio Rioli, Ryan and Petruccelle have been slated to make their first appearances in club colours.
A slimmed-down Rioli is set to be rewarded for their strong summer on the track after losing about 7kg since the end of last season and getting on top of the hamstring problems that ruined their first year at the Eagles.
The 22-year-old goalsneak, who grew up on the remote Tiwi Islands, said they slashed 10 seconds from their personal best time in the 2km time trial and they were now down to their ideal playing weight of about 78kg.
“It's been a big learning curve for me this pre-season, but a successful one,” Rioli told The Sunday Times .
Willie Rioli will be in the thick of the AFLX action. Picture: Michael Wilson
“I guess coming from a small community, I wasn't really big on being a professional athlete.
“Getting a full pre-season under my belt has definitely helped and being injury free and getting every session done has been a bonus this year.
“You don't want to base your pre-season on AFLX, but it would be good to show people that I can play.”
High-flying Subiaco recruit Ryan is on track to get their chance to shine in the seven-a-side rectangular game, while Petruccelle, who recorded the fastest 20m sprint time of any of last year's draftees, has also been part of the young team that has worked together at training.
West Coast have been placed in Pool B with Adelaide and Collingwood for the tournament at Hindmarsh Stadium next Thursday. Fremantle is in Pool A with Port Adelaide and Geelong so the WA clubs will only meet in an AFLX derby if both progress to the final.
The masts are in the dunes on the Westende side of Middelkerke. They used to be used for shipping off the West Flemish coast.
“Radio Ostend” is now the responsibility of the Federal Defence Department and it has decided to decommission the mast after 85 years. In future the military mast at Ruislede (West Flanders) will be used for shipping.
Anyone wishing to purchase one of the 65 metre masts has until 23 October to make an offer. Potential buyers can also request a viewing. Anyone purchasing one or more masts will have to ensure that they are removed from their current home before 31 December.
With the weekend on the way, what could be better news than hearing that there might be a mini heatwave on the way for this weekend. Here's a quick rundown of how the weather is expected to pan out over the next few days.
Friday
Friday will be very warm and should stay dry for the day. Good sunshine should develop with temperatures reaching 19 degrees in a light southwest breeze.
Saturday
Saturday will be a fine and dry day with warm sunny spells. Temperatures will reach 22 degrees in a light southwest breeze.
Sunday
Sunday should be warm and dry with temperatures reaching 22 degrees in a light southwest breeze. It may be a little cloudier than Saturday.
As part of a major confidence-building exercise, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has granted permission to the Bank of China to operate offices in India.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — The 106-year-old Bank of China is all set to become the second Chinese bank after the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd to have a branch in India. On Wednesday, the Reserve Bank of India issued a license to the Bank of China — a formality that was pending for the last three years. The decision to allow the Bank of China to operate out of India was taken last month during a meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the sidelines of the SCO summit.
Reserve Bank of India issues licence to Bank of China to operate in India.This was a commitment made by PM Modi to Chinese leadership: Sources — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
Apart from the Bank of China, three banks from Iran, two from South Korea, one from Malaysia and one from the Netherlands had also applied for the license. Among the Iranian banks that had sought approval from the RBI were Bank Pasargad, Parsian Bank and Saman Bank. RBI has not issued a license to these applicants to date.
© AFP 2018 / FRED DUFOUR India Seeks $2.4 Billion From China-Based Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank
RBI has issued a license to Bank of China to operate its first branch in Mumbai-- sources — Rishikesh Kumar (@rishhikesh) July 4, 2018
India's security agencies, until June this year, had not granted security clearance to the Bank of China amid speculations that the People's Liberation Army had an indirect stake or control over the bank. Some unconfirmed reports also pointed out that the bank was involved in funding Hamas, a terror group which targets Israel. However, the listing documents showed the bank to be partly owned by Central Hujin Investment, Hong Kong Exchanges Clearances, and China Securities Finance.
China had permitted Indian banks to open seven branches in China since 2006. The State Bank of India was the first to start operations in China where it has two branches. The Bank of India, the Bank of Baroda, Canara Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank have one branch each. With Chinese investments in India growing manifold in recent years, Chinese banks have been seeking the license to operate in India.
READ MORE: Economists: Monopoly of the Dollar to Be Replaced by Troika Including Euro, Yuan
"By the end of 2017, Chinese investments into India added up to more than $8 billion, as India has become an important market for infrastructure cooperation among Chinese companies and a major investment destination," Gao Feng, a spokesperson for the Ministry of Commerce, had said in April this year.
Last year, bilateral trade between both countries touched a historic high of $84.44 billion, and in the first quarter of this year it witnessed robust growth, netting $22.1 billion, a 15.4 percent year-on-year increase.
Cup must fit upright within 10" hole
Cup must be food-safe clean
Cup must be watertight
One cup per person
This time of year always makes me feel a little down. A lot of kids are back in school, even though it still feels like the middle of summer. Even though the sun may be shining, you know that your beach days are numbered. If you're not the type to dive into pumpkin spice-flavored everything before Labor Day, 7-Eleven is offering a deal that might cheer you up. On August 18 and 19, select locations of the convenience store chain will be hosting Bring Your Own Cup Day . From 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on those days, all you have to do is bring in your own cup, which can be anything from a champagne flute to an over-sized coffee mug, and fill it with any Slurpee flavor for just $1.50. There are a few rules for the promotion:In the past, customers have gotten pretty creative with the deal. One Instagrammer decided to get their money's worth by filling two jumbo popcorn tubs. https://www.instagram.com/p/BJT9vXygdzL/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Another decided to really lean into the summer vibe by filling up a hollowed-out watermelon: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJTnhaMj_1f/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Yet another totally thought outside the box and got their Slurpee in a light bulb! https://www.instagram.com/p/BMjIPk9BhBQ/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Looking for more end-of-summer deals? For a limited time, you can get a free medium shake, sundae or frappe from McDonald's with any purchase. All you have to do is download the company's app and scan the coupon code at checkout. Just in time for back-to-school, Amazon is offering snack sample boxes that are perfect for lunch boxes. For $9.99, you can get a box of ten or more snacks such as chips, nuts and granola bars. In return, you get an equivalent credit toward a future purchase of select products from Amazon. These great deals make the end of summer not so bad after all!
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
June brought more declines in sales and prices to the Toronto real estate market, but are we in the midst of a soft landing or the beginning of a housing crash? Fortunately, the data suggests that the former is more likely.
Based on Toronto Real Estate Board (TREB) data for June, sales of homes were 37.7 per cent lower compared to June of last year. This was the steepest monthly decline in the downtrend of the last three months (down by 3.2 percent in April and another 20.3 percent in May). Single-detached home sales fell 45.0 percent in June (26.3 percent in May) while condominium apartment sales were off 23.4 percent (6.4 percent in May).
At the same time, the supply of new home listings is still running at a higher rate than last year–up by 15.9 percent in June (33.6 percent in April and 48.9 percent in May). As a result of growing supply (new listings) and sharply declining demand (sales), home prices declined on a month-to-month basis for the second month in a row: 8.1 percent in June following a 6.0 percent decline in May. On a year-over-year basis however, home prices were still up by 6.3 percent in June 2017 (14.9 percent in May).
TREB claims that there are two main reasons for the moderation in year-over-year home price growth:
“A better supplied market has certainly been a key factor influencing the moderation in price growth. However, the average selling price has also been impacted by the fact that the greatest home sales declines were for more expensive home types, most notably detached houses. This means the change in the mix of homes sold this past June compared to a year earlier has also had a substantial impact on the overall average selling price.”
Indeed both factors played a role but in relative terms, the weight is strongly on the “better-supplied market,” i.e., the sharply increasing new home listings. The second reason (the mix of homes sold) shows that in June this year 43.9 percent of sales were detached units while in June last year the comparable share was 50.2 percent–a difference but not a huge one.
Looking ahead, summer months traditionally bring a slowdown in real estate business, but is the slowdown more likely to affect sales or new listings? This is a crucial question and the answer will ultimately determine the fate of home prices. In order to shed more light on the matter, the table below shows a month-to-month change in sales, new listings and prices. Although month-to-month changes are affected by seasonality (real estate business traditionally peaks in the spring), we can ignore seasonality in this case as we are interested only in the relative differences in the rates of change of sales and new listings (rather than the absolute volumes). Furthermore, there is no valid reason to believe that seasonality affects sales more than new listings.
After peaking in March 2017, home sales were on a steep declining trend in the following three months as buyers started to doubt the sustainability of strongly rising home prices. In contrast, new home listings kept on rising in April and May as sellers remained mainly oblivious to buyers' new sentiments. However, June brought a turnaround–new listings not only dropped for the first time this year but the drop was steeper than for sales (24.1 vs. 21.8 percent).
This is good news as it indicates that former discrepancy in expectations between buyers and sellers is disappearing and that more balance is returning to the market (the lack of balance in the first half of the year was directly reflected in recently declining home prices). Sellers will most probably continue to catch up with buyers' sentiments during the summer months because sellers, similar to buyers before them, should remain skeptical for more than just a month. Thus as new listings continue to decline in the coming months, the rate of decline in home prices will moderate and the market can reasonably expect a “soft landing” this summer.
CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa captain Faf du Plessis has been ruled out of the remainder of the one-day and Twenty20 series against India due to a fractured finger.
The injury could also sideline the 33-year-old from the first two tests against Australia next month.
It is another injury blow for the Proteas, who have already lost AB de Villiers due to a finger injury for the first three matches of the 50-over series against India.
Du Plessis fractured their right index finger in the six wicket loss to India in the opening ODI in Durban on Thursday, a match in which they scored 120 runs to anchor the home innings.
They will be out of action for between three and six weeks, Cricket South Africa said in a statement on Friday, leaving them in a race against time to be fit for the first of four tests against Australia that start on March 1.
Farhaan Behardien has been called into the limited overs squad as a replacement, while the Proteas have also added uncapped Heinrich Klaasen as a reserve wicketkeeper-batsman.
There are five more ODIs in the series against India followed by three Twenty20 internationals.
April 28 OLVI OYJ:
* Q1 NET SALES EUR 71.2 MILLION VERSUS EUR 62.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* Q1 OPERATING PROFIT EUR 6.2 MILLION VERSUS EUR 4.4 MILLION YEAR AGO
* RETAINS OUTLOOK FOR 2017 PRESENTED IN CONNECTION WITH DISCLOSURE OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR 2016
* ESTIMATES THAT GROUP'S SALES VOLUME AND NET SALES FOR 2017 WILL INCREASE SLIGHTLY COMPARED TO PREVIOUS YEAR
* OPERATING PROFIT FOR 2017 IS ESTIMATED TO BE ON A PAR WITH PREVIOUS YEAR. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- A father of two young girls fought off a gunman during a Craigslist sale at their Virginia home on New Year's Eve.
CJ Harris said they placed an ad on Craigslist after their Pit bull, "Bella," had eight puppies.
They said a man responded to the ad Tuesday and drove to Harris' home to purchase two of them.
"The first time there was no problem," Harris told WTVR. "He gave me the money, then they called me the next day and asked if I had any puppies left." "My baby girl was sitting in the high chair and luckily my wife had picked them up before the shooting commenced," they said. "The bullet went right through the high chair."
Harris explained the man returned to their home, but brought along two other men and a gun.
"They gave me the money and I went into the kitchen put the money in the drawer," they said. "I came back into the living room, they point a gun at me and says, 'We have to have that back.'"
They said their three-year-old daughter was standing just feet away from the gunman in the living room, while their wife and 16-month-old were hiding in the kitchen.
Harris said they then began fighting the man who eventually ran out the door with the puppies while shooting at their family.
"My baby girl was sitting in the high chair and luckily my wife had picked them up before the shooting commenced," they said. "The bullet went right through the high chair."
A bullet grazed Harris along the thigh, but they did not need medical attention. Bullets went through the walls and the refrigerator.
Harris said the shooting was a wake-up call and wanted to warn the public to be safer while organizing online sales.
"Be careful who you invite in your house," they said. "Definitely don't invite anybody in your house through Craigslist and do the sales in public places."
Police said they continue to investigate and search for the suspects.
Ricciardo arrives in Melbourne ahead of Grand Prix The West Australian
The Duncraig born and raised celebrity pro driver hoping to improve on last year's disappointment.
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline Pause
4:08 One year after deadly SC flooding, see how the dams failed across the Midlands
1:48 Man accused of chaining woman has Facebook posts about missing people, moving large amounts of gravel
9:14 Sheriff and coroner share update on Todd Kohlhepp case
0:57 Woodruff woman said they almost dated suspect who allegedly chained woman to storage container
1:30 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
5:56 Surviving an active shooter situation using 'Run. Hide Fight.'
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
Russia said on Friday a decision by a Greek court to clear the way for a suspected Russian money launderer to be extradited to the United States was a violation of international law.
Russia has also lodged an extradition request and its Foreign Ministry said on Friday that submission should take priority because the suspect, Alexander Vinnik, is a Russian citizen.
A Greek court cleared the way on Wednesday for Vinnik, the alleged mastermind of a $4 billion bitcoin laundering ring, to be sent to the United States where they face up to 55 years in prison.
Vinnik, who denies the charges against him, is one of seven Russians arrested or indicted on US cybercrime charges so far this year.
“We believe the (Greek) verdict is unjust and violates the basics of the international law,” the Russian ministry said in a statement.
The Greek court's decision could be appealed and must ultimately be approved by the Greek Justice Minister.
A hearing date for the Russian extradition request has been set for Oct 11, RIA news agency cited Vinnik's lawyer as saying. Vinnik also denies the Russian charges but has agreed to be sent back to Russia.
Gambling is regarded to become an activity that includes betting on the outcome of a contest, playing a game for cash, or paying for the opportunity to enter a lottery. It truly is an incredibly old form of entertainment and one that can be with us so long as we continue betting. The pleasure of gambling comes in the very real threat of losing even your most prized possession. Around the opposite side, gambling comes from wagering valuables or material issues one particular can not afford to lose. Within a nutshell, gambling although how entertaining it truly is has its personal benefits and disadvantages. Get additional information about agen sbobet
Gambling, which most people would really appreciate, could be of quite a few different forms which include scratch tickets, pull tab tickets, bingo games, mahjong, charity raffles, lottery tickets, betting on sports games or casino games.
Casino games can be viewed as most typical among people and it really is commonly played in nearly each country around the planet. In recent times people today may very well be entertained by just playing casino games online. Online casinos, also considered as world-wide-web or virtual casinos are online adaptations of regular casinos that many people liked playing quite a few years ago.
A casino game is related with the land-based casinos that offer odds and payback percentages. A few of them claim higher payback percentages for slot machine games and make recognized to men and women payout percentage on their websites or homepages. The payout percentage for the games, getting played by gamblers is established by the rules in the game.
Right now, most of the people appear to be bombarded with a great deal of unfavorable factors. Because of this, they would actually take up gambling even though just from time for you to time yet soon it becomes their habits.
Gambling is undeniably exciting and casinos build an exhilarating atmosphere, and there's usually that slim possibility of winning a fortune. Today what ever game you desire playing, the casinos accessible online could constantly deliver you entertaining and excitement. It is uncomplicated to find virtual casinos and for those who have already chosen the game you wish to bet on then you definitely must get ready and make a deposit, you will be entitled for some terrific 1st deposit bonuses for positive.You'll find numerous online casinos that could deliver players absolutely free casino credits which might be credited into their real player account after they have met all wagering requirements.
Several online casinos with no deposits could deliver players free of charge bonuses to attempt out the casino games readily available. Some casinos offer you or give players as much as $150 of cost-free bonuses but on the other hand, the normal amount a casino could give is amongst $10 up to $25 only. Most online casinos have their own verification approach to create certain the gambler or the person playing is genuinely the 1 whom registered. That is to make sure their protection.
New Jersey remains in the middle of the national pack when it comes to its healthcare system, according to a new national report, but it can do more to improve preventative care, reduce the number of elderly patients readmitted to the hospital within a month, and control the cost of medical treatment, among other things.
The Commonwealth Fund's 2018 state healthcare scorecard ranked the Garden State 25th in its review of healthcare performance in the 50 states and Washington, D.C., a decline of two places from last year's standing. But New Jersey lags behind its neighbors, with all other states in the Northeast scoring higher, including Massachusetts at number 2 and Vermont at number 4.
New Jersey did well on providing access to care, ranking 14th overall; fifth, when it came to covering kids; and third in the amount of money paid by employee-based insurance plans. It came in 19th for promoting healthy lives in general, and seventh for its low infant-mortality rate. (The data accounts for the total infant mortality rate and not racial disparities; black babies are more than three times more likely to die here than white ones, a growing focus for state and healthcare officials.)
Click here for the full article »
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
1:13 USC commit spotlight: Damani Staley transitions to linebacker
A new report has been published by Transparency Market Research, titled “Feminine Hygiene Products Market – Asia Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2014 – 2020”. TMR, a market intelligence company based in the U.S., states that the Asia Pacific feminine hygiene products market stood at US$12,733.7 million in 2014 and is expected to reach US$20,414.2 million in 2020, growing at an 8.2% CAGR between 2014 and 2020.
Browse full Feminine Hygiene Products Market – Asia Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2014 – 2020 report at https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/asia-pacific-feminine-hygiene-products-market.html
The term feminine hygiene refers to personal care products which are utilized by women during menstruation and hair removal as well as during the intimate hygiene regimen. There are a large number of factors fuelling the demand for feminine hygiene products. There is a rise in demand for different sizes of sanitary products and similar products which possess a great capacity for fluid retention. These products also provide exclusive protection by preventing side leakage and hence are highly preferred in Asia Pacific.
Moreover the increasing awareness on sanitation, and urbanization are also stimulating the demand for feminine hygiene products in Asia Pacific. Likewise, the increase in consumer preferences for advanced products, rising health concerns, and a fast life, are amongst the factors responsible for the rising inclination of the consumers towards the utilization of convenient and handy sanitary products. The report states that there are a variety of these products available in the feminine hygiene products market, namely tampons, sanitary pads, internal cleansers, menstrual cups, shields, and pantiliners. Amongst these, sanitary pads are the most widely used products in feminine hygiene during menstruation. Sanitary pads come in a variety of shapes, sizes, and absorption levels.
Request Brochure https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=3959
On the basis of geography, the Asia Pacific feminine hygiene products market is segmented into 12 countries, namely, China, Australia, India, Hong Kong, Japan, Indonesia, New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, Philippines, Thailand, and South Korea. The report segments each of these countries by product type, distribution channel.Among these, China dominated the market in 2014 by representing the biggest share and was trailed by Japan.
Due to increasing hygiene consciousness and awareness in China, consumers utilize expensive and premium quality sanitary products such as shields, tampons, pantiliners, blades, and disposable razors, instead of utilizing conventional products. Due to this fact, manufacturers are consistently investing in the introduction of new and improved products with enhanced qualities, and using innovative advertising efforts to supplement their investments.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=3959
According to this report, Japan's consumers are seen to be more conscious about leading a healthy life and females here have a more active role in the society. Hence, they utilize numerous kinds of sanitary products to stay fresh and active during menstruation.
Likewise, the utilization of sanitary products is also predicted to rise in other countries during the forecast period.General merchandize retail outlets, variety stores, and dollar stores are amongst the most prevalent channels of distribution for feminine hygiene products. Supermarkets and hypermarkets are predicted to be the leading distributors, trailed by department stores and convenience stores till 2020.
The suspect who ignited a bomb in a popular subway corridor near Times Square in Manhattan on Monday morning was influenced by Daesh propaganda online and told investigators that they set off the bomb in retaliation to US and Israeli airstrikes in the Middle East.
The 27-year-old suspect, identified by authorities as Akayed Ullah, is a Bangladeshi immigrant who lived in Brooklyn. They reportedly had a pipe bomb attached to their body "with a combination of velcro and trip ties" that was packed with explosive powder, according to James O'Neill, commissioner of the New York Police Department. Although the bomb ignited, it did not explode.
Ullah told law enforcement officials that they chose the subway passageway near the Port Authority bus terminal as the location for their attack because of its Christmas-themed posters. The suspect also told officials that they were upset over recent Israeli actions in Gaza and the deaths of Muslims, but did not specify to which incursions they were referring.
During their questioning by authorities, Ullah pledged allegiance to Daesh and admitted that they intended for the attack to be a suicide bombing. However, officials have said that it doesn't appear that Ullah has had direct contact with Daesh.
The reference to Christmas as a motive for their choice of location is reminiscent of the Berlin Christmas market attack last year, where a Daesh-motivated attacker plowed a truck through a crowd of people, killing 12. Daesh has also explicitly warned of Christmas attacks with ominous posters on the group's social media accounts.
Ullah also told officials that they learned how to make the explosive device by following instructions online and constructed it in their apartment. They made the bomb from a pipe they found at a job site close to Port Authority Bus Terminal, around 39th Street and Eighth Avenue, a nine-volt battery, matches and Christmas lights that they all purchased himself.
According to New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, it appears that Ullah acted alone. "All we know of is one individual who, thank God, was unsuccessful in their aims," de Blasio said.
The attacker was the only person who was gravely injured, suffering burns to their hands and abdomen.  They are currently at Bellevue Hospital Center, according to Daniel A. Nigro, commissioner of the New York Police Department. Three other people suffered minor injuries.
The New York Post reported that the first police that arrived at the scene of the attack Monday morning prevented the bomber from reaching for their cell phone when they saw Ullah on the ground with wires coming out from their jacket to their pants, for fear that the cell phone could act as a detonation device — a possibility they had learned about through training programs.
Hasan Alam, who used to be Ullah's neighbor, said they had lost contact with Ullah since they moved about a year ago.
© AP Photo/ Bebeto Matthews 'We Were Just Doing Our Job': Police Officer Who Stopped NY Terrorist Speaks Out
"I'm actually very shocked," Alam said. "Because they were a religious person and very quiet, not very outgoing," NBC News reported.
Alan Butrico, who owns a residential building next to the building where Ullah and their family live, said that Ullah lived in the basement, while their sister lives on the first floor and their brother lives on the top floor. Neighbors told Butrico that they heard fighting and shouting coming from Ullah's building during the past two nights.
Another neighbor who said they had not seen Ullah in months told the Telegraph that even though Ullah and their family observed Islamic customs, they did not see any signs of extremism.
"They're really nice people. This is shocking," said the neighbor, Arlene Jograj, a teacher. "We all know each other. We have block parties. I've been over there for dinner parties after Ramadan. We're a really tight-knit street," they said.
Ullah moved to the US from Bangladesh in 2011.  They are a legal permanent resident with a green card and had a valid cab driver's license from March 2012 to March 2015, according to a spokesperson for the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission. However, there are no records revealing that they actually worked as a cab driver. At the time of the attack, they were working as an electrician.
EDDIE JONES HAS fanned the flames of a club versus country row by telling Bruce Craig that the Bath owner has no business criticising their England training regime.
Ben Te'o became the latest player to be injured while with the England squad after the Rugby Football Union announced on Wednesday that the Worcester centre had been ruled out of next month's three-Test tour of South Africa.
The player aggravated a thigh problem they first suffered during the Six Nations Championship when taking part in a weights session last week.
That took the total number of players injured in camps since Jones took over as England coach after the 2015 World Cup to 15, with five of those coming from Bath.
Beno Obano, the Bath loosehead prop, could be out for up to a year after rupturing ligaments and muscles in their knee and hamstring a fortnight ago during an England training camp in Brighton.
Even more seriously, Wasps flanker Sam Jones had to retire aged just 26 earlier this year after suffering an ankle injury wrestling Maro Itoje during a judo session at a training camp in October 2016.
The RFU could yet face legal action from Jones, who did not receive the full safety briefing and was sent to hospital in a taxi.
Craig said the number of injuries sustained by players while with England is “totally unacceptable”, insisting “there has got to be significant questions asked about duty of care”, and adding “what is going on in the camp?”.
But Jones, a former head coach of both their native Australia and Japan, insisted they had no qualms about the methods they employed to get players ready for the often brutal rigours of international rugby union.
“I don't have any concerns. We train appropriately for Test match rugby,” Jones told Sky Sports.
“The only reason I'd alter it is if we need to train harder, or we need to train lighter, to be at our best for Test matches.
“We prepare players for Test matches. I don't think anyone at a club has the right to tell a coach how to train a Test team.”
Ben Te'o has been ruled out of the summer tour to South Africa. Source: David Rogers - RFU
Jones also told BBC Radio: “I haven't seen any figures to suggest the number of injuries are unacceptable.
“No-one on our staff has suggested they are, but Bruce is obviously an expert in training-ground injuries, so I'll have to be subservient to their greater knowledge,” the Australian added sarcastically.
Te'o, who was in line to start at outside centre in the series opener against the Springboks at Johannesburg's Ellis Park on 9 June, is now facing surgery but should be fit for the start of the 2018/19 European season.
“Benny was tight after a weights session — during the weights session when they were doing a lift they felt some tightness about their knee,” Jones said.
“He was scanned and it showed they had an old tear from the Six Nations game against France, and therefore it was too big a risk to take them on tour.”
Meanwhile, there are concerns over Billy Vunipola's fitness, with the return of the No 8 from a fractured arm followed by persistent hamstring trouble.
Vunipola was on the field for nearly an hour of Saracens' victory over Exeter in the English Premiership final at Twickenham last weekend but the powerhouse loose forward could still miss the first Test against South Africa.
“We still have a concern over their hamstring and how fit they are going to be,” Jones said.
“We have gone through a long period without Billy and while he's a great player we have been able to cope without him,.
“We want them back in the side, but if he's not we will work out another way to play.”
England finished a hugely disappointing fifth in this season's Six Nations, after back-to-back titles, and are now on a run of four straight defeats following a 63-45 loss to the Barbarians in a non-cap international match at Twickenham on Sunday.
© – AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Former Seattle Seahawks defensive end Cliff Avril applauded Kam Chancellor's decision to walk away from the game with respect to their neck injury.
"He's making the right decision," the 32-year-old Avril said of their former teammate on SiriusXM Blitz. "No one wants to leave the game on someone else's terms, I guess, in a sense.
"But at the same time, your health is way more important than any of this stuff. What good does it do for you to play this game for a long time, make a lot of money, but then at the end of it, you can't enjoy it? So for him, I think that's the approach he's taking right now and I can appreciate that, where he's at with that.
"He's going to continue to do great things, I believe. But them leaving the game right now, unfortunately it's too early, but he's a heck of a ball player and everybody will definitely remember him."
Chancellor took to Twitter on Sunday to announce that it's "time for the next chapter" of their life after test results on their injured neck showed no improvement.
Although Chancellor never used the word "retirement" in their long social media post, all signs point to the four-time Pro Bowl safety never playing another down for the Seahawks.
"To walk away from the game by choice is one thing, to walk away from the game because of the risk of paralysis is another," the 30-year-old Chancellor tweeted.
Last season, Chancellor was limited to a career-low nine games because of the neck injury suffered in November during a game against the Arizona Cardinals.
A fifth-round draft pick in 2010 out of Virginia Tech, Chancellor spent their entire playing career in Seattle and won one Super Bowl ring when the Seahawks took down the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII.
In 109 career games, Chancellor totaled 434 tackles, 12 interceptions and three fumble recoveries.
Avril was released by the Seahawks with a failed physical designation on May 4. They sustained a neck injury last October, after which Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll said the pass-rush specialist would have a "hard time playing football again."
A third-round pick (92nd overall) by Detroit in 2008, Avril played five seasons with the Lions before signing with the Seahawks in 2013. They have collected 74 sacks in 140 games over 10 seasons and was selected to the 2016 Pro Bowl.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- One of two people accused of neglecting their baby in Lackawanna County is headed to prison.
Gerard Nealon of Scranton was sentenced Thursday to nine months to two years behind bars.
They pleaded guilty last year to child endangerment.
Authorities say Nealon and the child's mother failed to get medical care soon enough for their son who was suffering from severe malnutrition, liver and kidney damage.
Observers questioned Mrs Trump's choice of project given that their husband berates people on Twitter.
Observers questioned Mrs Trump's choice of project given that their husband berates people on Twitter.
US first lady Melania Trump is hosting executives from major online and social media companies to discuss cyberbullying and being safe on the internet.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, they identified online bullying as the issue they would pursue as first lady if Donald Trump were elected.
Tuesday's White House meeting will mark their first public event on the issue, and it comes more than a year after Mrs. Trump's announcement.
Some observers questioned their choice of project given that their husband often berates people on Twitter.
The White House said the first lady was looking forward to discussing both the positive and negative ways the internet is influencing children.
Amazon, Snap, Facebook, Google and Twitter are among the companies that were expected to attend the meeting.
LONDON (AP) — Here are words millions of readers have waited many years to hear: Lyra Belacqua, and their daemon, are back.
The irrepressible young hero of Philip Pullman's fantasy trilogy “His Dark Materials” returns in a new novel being published in Britain and the U.S. on Oct. 19, the first part of a new three-book series collectively entitled “The Book of Dust.”
For readers and booksellers, this is news to rival the discovery of a new Harry Potter story. “His Dark Materials” has sold more than 17.5 million copies around the world. It spawned a Hollywood movie, “The Golden Compass,” and a hit stage adaptation.
Published between 1995 and 2000, the first three novels – “Northern Lights,” ”The Subtle Knife” and “The Amber Spyglass” – took Lyra from their home at Oxford University's ancient Jordan College to the North Pole and into parallel worlds on a twisting, hazardous quest. (The first book was retitled “The Golden Compass” in North America).
In Lyra's intriguingly unfamiliar world, Victorian-style technology mixes with advanced science and society is overshadowed by an oppressive religious hierarchy known as the Magisterium. Humans live alongside witches and armored polar bears, and every person is accompanied by an animal companion known as a daemon (pronounced demon) – essentially their soul made flesh.
Yet the 70-year-old Pullman hesitates to call their books fantasy.
“I prefer to think I am writing realism,” they said. “I'm writing realism about a different place.”
Speaking to The Associated Press from their home in Oxford, Pullman scrupulously guards the secrets of the new book. Even its title has yet to be disclosed.
The new book begins a decade before the start of the original trilogy, but Pullman says is not a prequel. Nor is it a sequel. Pullman prefers to call it an “equel,” or companion story.
“The first part will deal with something that happened when Lyra was less than 1 year old,” they said. “So in that sense she's the center of the story, but she's not actually an agent in the story.  They are acted upon, so to speak, by other people who are very important.
“The second part, which will come out later, will deal with events when Lyra is about 20.”
There's a new hero – a boy readers have encountered before “if we were paying attention” – and “a terrifying adventure that takes them into a new world.” Multiple worlds abound in Pullman's complex, philosophically rich fictional multiverse.
And Pullman says we will learn a lot more about the nature of Dust, a mysterious substance loathed by the religious authorities in “His Dark Materials.”
“The Book of Dust,” published in the U.S. by Random House Children's and in the U.K. by Penguin Random House Children's and David Fickling Books, is likely to be one of the autumn's biggest sellers.
James Daunt, managing director of Britain's Waterstone's book store chain, says Pullman ranks with J.K. Rowling in their impact on publishing and reading.
Daunt said a generation of young readers “read first Harry Potter, then the complex, gripping and provocative ‘His Dark Materials.'”
“Other books, other authors make claims and bring huge rewards, but these two imprint on everyone who calls themselves a reader,” Daunt said.
For fans, the mischievous Lyra is one of fiction's great child characters, up there with Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn and Scout Finch from Harper Lee's “To Kill a Mockingbird.”
Pullman calls them “this awkward, difficult, prying, nosy, lying, greedy, untrustworthy child.”
“She's not a special child,” they said. “She's not divinely gifted or anything like that. But they do have certain characteristics that lead them into trouble and which help them get out of trouble.”
Some critics have ranked Pullman's trilogy alongside J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy saga “The Lord of the Rings,” though they don't particularly like the comparison.
In Tolkien's Middle Earth, they say, “what's good is good and what's bad is bad and there isn't very much discussion about it.”
Pullman prefers fantasy which wrestles with moral ambiguity and has “one foot firmly in this world.”
 They are also often contrasted with C.S. Lewis, whose saga “The Chronicles of Narnia” has large doses of Christian allegory.
Pullman has called themselves an atheist, and some Christian groups have objected to their negative depiction of organized religion. “His Dark Materials” has been pulled from some Catholic school library shelves in Canada and the United States over the years.
Pullman says they think most objections to their books come from people who haven't read them. “His Dark Materials” took its title form John Milton's biblical epic poem “Paradise Lost,” and Pullman's saga has a searching spirituality running alongside its mistrust of organized religion.
They say “The Book of Dust” centers on “the struggle between a despotic and totalitarian organization, which wants to stifle speculation and inquiry, and those who believe thought and speech should be free.”
Global events make that a more pressing and urgent struggle than ever. Pullman says they don't try to draw overt parallels with the real world, but “they are always present in my mind.”
“Why do we vote into power people who seem to have the interests of themselves and other large, powerful people in mind rather than ours?” they said. “Why do we vote to do something so obviously self-destructive as leaving the European Union?
“I might not be writing about Donald Trump or Brexit or Nigel Farage directly in ‘The Book of Dust,'” they added, but the “questions they pose and the situations they set up are very much part of the world that I'm writing about.”
—
Jill Lawless on Twitter: http://Twitter.com/JillLawless
Comments
comments
Five Fostoria residents — including three children — were injured Saturday in a two-vehicle crash on Ohio 12.
According to a representative with the Fremont Post of the Ohio State Highway Patrol, Frankie W. Schaffier II, 59, was traveling northbound on North Township Road 47 around 12:30 p.m. in a 1999 Cadillac El Dorado when they made a rolling stop and continued through the intersection.
A 2007 Chrysler Town and Country, driven by Caitlin Wood, 24, was traveling southwest on Ohio 12 and struck the Cadillac.
Schaffier, Wood and Wood's three juvenile passengers — all under the age of 6 — were transported to ProMedica Fostoria Community Hospital via Fostoria Fire Department's squads with non-incapacitating injuries.
The representative stated one juvenile had a cut on their face and all of them were in proper child safety seats. Their names were not released.
Schaffier, who was not wearing their seatbelt, was cited for a stop sign violation as well as a seatbelt violation.
Ohio 12 was temporarily closed from County Road 592 to North Township Road 45 and a Community Emergency Response Team assisted with directing traffic.
Kansas Volunteer Fire Department, Reinhart Auto Body and Triple J Towing & Recovery also assisted at the scene.
Comments
comments
OTTAWA — The reverend for a church in the rural Ottawa community of Bearbrook is calling for the return of a bell they suspect was stolen for scrap metal last week.
Rev. Margo Whittaker says it's not clear exactly when on May 21 the 100-kilogram bell was taken from Trinity Anglican Church, but they say how it was stolen became evident when a piece of it was found on the church grounds later that day.
They say a handyman for the church found the piece of the bell on the ground, then climbed the belfry to discover it was missing.
Whittaker says the handyman then spoke to the groundskeeper, who recalled filling up a hole beside the church that was the same shape as a bell.
They say they believe at least two people used a ladder to climb up to the belfry, detach the bell and drop it to the ground, before making a getaway.
Whittaker says members of the congregation are "very upset," adding that the church has been in the community for more than 120 years.
"There are a lot of people who have history here," they said. "We have a huge cemetery and there are hundreds of people who have relatives buried in the cemetery on the church ground, and we would like to ring the bell at the cemetery service, which is coming up on Father's Day."
They said the congregation is praying that whoever took the bell will have a change of heart, or that someone will give information that will lead to its return.
"There are stories of church bells being stolen and then church bells being found," Whittaker said. "It's not unprecedented ... and that gives me hope."
Ottawa police said they have received a report on the alleged theft and investigators are checking local scrapyards.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice'
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
Anthony Davis scored 43 points and became the Pelicans' career scoring leader as New Orleans beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 114-100 on Friday night.
The 24-year-old Davis passed David West on the franchise list and has 8,702 points. They made 17 of 34 shots and had 10 rebounds.
E'Twaun Moore added 26 points for the Pelicans.
New Orleans had lost two straight since All-Star DeMarcus Cousins was lost for the season with a left Achilles tendon rupture. They righted the ship by shooting 51 percent from the field against the Thunder.
Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook had 16 points, 14 assists and 10 rebounds for their 16th triple-double of the season. Steven Adams had 23 points and 12 rebounds for the Thunder, who lost their third straight after an eight-game winning streak.
Westbrook approached a triple-double in the first half with nine points, nine assists and seven rebounds to help the Thunder take a 58-54 lead at the break.
The Pelicans seized momentum early in the third quarter. New Orleans led 97-89 in the fourth when Westbrook checked back in after a rest.
Westbrook made a 3-pointer with just under two minutes remaining to cut the lead to seven, but Davis hit a 3-pointer at the other end, then made another shortly after that to put the game out of reach.
Adams scored 13 points on 6-for-9 shooting in the first half. Adams reached 3,000 career points. They joined Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka as the only Thunder players with at least 3,000 career points and 350 career blocks.
The Thunder host the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday at 1 p.m.
NBC makes "Saturday Night Live" live this week everywhere across the continental United States — including here in Utah.
KSL-Ch. 5 will air it on Saturday at 9:30 p.m. — an hour earlier than usual.
There's no change in the Eastern and Central Time Zones, where stations have always aired "SNL" live at 11:30 p.m./10:30 p.m.
But here in the Mountain Time Zone and on the West Coast, the show has always aired tape-delayed. Not so tonight.
(There will be a bit of a delay, as always, so the censor can hit the mute button if necessary.)
KSL deserves a pat on the back for agreeing to this. It will, of course, mess with the station's late newscast. Ch. 5 will air its local news at 9 p.m. on Saturday, an hour earlier than usual.
“You will have to recognize that the total enormity of the loss is such that you will never be able to repay it. … But you can make something of your life. You are not beyond redemption,” Anderson said. “… You maybe have more reasons than anyone else to try to make something of your life … be a good man, be a responsible man, and think before you act and free yourself of any addiction.”
Cannington apartment fire causes $800,000 damage The West Australian
Residents were evacuated after a fire started on the sixth floor.
Exciting prospect Tom Baldwin is a bolter to play for WA in their opening match of the National Under-18s Championships against South Australia on Sunday after impressing in two recent trial games.
Baldwin is one of four Great Southern footballers in the WA State 18s academy but the 17-year-old has rocketed into calculations for their trip to South Australia, being brought into the program after the first intake of players.
The State 18s have played two trial games in the past fortnight and Baldwin has played a strong role across half-back to help boost their prospects of selection for the first match, with the travelling squad expected to be announced by today.
Baldwin, who hails from Jerramungup and played senior football for Royals last year, will be in line to play alongside fellow Great Southern product Jordan Clark.
Clark has played multiple roles in the two trial games and is also a strong chance to line-up for WA in the match at Alberton Oval on Sunday afternoon.
Claremont talent development officer Warren Parker said Baldwin was firming to be on the plane to South Australia.
“I'm really pleased with Tom's performances so far,” Parker said.
“Especially after missing the first intake and coming into the program a week later, they took that well and played a really good game to get the call-up.
“He's forced their hand a bit with their performances, we certainly rate them highly but I'd say he'll be right up there (to be selected).”
Clark played colts football with Railways before moving to Guildford Grammar.
“I'm really confident that Clarky will get the call-up,” Parker said.
“He's been playing all over the place in the trial games.
“I'm not sure in terms of position where they are thinking with them but he's right in the mix to play.”
The news comes after top Claremont midfielder and Great Southern product Tyron Smallwood suffered a broken jaw in the first trial match, ruling them out of at least the first two championship matches.
Smallwood and underage tall Anthony Davies from Borden are the other two local footballers in the State 18s squad.
WA face South Australia at 2pm on Sunday before returning home where they will play Vic Metro on June 19 at Optus Stadium.
Meanwhile, in the Great Southern Football League this weekend, North Albany and the Tigers will do battle in a top of the table clash on Sunday.
The Tigers are chasing six successive wins to start the season and appear set to face a near full-strength Kangas outfit at Collingwood Park.
In Saturday's fixtures, the Lions and Mt Barker do battle at Centennial Stadium while Denmark-Walpole host Albany at McLean Park.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Supreme Court is leaving in place a ruling that revived two federal lawsuits stemming from the lead-tainted water crisis in Flint, Michigan.
The Supreme Court declined Monday to get involved in the cases, leaving in place a decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The appeals court ruled in July 2017 that a federal trial court had improperly dismissed federal civil rights claims in the lawsuits, which were brought by Flint residents. The trial court ruled that a federal law called the Safe Drinking Water Act precluded those claims, but the appeals court disagreed.
The Supreme Court's decision not to get involved means the cases will return to the trial court to move forward. Other similar lawsuits are also at the trial court level.
Last weekend, the Boring Company offered 20,000 novelty flamethrowers for sale. By Thursday, all 20,000 had sold out. But now Elon Musk says the company has hit an obstacle.
"Some customs agencies are saying they won't allow shipment of anything called a 'Flamethrower,'" Musk tweeted on Friday night. "To solve this, we are renaming it 'Not a Flamethrower.'"
To be fair, that might be a more accurate label. As Ars Technica's Ron Amadeo wrote earlier this week, the Boring Company's "flamethrower" looks like it's "nothing more than a propane torch with fancy styling."
Military-grade flamethrowers can project flames 30 to 100 feet. The Boring Company's device is designed to shoot flames less than 10 feet. Conveniently, that makes it compliant with a California law regulating sales of flame-throwing devices with a range higher than that amount. But it also means that calling it a flamethrower in the first place is a bit of a stretch.
Musk is apparently making things up as they go along here. In a follow-up tweet, Musk suggested they might dub the novelty product a "Temperature Enhancement Device" instead to satisfy customs officials.
Musk also announced that purchasers of these $500 flamethrowers—or whatever they wind up calling them—will come packaged with a free Boring Company fire extinguisher. They'll also come with individual serial numbers.
The good news from Gov. Phil Murphy's budget proposal is that nearly all New Jersey public school districts would share in the $283 million in addition aid they recommended.
The bad news is that almost 92 percent of those districts are getting less money than they are supposed to under the state's school-funding formula. According to data released by the state Department of Education, districts are getting about $809 million — or 9 percent — less than they should under the 2008 School Funding Reform Act. And those numbers include caps allowed by the law. Were caps not in place, the underfunding of the SFRA would be even higher, though by how much is unclear, as the DOE did not release that data.
Under Murphy's recommendation, 510 districts will get less than the School Funding Reform Act calls for next year. (The governor promised on the campaign trail that they would fully fund the formula, although they also said it would take some time.) SFRA is a 2008 law linking state aid to student need, with an “adequacy budget” for each district based on factors such as special education, English-language learners, and at-risk low-income students. The state Supreme Court upheld the SFRA in 2009, so despite arguments that it is flawed, it is state law.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Alexandre Arnault is starting to build out their team at Rimowa.
They have appointed Hector Muelas, who rose to prominence in fashion as chief image officer at Donna Karan International, as chief brand officer of the German luggage maker.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut broke their own world record on Wednesday by eating 74 hot dogs in 10 minutes to claim their 11th Nathan's hot dog eating contest title.
The judges originally counted 64 hot dogs, but it was later revealed that an entire plate wasn't counted. Chestnut would have won regardless.
Chestnut, who ate a then-record 72 dogs last summer, fended off 20 other eaters at New York's Coney Island boardwalk for the annual Independence Day competition. Carmen Cincotti came in second but wasn't close to stealing the mustard belt from Chestnut, who is ranked No. 1 in the world by the Major League Eating.
Miki Sudo won their fifth women's title in a row, downing 37 hot dogs. They beat out 19 other women, including record-holder Sonya Thomas.
The event, televised on ESPN, attracts thousands of in-person spectators and has rivaled sporting events for its competitive flair.
Chestnut was a favorite in sports betting circles to win another mustard belt, as bookmakers told ESPN more than $1 million was bet on the annual eating contest across the offshore sportsbook industry.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd at the event. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Scranton Chapter of the PIAA Officials are having a fundraiser for Marty Boyer, a wrestling and football official who is battling Cancer. The benefit will take place at the Clarks Summit Fire Company, Saturday March 24 from 24. Tickets are $25, and include food and drink. There will be a silent auction for sports memorabilia.
A phenomenal 700,000-year-old ancient dwarf elephant (Stegodon) fossil has been found in Banjarejo Village, Grobogan Regency, Central Java, a conservation agency announced on Wednesday.
Sangiran Ancient Human Site Conservation Agency (BPSMP) considered the discovery to be an extraordinary find, even more so because the dwarf elephant fossil was found fully intact, including its 4-meters-long ivory tusks.
“This is a phenomenal discovery. We assume that this fossil is a Stegodon elephant and we will conduct further study. The important thing is that the fossil is intact and is unearthed in one excavation site,” BPSMP Sangiran chief Sukronedi said.
The fossil of the ancient and rare species was first found by a 70-year-old farmer, Rusdi, while they were digging for a well in their field on June 8.
At the depth of 1.5 meters, Rusdi reportedly saw an elephant skull, which was two to three times bigger than the modern elephant's. They immediately reported the discovery to the village hall.
Banjarejo village chief Ahmad Taufik said that following the report locals tried to excavate the soil for three days, but could only do so at night as they were not strong enough to dig while fasting.
Historically in Indonesia, there were three generations of ancient elephant, namely the Mastodon, which lived 1.5 million years ago; the Stegodon, which lived 1.2 million years ago; and the Elephas, which lived 800,000 years ago, Sukronedi said.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The Radeon RX Vega is shipping today and for Linux gamers this is a serious AMD offering for being able to handle modern Linux games. But it goes beyond that in the RX Vega launch easily being the most successful launch ever for a GPU backed by open-source drivers on launch day. I've been spending the past several days testing the Radeon RX Vega 56 and RX Vega 64. The RX Vega 56 is a very competent graphics card for $399 USD while those wanting to reach peak performance for Linux gaming on a open-source system can find the RX Vega 64 for $499 USD. The open-source support for Vega isn't without some initial setup hurdles and some growing pains along the way, but it's looking very good for launch-day and the best DRM+Mesa support we have ever seen at-launch for the premiere of a new discrete GPU architecture.
Preface: Thanks to AMD for demonstrating Linux interest with this launch and supplying the Radeon RX Vega 56 and Vega 64 review samples for benchmarking. As usual at Phoronix, this review is mainly targeting the Linux use-cases and what Linux users/gamers need to know about the RX Vega rather than going on at length about all the architectural details of Vega and other general information that you can read on the dozens of other Windows review websites this morning. In fact, going to jump right into the Linux driver details of interest to you all and make things clear right away about the Linux support and performance where our content provides its value. There will also be many more articles in the days ahead including a lot of OpenCL testing, Radeon RX Vega SteamVR Linux VR gaming, more Mesa Git tests, and other tests as a result of premium reader feedback.
The Radeon RX Vega 64 (air-cooled) costs $499 and boasts 4096 shader cores, 1247MHz clock speed with 1546MHz boost clock speed, 8GB of HBM2 memory, 483GB/s of memory bandwidth, and 10.2~12.6 of single-precision TFLOPS compute power. The Radeon RX Vega 64 has a TDP of 295 Watts. At least under Windows, the Radeon RX Vega 64 is aimed at competing with the GeForce GTX 1080 series.
The Radeon RX Vega 56 comes with a $399 price-tag and at least under Windows should exceed the GeForce GTX 1070. The Radeon RX Vega 56 is cut down to 3584 cores, comes clocked in at 1156MHz with a 1471MHz boost clock speed, and still has 8GB of HBM2 memory but at 410GB/s memory bandwidth. The Radeon RX Vega 56 should yield 8.2~10.5 of single-precision TFLOPS compute power. The TDP on this slightly cut down card is 210 Watts while both RX Vega models require two 8-pin PCI Express power connectors.
Great Open-Source GPU Driver Support On Launch Day
If you are behind on your Phoronix reading, this weekend I summarized the Linux driver requirements for Vega and how to setup both the AMDGPU-PRO hybrid driver and the "pure open-source" AMDGPU+RadeonSI driver stack. Via both the hybrid driver and open-source driver models there is launch-day support for the Radeon RX Vega on Linux with OpenGL 4.5, Vulkan 1.0, and OpenCL 1.2. While the code is available, it's not yet all mainlined so it's important to check that article to familiarize yourself with the requirements for what work is needed to get the driver support in place on Linux.
About the only way the Radeon RX Vega launch could be smoother for Linux users were if the AMDGPU DC display stack had been mainlined already, but that is not the case for Vega but will hopefully be all squared away for making an even better Radeon Navi launch next year. But with any new GPU launch, you generally want to be running the latest Linux + Mesa Git code anyways for the latest bug fixes, feature enhancements, and performance optimizations. Unfortunately a shortcoming of Linux in general is that driver installation isn't as straight-forward as under Windows.
Highlights of today's Vega Linux driver support include:
- RadeonSI OpenGL is outperforming the closed-source AMDGPU-PRO OpenGL driver for Vega 64 and Vega 56. Yes, you read that right; the open-source driver stack on launch-day is faster than the hybrid driver for OpenGL! This is something that has never been seen before in the history of AMD's open-source driver stack for new hardware on launch day! And is not something ever seen on the NVIDIA side either where the open-source, unofficial Nouveau driver lags behind the official NVIDIA Linux (proprietary) driver. In fact, it's only the GeForce Kepler cards that have decent open-source driver support right now on the NVIDIA side via Nouveau (of course, their proprietary driver is high performance and fully supports all modern GPUs). Only in recent weeks has the open-source driver even begun outperforming AMDGPU-PRO by large margins for Polaris/Fiji hardware and in some cases even faster than the Radeon Software Windows OpenGL driver. AMDGPU-PRO remains catered towards workstation customers like those applications relying upon OpenGL compatibility contexts, etc.
- Another use-case for the AMDGPU-PRO driver is if wanting to use the official Vulkan driver. AMD has yet to open-source their official Vulkan driver while RADV remains the alternative, community-backed, open-source Radeon Vulkan driver. RADV does have basic support for Vega, but notably it's missing support right now for geometry and tessellation shaders. When trying RADV from Mesa Git in the few Vulkan Linux games, I didn't get much further than the loading screen. So today, AMDGPU-PRO's Vulkan driver is best for Vega. Stay tuned to Phoronix though to see how the Vega Vulkan support matures.
- Once the initial enablement is in good shape for Vega on RADV, it's possible we could be seeing this open-source Vulkan driver outperform the official driver. Coming with Linux 4.14 DRM code will be 2MB page support in AMDGPU. The RADV Vulkan driver will automatically start being able to use it while AMDGPU-PRO users will be needing to wait for an official update for that.
- The results you see for launch-day are basically worst-case numbers, in that they are very promising for where they are starting from but -WILL- be getting better. AMD developers do acknowledge more tuning will be happening for squeezing greater performance of Radeon RX Vega hardware under Linux. One of the AMD Linux staff members had explained while they did start on the open-source driver work for Vega much earlier than with past generations and spent more time on this Vega hardware enablement, the architecture changes are much larger than for Polaris on the open-source driver stack. So they are ready for launch-day with a full-functioning open-source driver, but performance tuning is to come in the days/weeks/months ahead.
- The OpenCL driver support is a bit rough. The ROCm OpenCL driver for Vega should be working, but in my early testing, my OpenCL test applications were crashing. I will be working on more Vega OpenCL tests in the days ahead.
- Of upcoming optimizations, the 2MB page support should really benefit Vega on Linux. Linux has been using 4KB pages everywhere while AMD Windows uses larger vRAM pages where possible. With the larger page support is of similar concept to "huge pages" on the CPU. It's possible to see 10~15% performance improvements in select compute and Vulkan workloads with the 2MB page support being mainlined in AMDGPU for Linux 4.14. In select cases, the gains have been measuring in at larger.
In early May, Iraqi officials reported the possibility that Daesh* leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is operating out of the desert area near Syria's border with Iraq, one of the few parts of the country it continues to control.
Hudayfah al-Badri, son of Daesh leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, has been killed in the central Syrian province of Homs, according to the Telegram channel Directorate 4 which monitors terrorists' activity.
The channel reported that al-Badri was obliterated during an attack by militants on the positions of Syrian and Russian forces located near one of the thermal power plants in Homs province.
READ MORE: Leader of Daesh Cell in Russia Blows Himself Up During Detention — FSB
On May 8, Fox News cited Abu Ali al-Basri, director-general of the intelligence and counter-terrorism office of the Iraqi Ministry of Interior, as saying that the Daesh leader is believed to be still at large.
"The last information we have is they [al-Baghdadi] is in Al-Hajin in Syria, 18 miles from the border in Deir ez-Zor province," Abu Ali al-Basri said.
They were echoed by Brig. Gen. Yahya Rasool, spokesperson for the Iraqi Ministry of Defense and for the Joint Operations Command, who confirmed al-Baghdadi's location on the border east of the Euphrates River, in an area still controlled by the terrorists.
READ MORE: US-Led Coalition Evacuates Two Daesh Commanders From Syria's Hasakah — Reports
"It is not difficult for them to hide in the Syrian desert," Rasool noted.
In April, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that despite successful counter-terrorism missions in Syria and Iraq, Daesh is still capable of conducting raids in different regions across the world, and that new forms of international cooperation are needed to confront the terrorist group.
Upon proclaiming itself a global caliphate in 2014, Daesh managed to seize large areas of western Iraq and eastern Syria in 2015, imposing its own radical form of Sharia law there.
As a result of subsequent anti-terrorist efforts by the Syrian government and Russia, as well as the Iraqi government in neighboring Iraq and the US-led coalition, Daesh has lost over 90 percent of the territory it once controlled in Syria and Iraq, including its strongholds in Deir ez-Zor, Mosul and Raqqa.
*Daesh, a terrorist group banned in Russia and an array of other countries
[India], May 31 (ANI): The counting of votes for by-elections to four Lok Sabha seats and 10 assembly constituencies has begun.
Tight security arrangements have been made to ensure safe and fair counting.
Lok Sabha Bypoll:
The Lok Sabha seats which went for polls were; Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya in Maharashtra; the politically-crucial Kairana Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh, and Nagaland parliamentary constituency.
It will be a litmus test for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) as a positive outcome is necessary for the saffron party to maintain its majority in the Lok Sabha.
The results will also test the mettle of a united opposition with that of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Though, after losing from Gorakhpur and Phulpur, the BJP had profusely campaigned to win the Kairana seat. Similarly, in Maharashtra's Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya, all four major parties -- the BJP, Shiv Sena, NCP, and Congress left no stone unturned to woo the electorates in their favour. Elections were necessitated in Kairana after the seat fell vacant in February following the death of BJP leader Hukum Singh. The BJP has fielded Mriganka Singh, daughter of Singh, from this seat. In Maharashtra, Palghar is a reserved seat, which was previously held by the BJP. The seat fell vacant after sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga died in January. Chintaman Wanga had thrice won the constituency as a BJP member, however, after their death, their family had joined hands with the Shiv Sena. In Bhandara-Gondiya the bye-election was necessitated when BJP's sitting MP Nana Patole quit the party to join the Congress in December last year. Meanwhile, in Nagaland Neiphiu Rio of the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party was the representative of the lone Lok Sabha constituency in Nagaland. Rio, who represented this constituency, quit in February to contest in the assembly election. Rio is the chief minister of Nagaland. Assembly Bye-election: The by-elections were held in Legislative Assemblies of Shahkot (Punjab), Tharali (Uttarakhand), Ampati (Meghalaya), Chengannur (Kerala), Jokihat (Bihar), Gomia (Jharkhand), Silli (Jharkhand), Maheshtala (West Bengal), Noorpur (Uttar Pradesh), Palus Kadegaon (Maharashtra). The by-poll in Gomia Assembly was necessitated after the sitting MLA Yogendra Prasad Mahto of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) was expelled from the assembly after they were convicted in a coal theft case. In Jharkhand's Silli the sitting MLA, Amit Mahto, of the JMM was convicted in a criminal assault case in March following which the seat fell vacant. The seat of Noorpur in Uttar Pradesh fell vacant after the death of sitting BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Chouhan. Chouhan was a two-time MLA from here. The Maheshtala seat was held by Trinamool Congress (TMC) MLA Kasturi Das until their death in February. They too had represented this constituency twice. Former Meghalaya Chief Minister and Congress MLA Mukul Sangma resigned from Ampati seat in March, as they had also won from Songsak. Sangma was the MLA from this seat since 1993. Tharali seat in Uttarakhand is reserved for the member of scheduled castes. The by-poll was necessitated after the death of the BJP MLA Magan Lal Shah in February. Chengannur seat fell vacant after the death of Communist Party of India (Marxist) sitting MLA K.K. Ramachandran Nair in January. Sarfaraz Alam had won the Jokihat assembly seat on Janata Dal (United) (JD-U) ticket. They later contested from RJD ticket and resigned in April from the post of MLA after their victory in the Araria Lok Sabha by-poll. The Shiromani Akali Dal representative of the Shahkot seat, Ajit Singh Kohar the sitting MLA, died in February, which necessitated by-poll in the assembly. Kohar had won from the constituency in 2012 and 2017. The by-poll in Palus-Kadegaon Assembly constituency was necessitated due to the death of Congress's Patangrao Kadam, who had won the constituency twice. The EC has declared Kadam's son elected unopposed as the BJP had withdrawn its candidate. These bye-elections were also marred with the complaints of EVM malfunctioning and in the view of which the election commission had to replace the faulty machines at certain places after which repolling was held on several booths on Wednesday. (ANI)
Brian (with Griffin) and Christy (with Graydon), with their dog, Denali, named for the mountain in Christy's home state of Alaska.
THE PARENTS: Christy Fitzpatrick, 29, and Brian Fitzpatrick, 31, of Upper Dublin
THE KIDS: Graydon Foster and Griffin Maddox, born August 31, 2017
SUBLIME FAMILY MOMENT: Taking walks with the twins in their double stroller and their dog, Denali — named for the mountain in Christy's home state of Alaska — trotting along. “That's our time to catch up,” Brian says.
“Baby uno,” the doctor said, gliding the ultrasound wand over Christy's belly. Then they paused. “Baby dos.”
Please stop counting, Brian remembers thinking. For Christy, the moment brought a wild recap of their back-and-forth journey to parenthood: from being unsure they wanted kids to decide they definitely did, from a year of wondering whether conception would ever happen to this surreal instant of learning they were having two.
Brian's mind leapt ahead to logistical matters: the room they'd planned as the nursery wasn't large enough for two, so they'd have to tear a different room down to the studs and redo it. “The pressure and realness of the situation hit me,” they say.
It was a little over five years since their “meet-aversary,” when, at the behest of mutual friends, they showed up for a double date at Xfinity Live. “Do you want to ride the mechanical bull?” Brian asked, and they did—four times.
“I was 23. Brian seemed really fun. That's all either of us was looking for—to have fun,” Christy says.
Swiftly, they segued into quasi-living together, with Brian, then based at their mother's home in Cheltenham, spending five nights a week in Christy's Center City apartment. Six months later, they bought a condo, a snug space with no room, regrettably, for Christy's prized pyramid of empty Rockstar energy drink cans, a relic from their college days.
Brian planned to propose in mid-June 2014, but was sidelined by an acute case of salmonella; they spent eight days in the hospital, part of that time rescheduling the caricature artist and photographer who were to be part of their surprise engagement.
They managed to pull off the ruse the day after they were discharged. They lured Christy to Fitler Square, telling them they had a Groupon for a caricature artist (whom he'd already commissioned to create a portrait of the two in wedding clothes).
The artist pretended to make a quick sketch of the pair, then revealed the wedding-outfit picture; meanwhile, Brian dropped to one knee. Christy was speechless.
After their wedding, a November 2015 celebration at the National Museum of American Jewish History, they tiptoed toward parenthood.
“Sometimes we were like: no kids,” Christy recalls. “Other times, we thought: one or two. I don't know that we wanted to give up our freedom right away.” And once they did start trying, conception took much longer than anticipated.
“It seemed like everyone and their brother was getting pregnant just from looking at each other,” Christy says. “And we're both pretty perfectionist, competitive people who go after what we want. It was hard to wrap your brain around.”
They sought help from fertility specialists; after one cycle of oral medication, Christy got the phone call: “You're pregnant.” They pinned a few paint swatches and some infant T-shirts that said, “I love my daddy” on the walls of the would-be nursery and coaxed Brian upstairs as soon as they came home from work.
“I think I said, ‘No way,' and started crying,” they remember.
Despite the gamut of reactions when they told people they were having twins—Brian's buddies teased, “You're screwed,” while other people asked, “On purpose?”—and despite Christy's gain of 65 pounds, the pregnancy was “wonderful,” they say, with no morning sickness and enough energy to commute by train to their job as a hotel manager in Center City.
They hoped for a natural delivery, but learned at 20 weeks that “Baby A” was breech. The couple scheduled a C-section for Sept. 8. On Aug. 31, Christy's water broke at 3 a.m., followed by a metronome of four-minutes-apart contractions.
She'd made a list for Brian—“Get the dog's food ready for your mom; put my glasses in my hospital bag; take the trash out.” But when they emerged from the shower, still leaking amniotic fluid, they found their husband racing around the house in tears.
They arrived at Abington Hospital at 4:30 a.m. By 6, an OB was asking Brian whether the babies had names. The blond one, Baby A, would be Graydon, they said; their dark-haired brother would be Griffin.
Both boys were so tiny and light that when they cried, they flipped themselves onto their bellies, but they didn't yet have the strength to lift up their heads. Christy and Brian, petrified that the twins would smother, took turns staying awake round-the-clock to watch them.
They staggered into their first pediatrician appointment. “We weren't even human,” Christy remembers. “She said, ‘You guys need to go into survival mode. Put them in a rock-and-play so they can't roll over.'”
Life got easier, then harder. At four months, the twins unlearned how to sleep through the night and began waking every 20 minutes.
Sometimes Christy would bring a baby into the bedroom to tag Brian: Your turn. “Who do you have?” he'd ask, and she'd answer groggily, “I have absolutely no idea.” Delirious from lack of sleep, they gave each other pre-dawn pep talks: “We've got to be on the same team.”
At six months, they learned both twins needed custom-made medical helmets to correct plagiocephaly, a flattening of the skull caused by being wedged together in the womb. At first, it was hard for Christy to endure the stares from strangers, but they soon honed a shorthand response to their queries: “They have a little flat spot on their heads, and this helps fix it.”
The boys are different: Griffin is physically adventurous, but more reserved with strangers, while Graydon readily toddles up to newcomers. As infants, they sucked one another's thumbs and held hands; now they run toward each other with shrieks of delight.
One recent morning, Christy went to wake the twins and found them dozing in identical postures. They whispered for Brian to come look—not just at the boys, but at their bond. “Little butts in the air, heads facing the door. We stood there and watched them sleep.”
The logo of Airbus is pictured at the entrance of the Airbus facility in Bouguenais, near Nantes, France March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
An Airbus A400M military transport plane is parked at the Airbus assembly plant in Seville, southern Spain June 23, 2016. REUTERS/Marcelo del Pozo
MADRID European governments buying the A400M military transport aircraft have agreed to maintain the penalties incurred by the manufacturer, Airbus (AIR.PA), for production delays, a source with knowledge of the talks in Madrid said on Thursday.
The defense ministries may, however, give Airbus some flexibility on its most pressing sanctions, the source added, though it is still unclear how this leeway would work.
Airbus called in February for talks with European governments to ease "heavy penalties" for delays to the program, after taking a fresh 1.2 billion-euro ($1.3 billion) charge on Europe's largest defense project.
Problems with engine gearboxes and delays in supplying defensive aids has led to penalties and cash being held back by governments, according to the company.
The A400M was ordered in 2003 by seven NATO nations -- Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg, Spain, Britain and Turkey -- to give Europe an independent military transport capability.
Its costs have since spiralled and Airbus has warned of "risks ahead" for the program.
"(The countries) are close to signing an interim agreement showing an understanding of the problems Airbus is going through," the source said. "This could lead to a small amount of flexibility on the sanctions, although they still stand."
Airbus declined to comment. In a joint statement put out by the Spanish defense ministry, the seven European governments said they had held "constructive talks" with Airbus.
"Everyone expressed their total confidence in the A400M aircraft ... We agreed on a common line of action to move forward in a way that reflects the interests of the program, the armed forces and taxpayers," they said.
The next meeting between the countries and Airbus is due to take place at the British air base of Brize Norton in June.
(Reporting by Sarah White in Madrid and Cyril Altmeyerhenzien in Paris; Editing by Carlos Ruano, Greg Mahlich)
It looks like the state of Mississippi is finally addressing its roads and bridges problem. The state Senate is pushing through a billion dollar five-year plan. State business leaders have long pressed for major improvements as a pathway to attracting business to our state.
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — In a story Feb. 3 about the recovery of recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies in 1946, The Associated Press inaccurately described a Jewish district during World War II as a Polish ghetto. It was in Nazi-occupied Poland.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Ohio school recovers Holocaust survivors' recorded melodies
Wire recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies at a refugee camp in France in 1946 are being heard for the first time in decades, thanks to university employees in Ohio who pieced together a device to listen to them
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — Wire recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies at a refugee camp in France in 1946 are being heard for the first time in decades, thanks to university employees in Ohio who pieced together a device to listen to them.
University of Akron officials say the six songs were sung by survivors in Henonville, France, for psychologist David Boder, who was among the first to record Holocaust survivors telling their stories during the 1940s. They recorded on steel wire, capturing the melodies with lyrics in Yiddish and German.
“Dr. Boder was determined to give the survivors a voice,” said David Baker, a UA professor of psychology and executive director of the Center for the History of Psychology. “Dr. Boder is credited with being the first person to record testimony of Holocaust survivors.”
Boder conducted numerous interviews on wire recorders, which were considered state-of-the-art equipment at the time. They also recorded religious services, folk songs and counseling sessions in addition to their work with Holocaust survivors.
The Akron Beacon Journal reports that one woman sang melodies that had been sung in a Jewish ghetto and a forced-labor camp.
Some of Boder's spools were donated to the university in the 1960s and archived, but the content wasn't discovered until a recent project to digitize the recordings.
“It's the most significant discovery from our collections in our 52-year history,” Baker said. “That we could give the world the melody to a song sung by those sentenced to their death through forced labor during one of the most unspeakable horrors and trauma of the 20th century is remarkable.”
Boder's recordings are also held in the Library of Congress and at UCLA in California. The University of Akron has shared its collection with the national Holocaust Museum in Washington.
Comments
comments
Soccer-China reveals player levy level ahead of transfer window
HONG KONG, June 14 - China's top soccer clubs have until Sunday to respond to plans to introduce a transfer levy in an attempt to curb spiralling expenditure on overseas players.
Share. Logan has a major Hulk problem. Logan has a major Hulk problem.
It's no easy task to follow up a creative team as strong as Jeff Lemire and Andrea Sorrentino. Marvel's strategy with Old Man Logan is to rely on one up-and-coming writer in Ed Brisson and one veteran artist in Mike Deodato. The result is a new status quo for the series that retains much of what worked before while doing just enough to carve its own path.
I had my concerns coming into this issue, as the last thing Old Man Logan needs is another story arc focused on Logan dwelling on their past demons rather than embracing their uncertain future. Luckily, "Days of Anger" isn't shaping up to be a mere retread of "Past Lives." This time around, it's not Logan themselves haunted by their past so much as the Hulk Gang, the family of inbred, gamma-irradiated hillbillies Logan supposedly slaughtered at the end of the original Old Man Logan storyline. They're back, and they have a new leader in the form of Maestro. Suffice it to say, Brisson and Deodato put a weird new spin on the age-old Wolverine/Hulk rivalry.
In the process, the series captures a bit of the weird, off-kilter charm of the Mark Millar/Steve McNiven OML run that was more or less lost in subsequent stories. Half the fun of the original story was seeing the bizarre and often bleak ways the Marvel U. evolved in an age with no heroes. That seems to be an element the new team are looking to bring back, along with copious amounts of blood and violence. Deodato renders what is easily the most violent Wolverine/Hulk clash since the latter tore the former in half in Ultimate Wolverine vs. Hulk. For once, it's nice to see an unfiltered view of what happens when the strongest there is meets the stabbiest there is.
What puts this issue over the original OML is the added emphasis on treating the Hulk Gang like real characters and not shock value fodder. As goofy as these characters are, they have clear motivations and desires. The same goes for Maestro himself, who is painted quite a bit differently from the power-hungry tyrant readers are sued to. That depth of characterization is easily the most promising sign as the new team settles in with the book.
Marvel has rotated Deodato through a number of assignments in recent years, not all of which have played particularly well to their strengths. Old Man Logan does, though. Deodato's style is all about setting a dark, foreboding mood and cramming the page with imposing, muscular figures. Those are exactly the skills needed to do justice to this clash of titans. Deodato captures the brutality and fury of the various Hulk/Wolverine battles in this issue, while colorist Frank Martin ably sets the mood with their powerful, sun-drenched colors. Deodato's work still suffers from the same nagging flaws in terms of their interchangeable female characters and the stiff awkwardness that comes from relying so heavily on computer-rendered objects, but the positives definitely outweigh the negatives in this case.
Old Man Logan [2017] #25 A LONG-LOST THREAT RE-EMERGES! LOGAN is confronted by an enemy from their past! And if Logan's past is a dystopian future, you know this can't be good... ENTER: The MAESTRO! Get Deal
This International summit gathers professionals from all over the world, invariable of age to discuss the current-state-of-art in this blooming field of graphene, advanced 2D materials, and semiconductors. A knowledge gathering initiative which provides diversified topics of discussion and insights in unraveling the wonders in the interdisciplinary arena of Materials Science and Nanotechnology. The 3rd International Conference and Expo on Graphene, Advanced 2D Materials & Semiconductors holds a theme of “A New Way to Atomic Assembly” which also paves way for young researchers in acquiring knowledge and information by meeting the experts.
Halton police are looking for an alleged perfume thief who struck an Oakville business May 9.
On that day a woman entered the Shoppers Drug Mart, located at 2501 Third Line, and went to the store's fragrance section.
Police say the suspect selected 25 bottles of Chanel perfumes, concealed them and then left the store without paying.
The stolen property was valued at more than $2,100.
Tyler grew up in the foothills of North Carolina, in a one-stop light town named Boonville, NC and was promoted to Chief Meteorologist where you can find them weekdays at 5, 6, and 11 pm on WOAY-TV.
Tuesday on A Juneau Afternoon, Laury Scandling hosts.
We'll get the details about an overnight Writing Workshop;
Hear Part 6 of Midnight Oil, which traces the effect of the Trans-Alaska Oil Pipeline on out state;
Steve Kocsis will be here with yet more information about the coming eclipse;
At 4, tune in to KTOO for All Things Considered, followed at 6, it's Alaska News Nightly.
At 9, Democracy Now; news from a Canadian perspective follows at 10 on As It Happens, and BBC News at 11. That's Tuesday on KTOO-Juneau.
I'm borderline obsessed with keeping my skin looking good while also using non-toxic beauty products that can do more harm than good over time. But as I age I notice that sometimes it appears that I have dark circles under my eyes, like a raccoon or the Ham Burglar. I know it's not due to lack of sleep, which is a common reason why people get them. It's because of the magic melanin I have coursing through my cells. Sometimes it gets too excited. And that, coupled with age and not enough sun protection, then Houston, we have a problem. Dark circles under your eyes can show your age faster than anything, and there's only so much foundation if the world, so you might as well start at the source.
According to Dr. Mercola, the causes of dark circles around the eyes for brown-skinned people have to do with over-production of melanin, or what we know as hyper pigmentation. This happens with age, but also can happen with extended sun exposure. The key to prevent this from happening can be a simple as wearing sun glasses, or using a natural sun protector like cocoa butter, which may also aid in reducing the pigmentation.
I'm a big fan of exfoliation to get to the nice, new skin underneath. But you can't really rub a harsh sugar or salt scrub around your eyes, can you? While pricey, Eminence Naseberry Eye Exfoliant gently stuffs away dead skin, and tightens and brightens. This treatment contains both glycolic and lactic acid, which both work to exfoliate, while antioxidants CoQ10, vitamin C and honey heal and protect the eye area from future damage. Honey also draws moisture to the area. All the ingredients list is organic and toxin free, full of yummy goodness. So now my eyes don't and won't give away my age…
Follow Christelyn on Instagram and Twitter, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. And if you want to be a little more serious about this online dating thing, InterracialDatingCentral is the official dating site for this blog.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
PHENIX CITY, Ala.– Russell County historical commission presents a night golf fundraiser.
The event will be held Friday, August 18 at the Lakewood Golf Course in Phenix City.
The entry fee is $300 per team or $100 per person which includes two Mulligans. You can see Susan Graham, with the historical commission, for information at 706-888-4801.
Prizes will be awarded closest to the hole and for the longest drive.
Two balls per person to be used after dark will be provided by Russell County Historical Commission.
And the event will have a shotgun start which will begin at 6 p.m.
Actress Helen Mirren blasted President Donald Trump and their daughter Ivanka and said First Lady Melania Trump could be the only person in the world who could “take them down” in a wide-ranging interview with Allure magazine this week.
In the September issue cover-story interview published Monday, the 72-year-old Oscar-winner and self-described feminist ripped Ivanka for having “no substance,” while they took President Trump to task for what they called their “lack of morality.”
advertisement
“[Ivanka] talks a good game, but there's no substance,” Mirren told Allure. “Her book is so ignorant about how the majority of women live, talking about ‘Make time for yourself to have a massage.' Puh-lease.”
In contrast, Mirren told the magazine that First Lady Melania Trump is one of the most “powerful” people in the world, because of what they could potentially do to their husband.
“You look at old Mel there, and they are one of the most powerful women in the world because they could take them down,” Mirren said. “I'm Eastern European you know; [we've] got these dark souls. That dark Slovenian soul is about to come out. She's only got to do a nice interview with Allure.”
But the Fate of the Furious actor saved their most harsh criticism for the president himself.
“[Trump] just said and did whatever it took to get what they desired. That is quite terrifying, because it means there's a lack of morality there and a lack of conscientiousness,” Mirren said.
“It's a bit like watching a car crash,” they added. “There is a sort of mesmerizing horror — it's why we love horror films.”
Mirren has previously been outspoken about their disdain for Trump; before the election, the actor said that if the Republican business person were to make good on their promise to “make America great again,” it would actually be “the end of America as a great country.”
Elsewhere in their extensive interview with Allure, Mirren explained how the feminism of today differs from the activist movements of 40 and 50 years ago.
“I wasn't into the very didactic feminism of the '60s and '70s because I liked wearing makeup and high heels,” they told the magazine. “That was a no-no. It was sort of ‘That's playing to the patriarchy.' I was thinking, well, I just really like it. Then as feminism developed, they realized you can like nice dresses, high-heeled shoes, and makeup. That's not stopping you from being feminist.”
Read Mirren's full interview with Allure here.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
Organizers of President-elect Donald Trump's inaugural parade say the marching band of Alabama's oldest private, historically black liberal arts college has accepted an invitation to perform.
The move comes as historically black schools like Howard University, which marched in President Barack Obama's first inaugural parade, said they didn't apply to march at Trump's inauguration.
The move has lit up Talladega College's social media sites with a sharp debate about the band's decision to participate. Some people voiced strong opposition, while others support the band's participation.
The Presidential Inaugural Committee announced Friday the Talladega College Marching Tornadoes was among 40 groups, including high school bands and military organizations, scheduled to perform in the parade.
Talladega College officials haven't returned phone calls and emails seeking comment.
BMW only built 891 examples of the E34 generation BMW M5 Touring, and the company never officially imported them into the United States. However, Enthusiast Auto Group, a BMW specialist dealer in Cincinnati, Ohio, has one of the models on sale, and it's in quite a rare color combination. The shop wants $129,900 for this unusual wagon.
This 1995 M5 Touring comes from the final year of production in a combination of Santorin Blue exterior paint and Lotus White nappa leather with aqua-colored piping that matches the body paint. According to Enthusiast Auto Group, BMW only built two examples of the high-performance wagon in this specification. It packs a 3.8-liter inline six with an original output 335 horsepower (250 kilowatts) and a six-speed manual gearbox.
At 88,856 miles (143,000 kilometers), Enthusiast Auto Group performed an engine-out service that including extensive maintenance and the installation of hotter camshafts, a performance shift, a center x-pipe with race muffler, and 3:64 limited-slip differential. In stock form, the M5 Touring could get to 62 miles per hour (100 kilometers per hour) in six seconds, but these tweaks probably sliced a little bit off that time. We could imagine some prospective buyers not liking the modifications to such a rare vehicle, though.
This example looks pretty good, despite previous owners racking up 96,206 miles (154,829 kilometers) on the road. It originally came into the United States in 2000. Enthusiast Auto Group will include a new set of tires of the buyer's choice with the wagon, so there will be plenty of miles ahead for the new owner.
BMW has no intention to build a new M5 Touring, and the 5 Series wagon isn't currently available in the United States. In Europe, customers can opt for the Alpina B5 Bi-Turbo Touring AWD with a biturbo 4.4-liter V8 that makes 608 hp (447 kW) and 590 pound-feet (800 Newton-meters) of torque through an eight-speed automatic.
Source : Enthusiast Auto Group via Road & Track
March 19 (UPI) -- European Union and British negotiators reached an agreement Monday on a transition plan for when the Britain leaves the bloc.
Michel Barnier of the EU and David Davis of Britain said the two sides reached a "decisive step" as they agreed on a 21-month transition plan set to begin on Brexit day in March 2019.
Under the deal, Britain will follow the EU's rules and continue to trade freely in the bloc's common market until the end of 2020. Britain will no longer be able to provide input on the EU's rules and regulations, but will be able to negotiate and sign trade deals after the transition.
Britain also agreed that EU residents who move to Britain during the transition will maintain the same rights as those who moved before.
Under the agreement, Britain also will have the ability to opt out of EU foreign policy decisions, maintain access to fisheries and be able to opt in to new justice and security measures during the transition.
Both sides also pledged to act in "good faith" with a joint committee to oversee the agreement, including a promise that the EU won't pass laws that would damage Britain during the transition period when it will have no vote.
The issue of potentially reinstating a border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which are part of the EU and United Kingdom respectively, remained unresolved.
Barnier offered a reminder that "nothing is agreed until everything is agreed," indicating a solution must be reached before a final Brexit deal is signed.
British Prime Minister Theresa May rejected a proposal that would establish a common economic area on the island of Ireland, which would leave Northern Ireland subject to some EU tax rules and regulations.
"No U.K. prime minister would ever agree to it," they said.
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillow case-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location, and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji's on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with "Disruption of Congress," according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with "crowding, obstructing or incommoding."
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That's allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it they were also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
Stuart Vevers had an important appointment on Feb. 14 at Pier 76 — other than Coach's fall show, that is.
“We're Instagram best friends,” said 17-year-old Sabrina Carpenter of Vevers. “I'm meeting them for the first time today. We're both really excited. They sent me the sweetest bouquet of flowers yesterday and I think we're just secretly Valentines.” At least someone seems to be doing Valentine's Day right this year.
The singer, who was recently added to Revlon's roster of celebrity influencers, was attending their first fashion show of the season. “I love Coach and everything that they've been doing,” they gushed (naturally). “I've gotten to work with them a few times this past year and everything they do is art, so it's beautiful.”
Nearby, Tavi Gevinson was trying to make sense of the set. “It's like ‘Wizard of Oz,' no?” they pondered. “I really like it. Or like ‘Badlands' or ‘Days of Heaven.'” Or perhaps it was a mélange of the three. They predicted that the collection would be “prairie dresses” based on the set, adding, “but maybe I'll be totally surprised.”
Just two nights before, Gevinson had attended Miu Miu's screening of “Carmen,” the latest short film in its Women's Tales series, directed by Chloë Sevigny. “Carmen Lynch is so funny,” they said. “I didn't know about them before, which I regret. And I thought [the film] was so beautifully shot and I liked seeing Miu Miu clothes used in that context. The subject matter [Lynch] was dealing with combined with a Peter Pan collared dress was really funny to me.”
As the room began to fill, Drew Barrymore got tied up doing video interviews while Selena Gomez discreetly made their way over to Anna Wintour. The Instagram queen documented their experience the way they know best.
DOHUK, Northern Iraq (CNN) -- Could they help make Iraqi Kurdistan great again?
Some people here are so convinced they will that they are showing their love for Donald Trump in unusual ways.
One, Nadyar Zawiti, has jumped on the Trump train particularly enthusiastically, naming their fish restaurant in the northern Iraqi city of Dohuk after the US President-elect.
Zawiti heard Trump say during the campaign that they were a big fan of Kurdish forces, and called for the US to arm them in their fight against ISIS.
He's hoping the incoming president will make good on their promise -- so much so that they named their new restaurant Trump Fish.
"What I admire about Trump's personality," Zawite says, "is that he's decisive, he's tough, and hopefully with that toughness he'll finish ISIS off."
The restaurant's logo -- featuring San Diego Chargers-style lightning bolts where Trump's hair and eyebrows should be -- was taken from a 2015 Uproxx story that injected a Trump theme into the logo of every NFL team.
The restaurant sells "maskouf," Iraq's national dish of oily carp cooked over an open fire.
Nadyar shrugs off Trump's controversial pledge to ban all Muslims from entering the US as mere campaign rhetoric.
They even hope to someday open a branch of Trump Fish near the White House -- if Trump will invite them in, that is.
He's not the only dedicated fan of the President-elect to be found in the region.
Hassan Jamil, a Peshmerga fighter on leave, even named their newborn baby Trump Hassan Jamil.
Of the unusual choice of moniker bestowed on the three-week-old, Jamil explained: "I called them Trump because they are charismatic and has clear policies and that's why they won the election."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
April 3 Applied Materials Inc
* Applied Materials - on April 3, issued notice to redeem all of 7.125 pct senior notes due 2017 of which $200 million aggregate principal amount is outstanding
* Applied Materials Inc - notes will be redeemed in accordance with their terms on May 4, 2017 - SEC filing
* Applied Materials - intends to use portion of net proceeds from issuance of its senior unsecured notes on March 31, 2017 to fund redemption of notes Source text: (bit.ly/2ouSIJp) Further company coverage:
“Delhi 47 KM” director Shadab Khan says they are not feeling any pressure about their film clashing with Dharma Productions' much awaited movie “Dhadak” on July 20.
“Dhadak” will mark the Bollywood debut of Shahid Kapoor's step brother Ishaan Khatter and Boney Kapoor and late Sridevi's daughter Janhvi Kapoor.
Asked if they are feeling the pressure over box office collection of their movie, Khan said: “We are not feeling any kind of pressure about ‘Dhadak' clashing with our film because both films are completely different from each other.
“‘Dhadak' is a love story which is meant for masses. On the other hand, ‘Delhi 47 KM‘ is for class and mass both as the audience has matured.”
They said their film is based on real and serious topic.
“I think the intellectual audience will connect with our film. We have made a good film and we are confident that it will do good business at the box office.”
‘Delhi 47 KM‘ was earlier scheduled to release on July 6, but due to technical reasons, the film was pushed to hit screens on July 20.
Khan said: “Nowadays, it is a pretty common scenario where two or three films clash with each other on the same day. Being in this industry for so long, I know that two films can release on same day.
“There are enough screens for two films to release. Both are very different films in genre, so I think both can release on the same day without hampering each other.”
The director's film is being described as a story of a bunch of losers who are driven into helplessness due to the various flaws of the system present in the Indian society, and how it makes a mother struggle to get their child educated.
It is produced by Khan, along with Jigar Rawal, Sachin Saxena and Rajneesh Dubey, and presented by CineCloud Films and Asma Ali Shaikh.
At Facebook's developer conference, Oculus Connect 4 this year, the Facebook-owned company announced they'd be delivering a substantial update to the Oculus Rift experience and today, we, Oculus-owners got that update. The immediate update is to the Oculus software that runs on your desktop, but after entering VR, you quickly see that your experience has now substantially changed.
It was this promise of a new, updated experience (along with a price drop) that added up to enough for me to pull the trigger and hit the buy button on the Oculus Rift and touch controllers. After the experience I've had today, I have to say, I'm bloody glad I did.
The new in Rift Core 2.0 has 3 key parts:
a complete overhaul of Home
a redesigned Oculus desktop app
Oculus Dash – a brand-new system interface that brings the power of your PC into VR.
Dash
The new Dash fundamentally changes what you can do with Rift and how you use the device. It brings major improvements, when activated, a horizontal strip at the bottom of your experience appears, allowing you to launch your library of VR apps, the Oculus Store, Notifications, Settings and of course, the big one, Desktop apps.
Facebook has pitched the idea of actually working in VR for a while now as something that's coming in the future, today, we get the first major step towards that being a reality. Thanks to the dexterity afforded by the touch controllers, you can grab application windows and position them as required, while easier to switch apps, connect with friends, and generally do more from inside of VR.
If you choose Desktop, you'll get a selection of the current monitors available, in my case I had 2. Once added, positioned and sized, you can interact with the desktop apps by simply pointing and clicking with the touch controllers, which actually feels pretty natural, quickly. Letting you access your Windows desktop and traditional apps. This opens up new creative possibilities for Rift, using Spotify to play music, YouTube to watch videos, Chrome to surf the web and check email, or Notepad to take notes—all from within VR.
The ability to pull up Dash anywhere and leverage your PC is powerful. Even in this early incarnation, Oculus says internal development is thriving and they're looking forward to seeing how the community use Dash in ways we never expected. Personally when Dash first launched, it felt too close to me, but after experimenting, I found how to move it further away, allowing easier interaction.
Home
Home receives a complete overhaul, completely rebuilt from the ground up to be more immersive, engaging, and personal. Users now get the ability to customize your space. This is actually quite expensive in customisations available for the the roof, walls, floor possible. Once you've settled on the room itself, its time to start adding objects like artwork, tables, plants and even basketball hoops. Of course there's a complimentary basketball (amongst other items) you can throw around to play in your custom space.
Once you've designed things how you want, you can take a screenshot and share it with friends. You can even visit your friends' spaces to see what they've created. One of the key features being worked-on is real-time hangouts, making it easy for you to get together with friends in your Home and create together.
To get all this right now, you need to opt into the beta, when you do, your set of customization features will evolve over time.
While everyone starts with the standard set, you can unlock new items weekly by logging into Rift and spending time in VR. During the beta, there's a limit to the number of item packs you can earn each week. This way, everyone's collection varies and grows naturally over time. You can also unlock items like trophies and game cartridges based on your achievements and library on the platform.
Oculus are committing to adding tons of new content throughout the year, including new items and decorations built by the community. It'd actually be fantastic for them to add support for Microsoft's Remix3D content, a fairly extensive content library of 3D objects.. for now, we can only hope.
There is at least a commitment now to make it easy to bring your own content into Home in 2018. Long term, Home will bring more and more of the Oculus Platform to life in VR.
Right now, it's actually really difficult to capture Home, as the video feed is only available in the Rift headset, not mirrored on a desktop app that could be captured, hopefully this is resolved soon, as sharing this amazing new experience will help sell the platform.
What's Next
This is just the beginning of a new chapter for Rift. Core 2.0 lays the technical foundation for Oculus' long-term roadmap, who say they have ambitious plans for the years ahead. For now, today's update is a big one.. if you have a Rift I highly recommend you check it out, if you don't, this may be the thing that gets you to click buy.
Matt Shuham is a news writer for TPM. They were previously assistant editor of The National Memo and managing editor of the Harvard Political Review.  They are available by email at mshuham@talkingpointsmemo.com and on Twitter @mattshuham.
By Kaylee Lindenmuth
News Editor
The Middle States Commission on Higher Education visited KU the week of March 4-9, with the purpose of evaluating the university's decennial, or 10-year, self-study report submitted by the university.
The self-study report is required in order to maintain the university's accreditation. KU has been accredited through Middle States since 1944.
According to the university website regarding Middle States, the process of developing the self-study report was guided by four questions: “Are we fulfilling our mission? Are we providing students with high-quality learning experiences? Are our assessments providing evidence that is sufficient for us to make improvements in the educational experiences we provide? And are we introducing innovative practices as part of continuous improvement?”
An evaluation team from Middle States visited campus between March 4 and March 7, meeting with various members of the campus community, including faculty members, administrators, students and the board of trustees. The evaluation team consisted of administrators and faculty members from various colleges in the northeastern United States, including Stockton University in New Jersey and Towson University in Maryland.
“As you are aware, colleagues from peer institutions within the Middle States region will be on campus…engage in an evaluation of our compliance with Middle States Standards for Accreditation and Requirements of Affiliation,” said President Kenneth Hawkinson in an email to the campus community prior to the visit.
On Tuesday, March 6, the evaluation team met with a group of 61 students for a meeting and lunch, held between 11:15 a.m. and 12:45 a.m. in room 223 of the student union building.
The visit culminated in a presentation of the evaluation team's exit report, originally set to be held at 12:30 p.m. on Wednesday, March 7. However, a university weather closure postponed the report to 9:00 a.m. on Thursday, March 8. KU did not permit the report to be recorded via audio or video.
SYDNEY, March 30 Sales of new homes in Australia inched higher in February with Western Australia and Victoria enjoying the strongest growth, an industry survey showed on Thursday.
The Housing Industry Association (HIA) said its survey of large-volume builders showed new home sales rose a seasonally adjusted 0.2 percent in February, from the previous month.
Sales of houses dipped 0.1 percent, while apartment sales rose 1.0 percent.
Sales of detached houses rose 5.1 percent in Victoria and jumped 11.3 percent in Western Australia, though the latter was from very depressed levels.
Approvals to build new homes have slowed from record highs in recent months and HIA said it expected housing starts to fall by around 2 percent in the financial year to June. (Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Palisades Patrol reports that at approximately at 10:01 p.m. on Wednesday night, LAPD West LA Division received a call of vehicle vs. pedestrian call on Palisades Drive.
The driver was driving southbound on the number 2 lane on Palisades Drive and then hit a bicyclist. The victim was a white adult male transient. The driver claims they were going about 15 MPH before hitting the victim. No further information was available.
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
× Three Charged After Dominos Driver Robbed, Shot at ESU
EAST STROUDSBURG — A delivery driver remains on life support after they were shot in an ambush on the campus of East Stroudsburg University. Three people are behind bars, facing attempted murder charges.
Israel Berrios, 17, their girlfriend Carolina Carmona, 30, and their brother Salvador Roberts, all of East Stroudsburg, are facing attempted murder charges. The three are accused of planning and then trying to cover up a robbery that left a Domino's delivery driver shot in the face early Monday morning on Normal Street on East Stroudsburg University's campus.
Berrios admitted they are the one who pulled the trigger.
State police say around 1:30 a.m. Monday, Carmona called Dominos with a fake order.
The driver, Richard Labar, 58, of East Stroudsburg, showed up to the address on Normal Street, near the ROTC building on East Stroudsburg's campus.
When they did, troopers say Berrios jumped out with a shotgun, demanded money, and then shot Labar in the face.
“I see Dominos come through here all the time, almost on a daily basis, and then I heard that. It just shocked me,” said David Ruppert of East Stroudsburg.
“That's crazy. I can't imagine anyone being shot for just doing their job. It definitely seems like a set up to me,” said Alyssa Haraschak, an ESU student.
Salvador Roberts is charged with helping Carmona and Berrios plan the robbery and driving them to and from the scene of the crime.
After the shooting, state police checked out the nearby Normal Street Housing Development.
People there saw troopers take evidence from the apartment where Carmona and Berrios live.
“They carried a gun out and two big bags of something. I don't know. That's what everybody saw though,” said Justine Cramer of East Stroudsburg, who lives nearby.
Cramer knows Carmona personally.
“I know they babysat my daughter and stole $2,000 worth of DVDs just a week ago. There's an investigation about that. I called the cops about that,” they said.
People who live or go to school in this area call this robbery-turned-shooting a horrible reminder that anything can happen to anyone at any time.
“It's kind of scary because recently there was some girl who got grabbed, too, on the same street, and I park my car up there, so like coming home and when it's dark, I always have my pepper spray out,” said Haraschak.
State police say Labar is on life support with no brain activity.
They also say Berrios has admitted to a series of strong-arm robberies on the ESU campus in recent months. They said they also robbed another Dominos delivery person recently as well.
Berrios will be charged with those crimes.
All three suspects are locked up without bail in Monroe County.
Lambda Iota, a sorority on ESU's campus, set up a GoFundMe account to raise money for the victim.
SCRANTON — Two men have been charged with robbing a bank in Scranton.
Police arrested Anthony Lawson, 31, of New Jersey, and Michael Vines, 42, of Jermyn this week.
Officers say Lawson held up Citizens Bank on Cedar Avenue in Scranton on January 30.
Vines are accused of driving the getaway car.  They are locked up in the Lackawanna County Prison.
Lawson is in custody in New Jersey.
The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark rate on Wednesday for the fourth time since 2008. The central bank says it is targeting a range between 1 percent and 1.25 percent for overnight borrowing between banks.
“Job gains have moderated but have been solid, on average, since the beginning of the year, and the unemployment rate has declined,” the Fed said in its analysis of current economic conditions. It noted that inflation has recently declined.
The Fed's expectations for future rates suggest that there will be one more hike this year, in line with what the market had been expecting. Neel Kashkari, the head of the Minneapolis Fed, dissented from the Fed's decision. They would have refrained from raising rates.
The Fed also announced detailed plans for how it will unwind the large balance sheet it built up by buying bonds during the financial crisis and in the years that followed. Questions over how and when the Fed would shrink its balance sheet have been foremost in the minds of investors and monetary policy mavens for some time. The Fed said it would reduce its holdings later this year by not reinvesting some of the funds received when bonds it holds mature. Currently, the Fed reinvests all of the proceeds from maturing bonds.
It was the Fed's third consecutive rate increase, signaling a definitive end to the Fed's nine-year old economic stimulus scheme. The move indicates the Fed's confidence in the stability of the economy, although it does not necessarily indicate that the Fed is attempting to slow economic growth. Monetary policymakers believe that low rates support economic growth by lowering the cost of borrowing for businesses, homebuyers and consumers; raising rates is believed to reduce central bank support for the economy.
The Fed's move came after several disappointing data points appeared to indicate that the economy may be softening and hoped for tax cuts may be delayed longer than expected. Job creation in May came in lower than expected, at just 138.000 jobs. Retail sales in May fell 1.6 percent from the prior month, the biggest decline in 16 months. Economists had expected sales to increase in May, following a 0.4 percent increase in April.
Prior to the Fed announcement on Wednesday, consumer price data revealed that inflation unexpectedly fell in May. Core CPI, an economic indicator closely watched by the Fed because it excludes volatile food and energy costs, rose 1.7 percent year-on-year. That was lower than expected and short of the Fed's announced long-term target.
The dollar was weaker prior to the Fed's announcement but following the release of the soft economic data. Yields on long-term Treasuries, which are thought to reflect investor's expectations of the path of future short-term rates, fell. Falling long-term yields indicate that investors are lowering their expectations for future short-term rates. The yield on 10-year Treasuries was down 10 basis points to 2.11 percent earlier Wednesday.
March 20 (UPI) -- The Senate is scheduled to hold a vote Tuesday on whether to end the U.S. military's involvement in Yemen's civil war.
The GOP Senate Cloakroom on Twitter said the Senate will vote on S.J. 54 at approximately 4:15 if all debate time on the measure is used.
The measure, brought forth by Senators Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., Mike Lee, R-Utah, and Chris Murphy, D-Conn., seeks to end U.S. military's now three-year involvement in Yemen by invoking the War Powers Resolution of 1973, which says that the U.S. president can approve engagement in combat abroad "only pursuant to (1) a declaration of war, (2) specific statutory authorization, or (3) a national emergency created by attack upon the United States, its territories or possessions, or its armed forces."
Neither of those conditions have been met, the senators argue, making the U.S. operation in Yemen illegal.
The United States began supporting Saudi Arabia's military involvement in Yemen under President Barack Obama in 2015. That operation has continued under President Donald Trump and today, U.S. troops are on the ground conducting various ground operations, the Pentagon confirmed.
But if the Sanders-Lee-Murphy resolution passes the Senate, it will likely have little affect on troop levels in Yemen because it gives an exception to U.S. military attacks on Al Queda and Islamic State.
But the resolution would put limits to how much the U.S. military can assist Saudi Arabia's military attacks on Yemen. Currently, the U.S. provides the Saudis with air-to-air refueling, intelligence assessments and other military advice.
The New York Times reported that State Department and Pentagon officials are strongly opposed to the resolution and warned senators that ending U.S. involvement in Saudi Arabia's war on Yemen cold damage relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia.
"New restrictions on this limited U.S. military support could increase civilian casualties, jeopardize cooperation with our partners on counter-terrorism and reduce our influence with the Saudis," Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said in a letter to congressional members last week.
Sanders has criticized the Saudi war in Yemen -- and the U.S. military's support of it -- as making matters worse in a country that is already among the poorest in the world.
"Every 10 minutes, a child under the age of five dies of preventable causes in Yemen," Sanders said in February. "What few Americans know, however, is that the U.S. military is making the crisis worse by helping one side in the conflict bomb innocent civilians."
For Abdel Akim Adjibade, the fifth time was the charm. They remember clearly the day in 2003 they found out the news. He'd won the lottery — literally.
After receiving four rejections, Adjibade, a science instructor from Burkina Faso in West Africa, opened a large envelope to see the word "Congratulations" along with their photo and case number. The U.S. had selected them for one of the up to 50,000 visas issued annually via lottery selection through the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program.
"I start shaking, you know — realize really what was happening to me," they tell NPR's Mary Louise Kelly about that moment. "Then I made a phone call to my dad. I said 'Dad, I just found out I have an opportunity to go to the USA.' They said 'If it is in your best interest, you can go.' "
Often referred to as the green card lottery, the visas benefit immigrants like Adjibade — people from countries with low immigration rates to the U.S. But in recent months, criticism of the program has grown louder, culminating with President Trump calling to end it.
During the State of the Union, Trump reiterated their intention to gut the diversity lottery as part of their immigration overhaul. They said the lottery "randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit or the safety of American people."
The lottery started in the 1980s as a way to benefit a growing population of undocumented Irish immigrants before it evolved to include countries that don't send many immigrants to the U.S.
Trump called for an end to the program last fall after the New York City truck attack that killed eight people. Sayfullo Saipov, the man accused of carrying out the attack, came to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010 through the lottery.
Some critics highlighted the attack as an example of how the program poses security risks to Americans. In a tweet after the attack, Trump called out Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y, who helped establish the program. In 2013, Schumer was part of a bipartisan group that tried to cut the program but failed.
Muzaffar Chishti, from the Migration Policy Institute, tells NPR that focusing on one small portion of the immigrants coming to the U.S. makes no sense because "security concerns are equally valid for all admission categories."
"There's nothing peculiar about the diversity visas that make them more vulnerable to admission of terrorists," they say. "And with respect to the terrorists who are being tied to these programs, they all — by every piece of evidence we know — they were radicalized in the United States, after the admission."
Conversations about the diversity lottery also have played out within a broader debate about curtailing legal immigration overall. Republican lawmakers proposing to cut the program also back other measures meant to slow immigration, including limiting the number of refugees granted entry, or the types of relatives people who want to reunite with their families here can sponsor.
Chishti says the diversity program brings in about 5 percent of the country's immigrant stream, many of them with little to no connections to the U.S.
"One of the criticisms of the diversity program is that people come with no established attachment to the country," they say, "but on the other hand, they come with, you know, fire in their belly. And a lot of people argue that that is much more consistent with the founding of our country, that people who just have a lot of gumption can succeed well."
Adjibade was one of those people. After they received their letter, they moved to the U.S. in 2004. They had one family member here, a cousin, and no job lined up.
"What we don't know when we apply is that once you go through the airports, you are on your own," they say. "Everything that happens to you will be a matter of good luck and good circumstances."
Of the 50,000 people who come to the U.S. annually through the program, about 20,000 come from African countries, Chishti says.
"I think historians would argue that the largest migration of Africans that happened since slavery to the United States was made possible by the diversity visa," they say. "Countries like Nigeria, countries like Sierra Leone, countries like Guinea, Liberia, have been big beneficiaries."
Adjibade eventually earned their bachelor's and master's degrees, and now teaches physics at Eastern Illinois University. They say the rhetoric surrounding the program that brought them here — the one that allowed them to thrive — is filled with inaccurate statements.
"As for me, you know, you can tell I've been teaching in Eastern Illinois since 2012. I'm doing pretty fine," they say. "And people will not say that I'm useless to the United States or I'm taking advantage of the United States' resources. It's so sad the rhetoric that is going out there."
Developer Big-O-Tree games has halted development and promotion of a planned mobile game called Dirty Chinese Restaurant after the title drew negative attention from sources including a US Congresswoman for racist portrayals of Asian-Americans.
"After careful consideration and taking the time to listen to the publics [sic] opinion we have decided it's not in anyone's best interest to release Dirty Chinese Restaurant," Big-O-Tree writes in a message on its website yesterday. "We would like to make a sincere and formal apology to the Chinese community and wish to assure them that this game was not created with an intentional interest of inflicting harm or malice against Chinese culture."
Official trailers for the game have been removed from YouTube, but archived copies show the planned games' depiction of two Asian caricatures, named Wang Fu and Wong Fu, managing a restaurant by chasing stray animals for meat, finding produce in trash cans, and being threatened for deportation by immigration officials.
Big-O-Tree (motto: "Because being politically correct is so... boring") and Dirty Chinese Restaurant, its first project, were largely unknown until community activist Karlin Chan called attention to the game on Twitter after discovering the trailer during an unrelated YouTube search. That led to an irate Facebook post from Grace Meng, a Democratic member of congress representing parts of Queens, New York, which led to widespread coverage and additional condemnation from the Asian-American community.
"This game uses every negative and demeaning stereotype that I have ever come across as a Chinese American," Meng wrote. "I fear that prejudice against and othering of Asian Americans remains a form of racism that is too frequently brushed off and tacitly accepted... I urge Google, Apple, Android, and any other platform to not carry the game Dirty Chinese Restaurant, or any other game that glorifies in hurting any community."
Before shutting down production yesterday, Big-O-Tree initially defended its work. "Our game is mainly satire and comedy influenced by the classic politically incorrect shows we grew up watching, such as: South Park, All in the Family, Sanford & Son, Family Guy, Simpsons, and Chappelle's Show," the company wrote in a statement last week. "We also listen to Jay-Z. Our game in no way is meant to be an accurate representation of Chinese culture."
Apple's App Store guidelines prohibit "defamatory, discriminatory, or mean-spirited content" focused on groups based on categories including race, "particularly if the app is likely to humiliate, intimidate, or place a targeted individual or group in harm's way." Google Play's Restricted Content guidelines prohibit "apps that advocate against groups of people based on their race or ethnic origin..."
Back in 2011, Owlchemy Labs faced a somewhat similar controversy over Smuggle Truck, a physics-based game about transporting illegal immigrants over the border. "The idea for the game was a reaction to the frustrations we felt as our friends struggled through a long and winding immigration process," Owlchemy wrote in a Q&A. "We understood that creating a satire would be the best way to bring the issue to light and kickstart the process of getting people discussing immigration reform."
When Apple eventually blocked the game from its App Store, the developer released a modified, cute-ified Snuggle Truck for iOS. The unmodified version appeared on Google Play and PC (though not on Steam)
YANGON, Myanmar (AP) — Myanmar's government has vowed to take action against police officers shown beating villagers in a video that has circulated on the internet.
A front-page story on Monday in the state-owned Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper about the Nov. 5 incident was a rare official acknowledgment of abuses taking place in the western state of Rakhine. The authorities have been conducting counterinsurgency operations there since an attack in October by unidentified armed men killed nine border guards.
Human rights groups accuse security forces of abuses against the Muslim Rohingya minority in Rakhine, including rape, killings and the burning of more than 1,000 homes. Myanmar authorities have said accounts of abuses are unhelpful exaggerations spread by foreign media.
Monday's story, which cited the office of State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi The country's leader — and police, did not say what punishment the police might face, only that “measures are being taken to take action against those who violated police force rules.”
The story said the video clip was recorded by a police constable.
It said the “clearance operation” in the area of Maungdaw township leading to the incident began after six attackers on three motorcycles shot at 11 police officers on Nov. 3, killing one police corporal and wounding another.
The account said that police, acting on a tip, then raided a village looking for the attackers. It added that they were told that in the same village lived a man who distributed “fake information” and placards to fuel a protest there when diplomats visited on Nov. 3.
“The operation also uncovered six machetes, one knife and one spear,” the story said. “Following the operation, the police released the remaining villagers and urged them to support community peace in the village.”
It did not make clear how many villagers were detained or charged.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Luxury Wallpaper Market by Product Type ( Vinyl-based Wallpaper, Non-woven Wallpaper, Pure Paper Type Wallpaper, Fiber Type Wallpaper) by Application / End User ( Entertainment Places, Office, Household) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026
This report studies the Luxury Wallpaper Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Luxury Wallpaper Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Luxury Wallpaper (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Luxury Wallpaper Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/luxury-wallpaper-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Luxury Wallpaper Market : Product Type
• Vinyl-based Wallpaper
• Non-woven Wallpaper
• Pure Paper Type Wallpaper
• Fiber Type Wallpaper
Luxury Wallpaper Market : Application
• Entertainment Places
• Office
• Household
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/luxury-wallpaper-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Music Live Review: Sam Lee and Friends at the Wes Mem By
CREDIT: NPR.ORG
With a background as a wilderness survival expert and burlesque dancer, Sam Lee is hardly your stereotypical folkie. Not one born into the tradition, London-native Lee discovered traditional British folksong through old field recordings, which they listened to in their West End dressing room, between glittery-hotpant costume changes. But to learn second-hand was not enough – they had to get to the very heart of the tradition and hear it from those whose songs have been passed down through oral transmission. Against the advice of academics, who have dismissed rumours of living singers and material, Lee has spent years living among gypsy and traveller communities across the British Isles. These are some of the few communities still singing our indigenous folksongs – although in an age where we no longer have to make our own fun, family sing-arounds and generational transmission are lamentably waning. Mercury-Nominated Lee is something of a folksong activist, beginning to redefine the song-collector, champion their findings, and transform the sonorities and contexts of folk music for a new age.
On Thursday, Lee and their band played their first UK gig of the year, and they were visibly happy to be reunited on home ground – the past six months has been a whirlwind of international touring and Lee's outdoor concert series “Singing with Nightingales” (which is pretty much exactly what it says on the tin, plus campfires and bluebells). Moving from the Sheldonian to the Wes Mem last minute may have meant a slight drop in crowd numbers, but I actually felt this venue was much more fitting for the evening – stained glass windows cast a rainbow glow over the stage, and the pull of the performance, rife with storytelling, was only heightened by this intimacy. Lee treated listeners to a tapestry of reinterpreted folk ballads, introducing each with a story of its origins (who knew there is folksong to be collected just off the A40 Witney roundabout?) and how they came to learn it. Incredibly relaxed on stage, Lee draws you in and makes you feel like you're in a small living room gathering.
Through these ballads we were taken on a song-collecting journey of the British Isles: Gloucestershire (“The Hunting of the Hare”) to Aberdeenshire (“Morloch Maggie”), Oxfordshire (“O Yonders Hill”) to Hampshire (“The Bonny Bunch of Roses”) to name a few. Lee's voice is mellifluous, with edge where needed, and most stirring in their decoration of line. But this isn't your typical voice, fiddle, accordion fare – these ancient songs are dressed in new garb, from funk-led accompaniments, to bare piano and vocals, to pizzicato strings, to eastern-inspired drones and sonorities. Harmonies are nuanced and sometimes surprising. Textures build beyond what you'd expect and create drama. And with every song, Lee and Friends whip out more and more unusual instruments, from the twanging Jews Harp to the droning Shruti box and the resonant Mongolian dulcimer. Through Wexford and Kent I heard my stand-out favourites: “The Moss House” – depicting an old overgrown cottage – which Lee sees as a symbol of the ballad tradition, and perhaps, Lee's most popular release, “Goodbye My Darling”, collected “from a horse dealer in Kent” – clearly also the band favourite. It would be a crime not to mention the slickness of the band, though “Friends” is admittedly a much nicer term for this exceptional collective. Flora Curzon, on fiddle, was entrancing and effortless, Jon Whitten seemed to play everything (a huge variety of keys and guitars), and Josh Green on percussion was ever inventive – key to the ever-changing textures of the songs. Whilst accompanying Lee's meandering vocals, their onstage chemistry and cooperation is undeniable. The performance was also visually captivating throughout – Sam dancing dreamily, making their bandmembers grin, and at one point, the percussionist tapped the violin's strings with chopsticks as they played, creating an otherworldly, polyrhythmic, jangly sound (if you've ever wondered what ‘fiddlesticks' actually means, this is apparently it).
If you think you know what folk is, well, Lee is shaking up the scene. This is a man who sings with nightingales and knocks on caravan doors (and invites their audience to join them in a pre-election swimming protest in the Thames outside Parliament because “that's the one place they can't make us go away”). Their startling originality, plus their almost-evangelical commitment to the cause, make them well worth a listen – check out their two albums, A Ground of Its Own, and The Fade in Time. But Lee, plus band, live, is next-level. Catch them next on the roof garden of the Southbank Centre on the 8th of July.
NEW YORK (AP) - Iran's foreign minister tells AP that Iran will 'most likely' abandon nuclear deal if Trump pulls US out.
Dangal‘s success bash was star-studded, many actors who don't come out for parties stepped out of their home for this success party. Veteran actor Rekha who was also there at the party had brought a special gift for Aamir which left them in tears.
The Aamir Khan starrer received a huge round of applause for its amazing performances by the star cast and beautiful story.
Rekha who doesn't go to parties much came out to give Aamir a special present. Rekha brought a hand written letter for Aamir as they were touched watching the movie.
Aamir read the letter in the party and was moved with all the things the veteran actor wrote for him. Sources present in the part said, “Aamir was overwhelmed reading the letter, and was in tears. They said they will always keep the letter with them as not just the movie but this letter also holds a special place in their heart, as they especially came to the party to tell them how special the movie was to her.”
Why do the Andes exist? Why is it not a place of lowlands or narrow seas? Wouter Schellart, a geophysicist at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, has been pondering these questions for more than a decade. Now, they have found the answers using an advanced computer model. "It's a matter of enormous size, longevity and great depth", they said. "These aspects made the Andes the longest and second-highest mountain belt in the world."
All the other major mountain belts on Earth, such as the Himalaya and the Alps, were formed due to colliding continents. But there are no colliding continents in the Andes; rather, the Andes are located at a so-called subduction zone, a place where an oceanic tectonic plate sinks below another plate (in this case the Nazca plate sinking below the South American plate) into the Earth's interior, the mantle. There are numerous other subduction zones on Earth, such as in Greece and Indonesia, but these locations are characterized by small seas (such as the Aegean Sea) and tropical lowlands, not massive mountain chains. So the big question is: Why did a massive mountain chain form in South America?
Andean evolution
Schellart's model, which took more than two years to complete on Australia's supercomputer Raijin, has reproduced the evolution of the South American subduction zone, from start to present (initiating some 200 million years ago and thereby the oldest subduction zone in the world), to investigate the origin of the Andes. What came out? The size of the subduction zone, some 7000 km and thereby the largest in the world, is crucial for mountain building. What else came out? The first signs of crustal shortening and mountain formation started already in the mid Cretaceous, some 120-80 million years ago. Before this time there were elongated narrow seas at the western edge of South America rather than mountains. Form the mid Cretaceous onwards the subduction zone was deep enough to induce large-scale flow in the deep mantle, down to 2900 km, the boundary between the Earth's mantle and core.
These flows dragged South America westward, causing the continent to collide with the subduction zone and thereby forming the Andes. Because the South American subduction zone is so wide, it provides much resistance to migrate laterally, in particular in the centre. This is why the collisional forces between the South American continent and the subduction zone are largest in the centre, resulting in the highest mountains in the Central Andes and formation of the Altiplano, a high plateau at 4 km above sea level, but much lower mountains in the north and south.
Read more about this research in Nature Communications
###
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
View larger $14.98 $13.90 - Select Qty - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
8 in stock
CD SKU: 180203-70374-1
UPC: 780163509120
Part No: LKS35091
Weight: 0.10 lbs
Condition: New
Product Types: Products | Music & Spoken Word
Lines: Cult Cinema Icons
Formats: CD
Genres: Crime | Cult Cinema | Horror | Mystery | Thrillers
Studio: Lakeshore Records | Lionsgate
Original U.S. Release: October 29, 2004
Item Release Date: February 1, 2018
Rating: R
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Lionsgate and Lakeshore Records have released the Saw Anthology compilation soundtracks. The albums feature the original score from all eight movies in the Saw series composed by Charlie Clouser (Resident Evil: Extinction, Wayward Pines, Numbers, Death Sentence, Dead Silence). The Saw series was created by James Wan and Leigh Whannell in 2004 with Wan's original cult classic Saw and was followed by Saw II (2005), III (2006) & IV (2007) directed by Darren Lynn Bousman, Saw V directed by David Hackl in 2008, Saw VI (2009) & Saw 3D directed by Kevin Greutert in 2010 and last year's Jigsaw (directed by Michael & Peter Spierig). All eight films were released by Lionsgate.
Playlists
Last I Heard
Hello Paul
Sewer Runs
How Did You Know?
F**K This Shit
The Rules
Hello Zepp + Overture
Main Titles
Wilson Steel
Jigsaw Lair
Phone Message
Game Plan
Hello Xavier
Needle Pit
Their Work
Take You
Hello Eric
Footcuffed
Amanda
Surgery
Baptism
Fix Me
Shithole
Autopsy
Cherish
Research
It Says
Hair Puller
Jill Cold
Bed Ripper
School Daze
Partners
Just Begun Your Test by: Charlie Clouser Tape DeckLast I HeardHello PaulSewer RunsHow Did You Know?F**K This ShitThe RulesHello Zepp + OvertureMain TitlesWilson SteelJigsaw LairPhone MessageGame PlanHello XavierNeedle PitHis WorkTake YouHello EricFootcuffedAmandaSurgeryBaptismFix MeShitholeAutopsyCherishResearchIt SaysHair PullerJill ColdBed RipperSchool DazePartnersJust Begun Your Test by:
Specifications
Runtime: 121
Number of Discs: 1
Cast: Benito Martinez | Cary Elwes | Danny Glover | Dina Meyer | Ken Leung | Leigh Whannell | Michael Emerson | Monica Potter | Paul Gutrecht | Shawnee Smith | Tobin Bell
Directors: James Wan
Project Name: Saw
Composers: Charlie Clouser
Related Items
Categories
CD | Crime | Cult Cinema | Cult Cinema Icons | Featured | Horror | Lakeshore Records | Lionsgate | Music & Spoken Word | Mystery | Thrillers
Share. Weapons sheathed in American territories. Weapons sheathed in American territories.
Upcoming multiplayer barbarian survival game Conan Exiles launches on the Xbox One Game Preview programme this Wednesday, August 16 - but gamers in Europe and America are going to see a slight difference in gameplay, and that difference involves genitals.
Specifically, as reported over at Eurogamer, European gamers will be able to play with as much or as little clothing as they like, right down to parading round in birthday suits; the game even embraces the spirit of customisation by including a slider to increase or decrease the size of your - ahem - weapon.
The more demure American version, however, will only allow for partial (i.e. top-half) nudity. This applies to both male and female barbarians in both territories; female genitalia is also visible in the European version although not as, erm, dramatically.
The reason, as explained by Community Manager Jens Erik in an Xbox One video stream, has to do with the differing age-rating organisations in the two territories.
Europe's PEGI rating system has Conan Exiles listed as 18+, whereas the American ESRB system currently lists the title as an M. This rating would increase were full nudity included, and concerns that this would restrict a broader release of the game led the team to make the decision to tone down the game's content.
On August 16, the game will also receive the free expansion Frozen North, along with a huge update for the core game, focusing on rebalancing certain mechanics; specifically the tutorial, air temperatures and AI, along with more cosmetic enhancements such as facial hair and physique sliders. As detailed by game director Joel Bylos, the team are considering this the beginning of 'Early Access Phase 2'.
Following the game's lengthy early access period, Conan Exiles is expected to release on PC, Xbox One and PS4 in early 2018.
Matt Davidson is a freelance writer for IGN whose mother dreamed that one day he'd be writing a piece about barbarian genitalia. Follow them on Twitter (where genitalia very rarely features).
DENVER (AP) — Jurors on Monday began weighing dueling lawsuits over Taylor Swift's accusation that a former radio host groped them during a 2013 meet-and-greet after attorneys for both sides pointed to a photo as proof that the alleged assault either did or did not happen.
During closing arguments in federal court, David Mueller's attorney questioned why Swift was smiling in a pre-concert photo taken when they said Mueller reached under their dress and grabbed them backside.
“Look at Ms. Swift's face. Is that the face of someone who's in shock, who is upset?” Gabriel McFarland said while showing the photograph of Mueller and Swift at a backstage event.
Swift, who testified forcefully last week, cried and wiped their face as their mother touched their right leg. Andrea Swift touched their daughter's hand as McFarland said the photograph meant nothing.
When the attorney suggested that Swift would not have kept their arm over Mueller's if they had grabbed their backside, Swift silently mouthed “wow.”
Swift's lawyer also pointed to Mueller's expression in the photo as proof. Without using the expletive, lawyer Douglas Baldridge said, “That is an S-eating smile right there.”
The photo was shown several times to jurors but has been sealed by the court.
The civil trial came after Mueller sued Swift, their mother and the singer's former radio liaison Frank Bell, saying they got them fired from their job at a Denver country music station and seeking up to $3 million in compensation for their ruined career. They deny touching the pop star.
U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed the claim against Swift on Friday, saying Mueller did not present enough evidence. The six-woman, two-man jury is still considering the claims against Andrea Swift and Bell.
The judge also said the former DJ is only entitled to two years' worth of earnings — about $300,000 — if jurors side with him.
Swift has countersued, alleging assault and seeking a symbolic $1 judgment. They said they want to serve as an example to other women who have been assaulted.
Jurors much reach a unanimous verdict on each claim.
The singer's lawyer said during a closing argument that Mueller lost audio recordings they secretly took during a meeting with their bosses shortly after they were fired. Baldridge accused Mueller of changing their story and noted that their side never disclosed what the lost evidence was at trial.
“The guy did it. Don't be fooled,” they told jurors.
McFarland told jurors that Swift's account of what happened is inconsistent with the testimony of every other member of their team. They also said Mueller immediately asked someone to call the police when they were confronted by security guards.
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” they said.
They also cast doubt on the claim of former Swift security guard Greg Dent that they saw Mueller touch Swift while the photo was shot but did not act because they did not think they were in danger.
McFarland said the photographer who took the image, Stephanie Simbeck, “started it all” by pulling the photo of Mueller, their then-girlfriend and Swift from dozens taken at the event and showing it to Swift, who identified Mueller as the person who touched them
Baldridge told jurors that Swift is standing up for all women and saying, “No means no.”
They characterized Mueller as an aggressor and asked jurors: “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
OPEC President Qatar's Energy Minister Mohammed bin Saleh al-Sada addresses a news conference after a meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) in Vienna, Austria, November 30, 2016. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
DOHA Qatar sees Britain's exit from the European Union as an opportunity to boost supplies of liquefied natural gas to the world's fifth-largest economy and is open to investing in British energy assets, Qatar's energy minister said.
The Gulf state has 40 billion pounds ($50 billion) of investments in Britain and delivers 90 percent of Britain's imports of liquefied natural gas.
Qatar, the world's biggest exporter of LNG, pledged 5 billion pounds of investment in Britain on Monday in a show of support as Prime Minister Theresa May begins the formal process of negotiating a divorce settlement with the EU.
"The UK will have a new era post-Brexit ... The negotiations will start among Europeans and nobody is extremely clear about where the negotiations will lead to," energy minister Mohammed bin Saleh al-Sada said in an interview late on Monday.
"However, we can sense the possibility of the UK's manufacturing power going higher, and with that the need for energy. For that, Qatar will always be there to supply the energy required. Certainly we can contribute to the UK's need."
Britain started receiving LNG from Qatar in 2008 via ships that dock at South Hook in Kent, one of Europe's largest LNG terminals, which is owned by Qatar.
Qatar faces rising competition in Asia from other LNG producers as new projects in the United States and Australia come online in the next few years, and Doha has said it will focus on expanding contracts in Europe.
"Europe is an important market. The UK is a very important market," Sada said.
When global oversupply of gas peaks in the next two to three years, a possible rise in demand for energy in Europe and Britain could present an opportunity for Qatar, they added.
Doha has made billions of dollars securing long-term contracts with Asian consumers such as Japan and has the world's largest fleet of LNG carriers.
Like other Gulf economies, Qatar is trying to restructure its economy to rely less on hydrocarbons, and Sada said Britain could contribute. "They can also help us in our endeavour of diversifying the economy - we can complement each other."
Sada said Qatar supported a free-trade agreement with Britain that the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council, which also includes Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, hopes to draw up ahead of Brexit to ensure preferential arrangements.
"Qatar is supporting that. That would be excellent. Qatar will do its best to further this agreement."
The head of Qatar Petroleum has said Qatar plans to increase its investments in upstream energy assets overseas. It has been exploring for gas in Cyprus and looking at assets in Mozambique, sources told Reuters last year.
Asked whether Qatar would consider investing in British energy assets, Sada said: "Although I cannot mention projects by name, Qatar is fully open-minded about considering projects as long as they are economically viable."
(Editing by Andrew Torchia and Edmund Blair)
Senators 4, Bruins 3 (OT)
(Ottawa leads best-of-seven series 2-1)
BOSTON — Bobby Ryan played the role of hero Monday night and the Ottawa Senators were able to overcome a meltdown in Beantown.
That loud sigh of relief you heard Monday came from TD Garden after the Senators blew a three-goal lead in the second period and still managed to skate away with a 4-3 overtime victory to take a 2-1 first-round series lead over the Boston Bruins.
The Senators were able to get up off the mat after Ryan scored the winner at 5:43 of overtime on a power play.
Though the Senators pushed the pace and dominated a lot of play, goaltender Craig Anderson struggled and allowed the Bruins to tie the score in the second period with goals by David Pastrnak, David Backes and Noel Acciari.
Two goals by Mike Hoffman and one by Derick Brassard against Bruins netminder Tuukka Rask had given the Senators their 3-0 lead.
There was no way this game should have reached OT. The Senators should have put it away long before then, so were forced to do the extra work for the second consecutive game.
The Senators were coming off a 4-3 overtime win in Game 2 at home on Saturday.
“Every game is a new game and it's a new story. Even if we won the last game it's back at zero again,” Senators head coach Guy Boucher said before Monday's game. “We lost the first one, it was back at zero for the second one. The whole momentum stuff, I don't believe in that.
“Playoffs aren't about momentum, they're about urgency and they're about desperation. You look at the last two games and both teams showed a lot of desperation in the third period. The team that was the better team eventually got the game. For us, it's not about what's happened in the past, it's about the present.”
This game had all of that and more.
After the Senators pulled out to that 3-0 lead early in the second period, the Bruins came charging back and Pastrnak tied it up on the power play with 6:09 remaining before intermission. That goal for Boston came following the end of a short 5-on-3 after the Senators took back-to-back penalties.
Not long after Hoffman gave the Senators what should have been a comfortable lead with their goal 3:42 into the second, the Bruins got back in it with two goals in a span of 37 seconds. Acciari got the Bruins on the board at 6:05, tipping a shot by John-Michael Liles by Anderson. Then Backes, in alone after a puck bounced past Ryan, pulled Boston to within a goal by beating Anderson at 6:47.
There is no question the Senators got off to the kind of start they wanted by outshooting the Bruins 10-3 and scoring twice in the first period. The Bruins had only one shot in the last 16 minutes of the period.
The Senators struck quickly with two goals in a span of 35 seconds.
The way they opened the scoring will be the highlight of the night on every reel in Canada. A perfect rainbow pass by captain Erik Karlsson from their own end sent Hoffman in alone and they did a perfect backhand reach across to beat Rask on the glove side at 7:15.
Brassard, who was brought in because they have traditionally been a strong performer at playoff time, scored their second of the post-season by beating Rask on the glove side at 7:40.
The Senators will face the Bruins in Game 4 on Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. It was announced Monday that Game 5 of the National Hockey League Eastern Conference quarterfinal would start at 7:30 p.m. Friday back in Ottawa.
bgarrioch@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/sungarrioch
Topless Bill Cosby protester: 'If I had been a little older… that could have been me'
Topless Bill Cosby protester: 'If I had been a little older… that could have been me' Apr 19
Lately, I've found myself frowning in Judgey McJudgey-like disgust at much of the “unladylike” behavior in today's pop-culture sphere. I'm thinking Cardi B. twerking their pregnant hiney all over Coachella to Stormy Daniels' admission that they had a nightcap with a married, now-president President Trump.
Messy. Messy. Messy.
But then I began to think deeply about my cavalier use of the word, “messy.” I realized two things: I was a hater. And that these alleged messy women were #winning.
Then I thought, “Thank God.”
Because if these women are winning — independent women who live lives on their own terms, with their own cash, and their definition of personal joy that doesn't fit what you may or may not think of them — then maybe I have a shot, too.
From Mary Magdalene to The Scarlet Letter‘s Hester Prynne and beyond, woman with questionable morality who live undisciplined lives have been socially shunned.
Despite this, messy women are a mainstay in pop culture. Sure, their talent may have catapulted them to superstar levels, but the masses still shook their collective heads.
The messy woman wasn't idolized. They were pitied. Them talent was lauded, but tainted because it came in such a messy package.
These days, however, authenticity reigns, powered by social media. Instead of shamefully hiding their indiscretions, the messy woman is clear about their past. They even advertise it. And she's all the better for it.
Don't believe me? That's fine because while you sit in smug rumination ex-stripper Cardi B's their first album, Invasion of Privacy, debut at Number 1 on the Billboard 200. Just two weeks ago, they appeared on Saturday Night Live where they dropped the news of their pregnancy — they revealed their baby bump in a form fitting white Christian Siriano number during a performance — on their own terms.
“In the past the only way women could have political and social capital was to follow the rules about women's morality, chastity and reputation,” said Kathleen M. Brown, the David Boies professor of history and the director of the Alice Paul Center for Research on gender, sexuality and women's studies at the University of Pennsylvania. “Women now aren't losing political and social capital by breaking the rules. They are actually gaining it.”
There is a part of me that even wants to thank the messy woman who stood in their truths this month, despite the side-eyes of millions.
Janice Dickinson, the ex-super model who testified against Bill Cosby two weeks ago, clapped back at the defense's attempts to discredit them by bringing up their messy past. “So what?” they said. Cosby “raped me in Tahoe.”
When Twitter trolls started attacking Daniels, they had nothing to hide. “Pretty sure dumb whores go to hell,” one wrote.
““Whew! Glad I'm a smart one,” they shot back.
But by Dickinson and Daniels's ability to tell their stories so candidly, justice may be served. Daniels' account of their night with Trump and subsequent cooperation with federal investigators may ferret out allegations of corruption at the highest levels of our government and Dickinson's account of their night with Cosby may brand them with the moniker he's been avoiding for decades: rapist.
Maybe, thanks to women's refusal to be ashamed about their pasts, we ladies will stop being the scapegoats for men's slimy behavior. Because it really has nothing to do with what we are wearing or whether or not we decide to have a nightcap in a man's room because, honestly, it's rare that we are behaving messy by ourselves.
“Men in power count on a woman's shame and stigma to cover their tracks,” Brown said. “He's counted on their desire for respectability … and that's just not as important anymore.”
American woman's respectability, Brown said, was founded on the idea that a well-behaved woman was one who was seen, but not heard. No woman who was held in high esteem even had a public persona. They married. They stayed home. They had children. They were industrious.
The respectability rules remained in play through the women's rights movement. During the early days of women's rights and suffragette movements, its leaders like Jane Cunningham Croly and Ida B. Wells, were socialites who were above reproach. Their messages were radical, so their personal lives couldn't afford to be. “By living conventional lives, they held on to the notions of their own respectability, so people listened to them,” Brown said.
The funny thing is, through, all the high points of women's social and political history — whether we are talking the end of the corset and women's suffrage, or the free-love, burning bra era of the 1970s, or I'll-take-your-man hip hop era from the 1990s — women who were considered aspirational embodied a cookie-cutter kind of social neatness. I mean, I liked Lil' Kim, but they were my very much kept under wraps alter ego.
The growth of reality TV especially The Real Housewives and Keeping Up with the Kardashians helped shift the narrative. What was once criticized as messy behavior was celebrated as realness. Transparency. Many of us — myself included — shook our head in disdain. This was making us all women look bad. But, really, in whose eyes? With the advent of Instagram in 2010, behind-the-scenes secrets became front of the camera truths and people like Cardi B. began building careers around antics that would have remained behind closed doors before.
And since there is a little messy in all of us, we liked and liked and liked.
Speaking of Instagram, the comedian Tiffany Haddish, who has been building quite the messy repertoire as of late with the whole who-bit-Beyonce's face drama, acted what many of us might consider a fool on Instagram this Sunday, putting a cyber smack down on the TMZ photographer who, they said, watched their struggle with bags at Los Angeles International Airport and then asked them for an interview. They aren't banking on that kind of realness that now was he?
But who was the breakout star in the highest grossing opening for a live action comedy last year? Haddish. Who nailed a Netflix deal in February? Haddish again. And who is starring in TBS' funny comedy The Last O.G that has been renewed after just three episodes? That too, would be Haddish.
“In being messy, women are able to push the boundaries,” said Aine Mulloy, the 29-year-old founder of the woman's social network, #GirlCrew. “Women like Tiffany Haddish show you can be unapologetically yourself — and utterly hilarious — in a world that tells you otherwise … It's important that women are shown as they truly are … the highs, the lows, and everything in between.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
HOUSTON – KHOU 11 Stands for Houston, and this includes standing for our furry friends.
Join KHOU 11 Morning News anchors Russ Lewis and Lisa Hernandez from 3 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. Friday, June 1, at the Harris County Animal Shelter.
The animal shelter is in crisis mode with overcrowding, and we are helping these animals find new and loving homes. The shelter is offering $10 adoptions for dogs and cats that are ready to walk out the door, a cost that includes shots, spay/neuter and a microchip.
KHOU 11 News will be sharing pets of all sizes who are available for adoption or fostering.
Photos: Dogs & cats available at the Harris County Animal Shelter
Photos: Dogs & cats available at the Harris County Animal Shelter (May 29, 2018) The Harris County Animal Shelter received 200 dogs and cats over the weekend, putting the shelter well over capacity. If you can adopt or foster, visit the shelter at 612 Canino Road or go to CountyPets.com. 01 / 145 The Harris County Animal Shelter received 200 dogs and cats over the weekend, putting the shelter well over capacity. If you can adopt or foster, visit the shelter at 612 Canino Road or go to CountyPets.com. 01 / 145
Friday, June 1, 2018
3 to 5:30 p.m.
Harris County Animal Shelter
612 Canino Road
Houston, Texas 77076
Follow KHOU 11 News on Facebook.
© 2018 KHOU
TWO weeks ago there was no funding for a vaccine that protects against four strains of meningococcal disease — but by yesterday there were pledges from both sides of politics.
Federal Health Minister Greg Hunt announced the vaccine Nimenrix would be added to the National Immunisation Program by July, to protect children against the A, C, W and Y strains.
Currently, babies can get a free meningococcal C vaccine but parents have to pay for the ACWY and B strain vaccines.
Mr Hunt took a swipe at the State Government, which last week promised to fund a quad-strain vaccine for young children because it said Canberra was dragging its feet.
“It was well understood that it was due before the Pharmaceutical Benefits Advisory Committee this week, and I think WA made the announcement knowing that, in the end, they wouldn't have to pay,” they said.
But WA Health Minister Roger Cook said the State's $5.7 million vaccine program would still run this year, particularly as the Federal program had no catch-up vaccinations.
“The PBAC holding a closed, out-of-session meeting after we made our announcement just shows we had to force their hand to speed up the process,” they said.
At the Meningitis Centre Australia in Perth, the parents of three-year-old Robbie Buchan, who lost most of their limbs to meningococcal B disease, were celebrating.
But Iain Buchan and Desiree Scofield said they were still fighting for a free B vaccine for children.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLAINS TOWNSHIP -- After Wednesday's shooting outside Washington, a member of congress is being hailed for saving another's life by using a tourniquet.
It's a simple thing that medical experts say everyone should learn how to use.
"I was able to make it to the dugout, take off my belt, one of the staffers was wounded, take off the belt, myself and another person put the tourniquet on their leg,” said Representative Mo Brooks of Alabama.
It happened in just a few moments: a tourniquet that doctors say saved a congressional staffer's life after they were shot in the leg at a congressional baseball team practice Wednesday morning.
"I continue to be disturbed by the number of mass casualties that we observe, most recently here in the Weis Markets up in Tunkhannock. Just before that, another five victims down in Orlando and it continues to be a problem that we face, but just seeing that somebody, an innocent bystander, was able to save someone's life should empower the rest of us,” said Dr. Brian Frank, a Geisinger trauma surgeon.
Geisinger participates in the national "Stop the Bleed" campaign, where medical experts train people to make and use life-saving tourniquets.
According to statistics, severe bleeding is a common cause of death during an emergency situation, and 35 percent of victims die before they even reach a hospital.
"Ideally, you place a tourniquet between two fingerbreadths or two inches above the wound. You want to initially pull it as tight as possible because this will initially stop the bleeding,” said Dr. Frank.
Already, Geisinger's medical staff has taught stop the bleed techniques to all kinds of people. The program is free and available to public groups and organizations.
"There was an assault outside the Scranton Headquarters, Scranton Police Headquarters where a victim was assaulted and sustained an injury to an artery in their arm. This officer remembering the training from the day prior successfully applied a tourniquet and transferred the patient to a hospital where they underwent emergency surgery to repair the artery and the tourniquet saved that patient's life,” said Dr. Frank.
Geisinger staff train onsite using realistic simulators.
If you or your organization are interested in the program, contact (570) 703-7329 or krbommer@geisinger.edu.
PARIS (AP) — The son of Equatorial Guinea's president is going on trial in France for corruption, money laundering and embezzlement after a years-long investigation.
Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue, who is also Equatorial Guinea's second vice president, faces up to 10 years in prison if found guilty of acquiring real estate, luxury cars and other goods in France with public funds from their country.
Obiang's lawyer, Emmanuel Marsigny, said they will ask for a delay in proceedings when the hearing starts Monday, arguing that their client — who is not expected to attend the trial — did not get enough time to prepare their defense.
The International Court of Justice, the United Nations' highest court, refused to order France to halt the prosecution last month after Equatorial Guinea argued that Obiang had immunity.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Saturday Night Live star Cecily Strong has it on good authority that Melania Trump is secretly a fan of the comedian's humorous portrayal of them on the show.
During an interview on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, the 33-year-old SNL star revealed that they had briefly met the First Lady when Donald Trump, the then-Republican presidential nominee, controversially hosted the show in 2015.
While Strong added that they didn't “remember [Melania] saying anything” to them directly, they claimed that during a dinner for the show, Melania “Pointed at me when they walked in, and then I think [Donald Trump] said, ‘She likes your impression.' ”
“I've heard it through the grapevine that they watch the show and likes it,” they continued.
RELATED: Melania and the Other Women in Donald Trump's Life Are ‘Not Sorry' in SNL‘s Beyoncé Parody
Strong also revealed that she's convinced the First Lady is purposefully playing up their “curious icicle” side to give the cast some funny material to work with.
“When they decorated the White House for Christmas, I think that was a gift they gave to us,” Strong continued. “And that white dress staring at the ballerina, that was for us.”
SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty
RELATED VIDEO: PEOPLE Writer Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack
Strong had previously revealed that when it comes to playing Melania, they try “to play them likeable.”
“She's glamorous, and I don't really like to go mean with my comedy,” the actor explained during an interview with Today in 2016. “She never asked to be political, so when I play her, we try to keep it nice and keep them fun. I try to play them likable.”
They also admitted that they had actually “asked” to play the First Lady on the show. “I love her,” they added.
OAK PARK, Mich. – A line of truckers along with the Michigan State Police helped a man who was considering suicide on a highway overpass.
Police received a call about a man on a bridge over I-696 early Tuesday morning around 1 a.m., according to WJBK,
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Michigan State Police troopers blocked all lanes of traffic, then waved through several semi-truck drivers and asked them to park under the overpass on both the westbound and eastbound sides of the interstate.
In total, 13 semi trucks parked under the overpass to shorten the distance the man would fall if they jumped, WJBK reports.
Negotiators spoke with the man for several hours, and thankfully they did not jump off the bridge. They walked off the overpass, and Huntington Woods officers took them to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak.
You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911. There are so many people that can help you make the choice to get help and live! It is our hope to never see another photo like this again. pic.twitter.com/cDfm1CK1BZ — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Important note: If you or a loved one is feeling distressed, please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. It provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911.
MOSS POINT, Miss. -- Moss Point police have a man in custody for felony fleeing, felony child endangerment and possession of a controlled substance.
The incident happened on Saturday around Main and Joseph Street. Police noticed a vehicle traveling south bound on Main Street during the early morning hours.
When the officer attempted to pull over the vehicle, the driver, 24-year-old Travis Pierce sped off, striking a power pole leading officers on a brief pursuit which ended shortly.
After the vehicle was stopped, officers found there were five passengers inside, one of whom was an 18-month-old toddler. Further search of the vehicle yielded multiple substances believed to be illegal narcotics.
Pierce was taken into custody and charged with possession of a controlled substance, felony child endangerment along with felony fleeing.  They are currently being held in the Jackson County Adult Detention Center on a $25,000 bond.
Those who have any additional information about the crime is asked to contact Detective Vince Nye or the Moss Point Police Department at 228-475-1711.
You may also contact Crime Stoppers at 800-787-5898 or visit the Mississippi Coast Crime Stoppers website at mscoastcrimestoppers.com.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) - Jose Altuve sat behind a table set up on the field at the Houston Astros' spring training complex, and their teammates looked on as the World Series champions announced their $163.5 million, seven-year contract, the longest in team history.
"You made me more nervous, because I don't like talking in front of a lot of people. You know that," they said
File-This is a 2018 photo shows Jose Altuve of the Houston Astros baseball team. A person familiar with the negotiations says AL MVP Altuve and the World Series champion Astros have agreed to a contract that guarantees them an additional $151 million over five seasons from 2020-24. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Friday, March 16, 2018, because the agreement had not been announced. (AP Photo/John Raoux, File)
Houston finalized a deal Monday that guaranteed the AL MVP an additional $151 million over five seasons.
"Certainly a fan favorite. Our fans love Jose," owner Jim Crane said. "Winner, MVP - what else can you say? They always lead by example. When I talk to the guys in the locker room, everybody is better because of Jose, and he's a great leader. So, Jose, you're the heart of the team. We're happy to have you for the long-term."
The 27-year-old second baseman had been among baseball's best bargains. They agreed in 2013 to a deal that originally guaranteed $12.5 million from 2014-17 and included club options for 2018 at $6 million and 2019 at $6.5 million.
Their new deal keeps those salaries and adds a $21 million signing bonus, of which $1 million is payable upon the deal's approval by the commissioner's office and $10 million each on July 1 in 2018 and 2019. They get annual salaries of $26 million from 2020-24.
Altuve all gets a no-trade provision, a hotel suite on road trips and premium stadium seats. From 2021-24, their salaries in the remainder of the contract would increase by $3 million if they are voted MVP, $2 million if they finish second and $1 million if they finish third.
"This a very important day for me," they said. "It was a priority, because that way it doesn't take attention from the season."
Altuve would have been eligible for free agency after the 2019 season. The 5-foot-6 Altuve hit .346 last season to win their second straight AL batting title and third in four seasons. They had 24 homers, 82 RBIs and 32 stolen bases.
"There's some stability that comes with writing Jose's name in the lineup every single day," manager A.J. Hinch said, "and to think that he's going to be the franchise player for years to come is good for him, it's good for the organization, it's obviously good for me as a manager and most importantly is good for their teammates because he's the most reliable player I've ever been around."
After winning its first World Series title, Houston also hopes to reach more long-term deals. Pitcher Dallas Keuchel and designatted hitter Evan Gattis are eligible for free agency after this season.
Houston added pitcher Justin Verlander for its stretch run last fall and Gerrit Cole in a trade during the offseason.
"We'd love to keep all the guys I'm looking at here for their entire careers," general manager Jeff Luhnow said. "Jim is committed to keeping the best team on the field for as long as possible and giving us a chance to win multiple championships, and part of that is developing our own players and keeping our own players and bringing in the right types of players. And we've done that. We'll see what the future holds but we certainly have a desire and an intention to keep our core together as long as possible."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
April 20 Sunlight Real Estate Investment Trust :
* In March and April 2017, entered into several bilateral facility agreements
* Bilateral facility agreements with certain lenders for granting of new term loan to Sunlight REIT of HK$3.625 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barnet midfielder Dan Sweeney will serve the first of a three match ban against Mansfield Town tomorrow.
The Football Association have deemed an incident missed by the match officials in last weekend's 1-1 draw at Cheltenham Town worthy of a red card and have dealt a retrospective ban.
Sweeney will also miss the matches against Notts County and Yeovil Town.
Cheltenham play Grimsby Town away on Saturday.
An immigrant in Seattle protected by the so-called “DACA” or “dreamer” program is currently being held in a Tacoma detention center. It's believed to be the first immigration arrest of its kind under the Trump administration.
Attorneys say federal agents went to the home of 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina on Friday. They were looking for their father, who has an order to be deported from the country. But both men were taken into custody.
Attorney Matt Adams is with the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project in Seattle. They don't understand why Medina was taken along with their father.
"It's really confusing why immigration enforcement officers insisted on arresting him," Adams said. "Yet, they shipped them to the detention center in Tacoma."
Adams says they believe the young man was apprehended by mistake.
Ramirez Medina has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, also known as DACA.
Adams says the man is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained and not immediately released. They believe it does not signal a policy change, but rather a rare situation where an enforcement operation has gone awry.
Copyright 2017 KUOW.
New York's Aaron Judge went 0 for 3 and is hitless in seven at-bats in the series with five strikeouts.
The Yankees lost consecutive games for the first time since they were swept at home in a three-game series by the Indians from Aug. 28-30. Now, they need to sweep three in a row from Cleveland.
Down 8-3, facing New York's vaunted bullpen, the Indians came back.
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green, another one of the Yankees' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled. Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch.
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction — it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said there wasn't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge. They said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting they should've contested the call, but it was too late.
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7, triggering a seismic celebration.
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland's first post-season slam since Jim Thome in 1999, Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman, then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees.
When Lindor reached the plate, they wrapped their arms around Jason Kipnis waiting in the batter's box.
Bruce, who has done everything since coming over in an August trade, led off the eighth with their homer to left off reliever David Robertson, who pitched 3 1-3 scoreless innings and earned the win in the wild-card game over Minnesota.
Bruce ripped a 3-1 pitch into the left-field bleachers to tie it. When they reached second, Lindor was out of the dugout waving around their teammate as the Indians had caught the Yankees.
Five innings later, the Indians finally broke the tie. They matched the longest post-season game in Cleveland history — Tony Pena's homer in the 13th beat Boston in Game 1 of the 1995 ALDS.
Kluber wasn't himself. Not even close.
The right-hander, who led the AL in wins, ERA and intimidation, didn't get out of the third inning as Francona pulled them after allowing Hicks' three-run homer.
It was the shortest outing this season for Kluber, and as they slowly walked off the mound, Cleveland's stunned crowd gave them a polite ovation and several teammates approached them to offer consolation.
This was a shocker to the Indians, who started Trevor Bauer in the opener so they could bring back Kluber in Game 2 and then use them again if the series goes five games. But after the way the Yankees roughed up their ace, Cleveland's plans appear flawed.
The Indians tied it 2-2 in the first, but lost Encarnacion.
Sabathia gave up a two-out walk and hit Encarnacion on the right knee to load the bases before Carlos Santana followed with a two-run single.
Bruce followed with a liner up the middle that was gloved by leaping shortstop Didi Gregorius, who dived headfirst into second to try and double up Encarnacion. Cleveland's free-swinging DH scrambled back, but jammed their foot into the base and rolled their ankle badly.
Encarnacion stayed on the ground and rolled around in the infield dirt in obvious pain while waiting for medical attention. They were helped to their feet and had to be assisted off the field, but not after stopping halfway to the dugout because they were in such discomfort.
Encarnacion is the biggest bat in Cleveland's lineup — they hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs this season — and the Indians aren't the same without him.
BRANTLEY'S RETURN
Sidelined for Cleveland's deep post-season run in 2016, Michael Brantley is along for the ride this year and the plan — before Encarnacion got hurt — was for the All-Star to start Game 3 in left.
They replaced Encarnacion in the second and went 0 for 5.
UP NEXT
Carrasco went 11-3 with a 2.65 ERA in 17 road starts, the most by an Indians pitcher since Cliff Lee won 12 in 2008. Tanaka, who struck out a career-high 15 in their last start, will be making their second post-season start for the Yankees. They lost the wild-card game in 2015.
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
WOODSTOCK, Ala. (AP) - MöllerTech, a German auto supplier, has opened a $46.3 million plant in central Alabama.
Company officials say 222 employees will be hired at the new supply plant by the end of 2019. Al.com reported the ribbon-cutting ceremony was held recently, just 16 months after the company announced it would build the plant in Bibb County.
Steve Jordan, President of MöllerTech's North American division, says the supply plant currently has 50 employees.
It will be next door to Mercedes-Benz's new Global Logistics Center in an industrial park.
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International CEO Jason Hoff attended the ribbon cutting to welcome MöllerTech.
MöllerTech's parent company, MöllerGroup, has had a business relationship with Mercedes since the 1950s.
The German company also develops interior parts for Audi, BMW, Daimler, GM, Honda, Porche, Rolls-Royce and Toyota.
ENID, Okla. (AP) - Flights involving the main training aircraft at an Oklahoma air base have been grounded for the second time in three months as military officials investigate several incidents involving a lack of oxygen on board.
The "operational pause" of all the T-6 Texan aircraft at the Vance Air Force Base began Thursday.
Maj. Gen. Patrick Doherty says the base is working fast to make changes "to everyone's training, general awareness, checklist procedures, and possibly modify aircrew flying equipment to mitigate risk to the aircrew while we tackle this issue head-on to safeguard everyone flying T-6s."
The pause comes after the U.S. Air Force announced an investigation last month into problems with oxygen that have resulted in the grounding of some training aircraft over the last several months.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It appears someone at the Water Corporation believes the waterwise message should be used for all types of flora, including those more questionable plants.
Earlier today, the WA utility sent out a tweet, which has since been deleted, advising West Aussies to embrace the waterwise message by “going easy on water supplies” when tending to their plants such as sunflowers and tea tree.
The important public service announcement was accompanied by a photo featuring Sesame Street's Ernie watering a pot plant, however the plant was literally pot - marijuana.
Seconds after the tweet went out, it was pounced on by members of the Twittersphere who were quick to point out the unfortunate mistake.
According to the Water Corp, the inclusion of Ernie watering the marjuana plant was an innocent mistake.
Market Scenario:
As a statistical tool for delivering information, the big data as a service helps many enterprises to implement, understand, and gain insights from a huge set of raw and unstructured information. One of the major factors driving the growth of Big Data as a Service Market is the growing requirement of the structured data analysis. As the amount of data keeps on increasing, there is a huge requirement of data analysis helping the organizations to achieve their tasks and fulfill their requirements. Additionally, there is a huge demand for predictive analysis and data science, which is also expected to drive the market growth. The competitive analysis of big data as a service market comprises of many large vendors. IBM had recently made changes and developments to its Watson Data Platform. This platform includes features for data scientists and researchers for data cataloging and data refining. This helps higher authorities in an enterprise to analyze and prepare artificial intelligence related applications for improving the data visibility to secure private data.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1209
Key Players
The prominent players in the market of BDaaS are- IBM (U.S.), Oracle Corporation (U.S.), Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), Amazon Web Services (U.S.), Google (U.S.), SAP SE (Germany), Cazena (U.S.), Arcadia Data (U.S.), DataTorrent (U.S.), DataHero (U.S.) among others.
Segmentation
By services , the market is segmented into HaaS (Hadoop as a Service), DaaS (Data as a Service), and AaaS (Analytics as a Service).
, the market is segmented into HaaS (Hadoop as a Service), DaaS (Data as a Service), and AaaS (Analytics as a Service). By deployment , the market is segmented into on-premise, on-cloud, and hybrid.
, the market is segmented into on-premise, on-cloud, and hybrid. By industry , the market is segmented into BFSI, manufacturing, retail, healthcare, media & entertainment, government among other.
, the market is segmented into BFSI, manufacturing, retail, healthcare, media & entertainment, government among other. By organization size , the market is segmented into the small and medium enterprise and large enterprise.
, the market is segmented into the small and medium enterprise and large enterprise. On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world.
Regional Analysis
The global market for big data as a service is estimated to grow at a significant rate during the forecast period. The geographical analysis of big data as a service market is covered for the regions such as North America, Europe (including Russia), Asia Pacific (including Australia and New Zealand) and rest of the world (including the Middle East, Africa, and Southern America). Among the regions and countries mentioned above, the big data as a service market was largely dominated by North America in 2016. North America is much occupied by various key players, and a majority of them reside in the United States. Additionally, higher adoption of big data as a service across various industrial segments contributes towards the growth of this market in North America.
The big data as a service market in Europe is going through a significant change. The big data as a service market has seen an increased application in IT & telecommunication sector. There are, at present, many developments being done in the big data and technologies related to it. Comparing with North America, Europe lacks most of the prominent players. North America holds more than 60% of the top prominent players providing services in this market. Europe and North America are the technologically advanced regions, and the factors affecting the growth of this market is increasing deployment of advanced big data as a service features.
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/big-data-as-a-service-market-1209
Intended Audience
Big Data as a Service services providers
Network Component providers
Hadoop service providers
Software Developers
Analytics software developers
Government Agencies
Electronic Device Manufacturers
Value-Added Resellers
Security agencies
Research Firms
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIST OF TABLES
Table1 World Population By Major Regions (2017 To 2030)
Table2 Global Big Data As A Service Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table3 North America Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table4 Europe Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table5 Asia Pacific Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table6 The Middle East & Africa Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table7 Latin America Big Data As A Service Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table8 Global Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Regions, 2017-2023
Table9 North America Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table10 Europe Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table11 Asia Pacific Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table12 The Middle East & Africa Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table13 Latin America Big Data As A Service By Deployment Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table14 Global Deployment Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table15 Global Deployment Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table16 Global Deployment Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table17 North America Big Data As A Service Market, By Country
Table18 North America Big Data As A Service Market, By Deployment
Continued…
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
What Brian Bowen likes about Columbia, USC Brian Bowen speaks at the NBA combine on May 18, 2018, in Chicago. Andrew Ramspacher ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Brian Bowen speaks at the NBA combine on May 18, 2018, in Chicago. Andrew Ramspacher
London, UK, – Trade Facilities Services, an electrical testing company comes with different types of electrical certificates in London. At Trade Facilities Services, you'll find all the types of electrical safety certificates. They are experts in EICR and Safety Certificates, Electrical Inspection and Testing, PAT Testing, Fire Alarm and Emergency Light Testing.
Whenever you go out for electrical care and maintenance, you must have an electrical maintenance certificate. So that you can assure your tenants that their premises are entirely safe from every electrical harms. However, you'll need electrical certificates to prove all the safety tests, its maintenance and all the precautions that have been undertaken. Trade Facilities Services takes a pride in offering electrical safety certificates throughout London and Essex.
You can find here all the types of electrical certificates they offer:
EICR (Electrical Installation Condition Report) Certificates
Electrical Safety Certificate
Electrical Testing
Electrical Reports
Electrical Inspection and Testing
PAT Testing
Fire Alarm Testing
Emergency Light Testing
Apart from this, Trade Facilities Services also works with all landlords throughout London and Essex. They can electrically test both domestic and commercial properties. Their main aim is to provide electrical safety certificates through their qualified and expert electrician. They offer a complete range of electrical compliance services; to ensure that your property is always within the correct scope of work. So, you should not worry about the after-effects of not having the correct paperwork; which may arise problems in future.
About the company:
Trade Facilities Services is an electrical testing company that provides (EICR) Electrical installation condition reports. These are otherwise known as Electrical Certificates, Electrical Installation Certificates and Electrical Reports. Trade Facilities Services covers London and Essex and provides all electrical testing in these areas. These include Fire alarms emergency lighting and PAT Testing. All Electricians are registered with NAPIT or the NICEIC and are fully insured and qualified. Trade Facilities Services works on both Domestic and Commercial properties and covers all landlord electrical certification requirements. All EICR reports can be delivered on the day if required and appointments generally only require 24 hours' notice
Bitcoin's rollercoaster ride has taken another plunge, and India may be to blame.
The price of bitcoin dropped below $8,000 on Friday before recovering slightly. It had slumped Thursday following a new broadside against cryptocurrencies from Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
By Saturday morning, the price of the cryptocurrency had rebounded to $9,239, according to Coindesk. That's still a far cry from the near $20,000 price it reached in December.
India will "take all measures to eliminate the use of these crypto assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system," Jaitley said in their annual budget speech.
While India's cryptocurrency market is still relatively small, analysts say it has the potential to grow rapidly as bigger markets such as China and South Korea enact their own crackdowns.
Related: Samsung is cashing in on bitcoin mining
The Indian government has been cautioning its citizens about digital currencies for months. In late December, the finance ministry compared them to "Ponzi schemes." India's central bank has issued multiple warnings that cryptocurrencies have no official backing and people who trade in them do so "at their own risk."
Growing signs that the government and central bank could soon unveil regulations has made the industry jittery.
Indian banks have reportedly suspended accounts of top bitcoin exchanges like Zebpay, Unocoin and Coinsecure.
Unocoin said it had not faced any banking challenges, while Zebpay and Coinsecure did not respond to requests for comment. The banks either declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment.
But a person with knowledge of the matter confirmed that at least one of Coinsecure's accounts had been suspended, telling CNNMoney that it was done as part of a "due diligence process."
Related: $530 million cryptocurrency heist may be the biggest ever
"These negative events play deeply into the fear factor of traders," Raj Chowdhury, CEO of cryptocurrency firm HashCash Consultants, told CNNMoney. HashCash provides remittance services and payment systems to banks and companies across dozens of countries, and also operates its own cryptocurrency exchange in India.
Chowdhury says India's moves to regulate cryptocurrencies are not surprising, given last year's epic surge of interest that boosted bitcoin to nearly $20,000 in December. The price has more than halved since then.
"Last year was a wild ride," they said. "This year it's gotten big enough for governments to pay attention."
India accounts for between 2% and 3% of global cryptocurrency trade, said Sathvik Vishwanath, CEO of Unocoin.
"India is comparatively a smaller market [when] compared to countries like Japan and the U.S.," Vishwanath told CNNMoney, but they added that "interest is picking up and there is tremendous scope going forward."
Related: Davos says bitcoin is not a currency
But traders are now worried that the government could nip India's crypto boom in the bud. Vishwanath said Unocoin users have been calling to get clarity on whether their money is in danger.
Harshvardhan Singh, who works at a startup near New Delhi, began trading in ethereum -- another virtual currency increasingly popular in India -- in May last year. They said they were "a little worried in the short run" after the government's recent statements and the resulting "bloodbath."
But like many others, Singh feels virtual currencies have become too big to fail.
Related: What is bitcoin?
"Blockchain and cryptocurrencies built on top of [it] are now part of this massive ecosystem which countries can't just afford to outlaw," they said.
Some industry figures agree.
"We are not worried," said Vishwanath, adding that they doubt the government will "take a knee-jerk reaction without proper analysis."
The government, on its part, has set up a committee to study cryptocurrencies. Jaitley said Thursday that it will await its report before taking any action. They also said India would look into using the underlying blockchain technology in its own digital payment systems.
Related: Facebook bans ads promoting cryptocurrencies
HashCash CEO Chowdhury said many in the industry may even welcome regulation.
"Last year it was the year of ignoring it, this year is the year of debating it," they added. "Next year will hopefully be the year of accepting it."
-- Vinayak Dewan contributed to this report
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Doctor's retirement marks end of Guam abortion providers
HAGATNA, Guam (AP) — Guam no longer has physicians performing abortions following the recent retirement of a doctor.
Dr. William Freeman of the Women's Clinic has been the island's sole abortion provider since late 2016 following the retirement of the only other physician who performed abortions for years, the Pacific Daily News reported.
Freeman retired in May, leaving the clinic to Dr. Jeffrey Gabel. Gabel, an obstetrician and gynecologist, said they do not conduct abortions and they don't support abortions made at will.
"I've always been against it," Gabel said.
Guam's Department of Public Health and Social Services doesn't refer clients or patients for abortion services, said Leo Casil, the agency's acting director.
"As far as I know there are no other physicians who conduct abortions," Casil said.
The lack of abortion providers on the island is not concerning to the department, Casil said, noting that abortions in emergency situations are decided by a physician.
Physicians at the Guam Memorial Hospital and the Guam Regional Medical City do not perform abortions as an elective procedure, hospital officials said.
The lack of abortion providers could put the health and lives of women in danger, said attorney Anita Arriola, an advocate for abortion rights. Arriola was one of the attorneys who challenged and eventually helped overturn a 1990 law prohibiting abortions on Guam.
"Our legislators and governor created an environment that has driven legal abortion providers away from Guam, and they're setting up a system where women will perform their own abortions or travel at great lengths and great risk to get legal or illegal abortions," Arriola said.
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe they would have read it out if he'd had their druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when they wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When they acted in that way, they were operating according to their instinct. And their instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
ORLANDO, Fla. — American soccer players do not want fly over 8,000 miles to Malaysia next month for a playoff against Syria or make a 7,000-mile-plus journey for a match in Australia.
After getting just one point in two September qualifiers, a loss to Panama on Friday night would have left the U.S. with one more chance to reach next year's World Cup: by winning a playoff against the fifth-place nation in Asia. And the Americans weren't even assured of that.
"We still knew that everything was in our hands. It still is," defender Matt Besler said after Friday night's 4-0 rout of the Panamanians lifted the United States back into third place — the last automatic berth in the North and Central American and Caribbean region.
The Americans have overcome an 0-2 start and head into their final game of the hexagonal on Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago with 12 points, two ahead of Panama and three ahead of Honduras, which plays Saturday at Costa Rica.
A win would put the U.S. in its eighth straight World Cup as long as Honduras does not defeat the Ticos and Mexico while overcoming its goal difference against the U.S., currently 12.
A draw at Trinidad would be sufficient unless Honduras wins its last two matches and Panama does not beat Costa Rica by eight goals (or seven if Panama somehow overcomes its deficit in total goals vs. the U.S., currently nine).
Retired goalkeeper Kasey Keller, now an ESPN analyst, said the reality of the situation hit the Americans after the 2-0 loss to Costa Rica in New Jersey and the 1-1 draw at Honduras.
"Oh, boy. We don't have any time. We have to put it right," Keller said of the thought process. "So much of the rhetoric before the game was there had to be a start to this match that kind of emphasized the poor results from September, and I think you saw that. You needed stars to show up, and the U.S.'s biggest star showed up and scored the first, created the second."
Christian Pulisic, the 19-year-old from Hershey, Pennsylvania, who is a rising star with Germany's Borussia Dortmund, helped energize the U.S. when they were shifted to central midfield from the flanks. They scored with a brilliant touch in the eighth minute and passed to Jozy Altidore, who doubled the lead in the 19th.Altidore converted a penalty kick in the 43rd and Bobby Wood got the final goal in the 63rd.
"It was exactly what I expected," U.S. captain Michael Bradley said, "and now we've got to make sure that in a few days' time were ready to go to Trinidad and after 15 games of qualifying make sure that we finish things off in the right way."
At the Baltimore Antique Show Visitors examine works of art, including art, Asian antiquities, porcelain, Americana, antique and estate jewelry, glass, textiles. Image: Kazad
ART NEWS
Baltimore Antique Show Returns with Art, Antiques, Jewelry and an amazing Summer Show for all Collectors.
BY KAZAD
BALTIMORE—The Palm Beach Show Group, organizer of the annual Baltimore Art, Antique & Jewelry Show has announced that this year's fair will be held from August 24-27, at the Baltimore Convention Center. In addition to the dates for this year's event, the group also announced the list of exhibitors.
Known as the largest indoor summer fine art, antiques and jewelry show in the country, the show brings together art, antique & jewelry dealers from across the country in one place.
Now in its 37th year, the Baltimore Art, Antique & Jewelry Show has built a reputation as the must-visit summer art event in the country. As with other years, visitors will experience a diversity of collections, including furniture, American and European silver, major works of art, Asian antiquities, porcelain, Americana, antique and estate jewelry, glass, textiles and more.
The “show-within-a-show” concept is what has given Baltimore Antique Show credence among other fairs of its kind. As with other years, the fair will include important features that the fair is noted for, one of which is the Baltimore Fine Craft Show.
Carefully integrated with the overall show, the Baltimore Fine Craft Section features some of the best contemporary craft artists from across the nation, who will offer their latest celebrated works in a comfortable, indoor setting. From the outstanding display at last year's event, it is expected that the craft artists will again present exceptional crafts to collectors who will be coming to the Baltimore Antique Show.
Also returning this year is Antiquarian Book Fair, another important aspect of the fair. This section of the fair brings together exhibitors determined to offer collectors the best Antiquarian Books. Offerings include rare books, first editions, autographs, fine manuscripts and unusual bibliographical material.
A new addition to this year's event is The Market. This is a section dedicated “to diverse local and international dealers offering materials appealing to all levels of experience.” The main objective of The Market, according to the organizers the fair, is to bring dealers together in one place with the hope of enhancing the dealer to dealer experience. The Market will have something for every type of collector at this year's Baltimore Antique Show.
Baltimore Antique Show-Exhibitors List
A A Antiques
Harris Gordon
Parker's Books
Agostino's Antiques
Albion Antiques
Alderman Ford Antiques
Alexander Gallery
Alexander's Antiques
Altair
Ameritiques
Antique Associates of…
Antique Bazaar
Antique Cupboard
Antique Elements
Antique Legacy
Antique Prints & Paper
Antiques & Fine Jewelry…
Any Antique Will Do
Arise Bazaar
Art & Antique Gallery
Ashville Fine Arts
Atlanta Silver & Antiques
AxeAntiques
B & B Rare Books
Barbara Paterson
Bardy's Estate Jewelry
Barometer Fair
Barush & Sarullo
Battledore
Bedford On The Square
Bella Antiques
Best of France Antiques
Bijou Jewels
Bizarre Bazaar
Branded Luxury Unlimited
Brentiques
Brickell Jewelers
Bruno Gioia Fine Jewelry
Butler & Butler
Carole Pinto Fine Arts
Carole's Antiques
Charamonde Jewelers
Charlene Upham Antiques
Charles A. Cohn
Chris Mulloy's Antiques
Christine Magne…
Class Menagerie
Classic Contemporary…
Classic Decor
Clayton's Antiques
Cob Web Antiques
Colebrook Book Barn
Coliseum Antiques
D'amati Fine Jewelry &…
D-collection
Dan Morphy Antiques
DANWAK
Darryl Atchison
David Allen Fine Art
David Anthony Antiques
David Brooker Fine Art
David David Gallery
David Mayer Antiques
David Sterner Antiques
Del Giudice Antiques
DeRosa Antiques
Designs by Irene
Dorian Frank- Art Nouveau
Douglas Morse Antiques
Drucker Antiques
Dynasty
B & B Rare Books
Barbara Paterson
Bardy's Estate Jewelry
Barometer Fair
Barush & Sarullo
Battledore
Bedford On The Square
Bella Antiques
Best of France Antiques
Bijou Jewels
Bizarre Bazaar
Branded Luxury Unlimited
Brentiques
Brickell Jewelers
Bruno Gioia Fine Jewelry
Butler & Butler
Carole Pinto Fine Arts
Carole's Antiques
Charamonde Jewelers
Charlene Upham Antiques
Charles A. Cohn
Chris Mulloy's Antiques
Christine Magne…
Class Menagerie
Classic Contemporary…
Classic Decor
Clayton's Antiques
Cob Web Antiques
Colebrook Book Barn
Coliseum Antiques
D'amati Fine Jewelry &…
D-collection
Dan Morphy Antiques
DANWAK
Darryl Atchison
David Allen Fine Art
David Anthony Antiques
David Brooker Fine Art
David David Gallery
David Mayer Antiques
David Sterner Antiques
Del Giudice Antiques
DeRosa Antiques
Designs by Irene
Dorian Frank- Art Nouveau
Douglas Morse Antiques
Drucker Antiques
Dynasty
Foxe Harrell
Eaton Fine Art
Ed Weissman Art and…
El Tasador
Elements of Time
Elizabeth Dmitrova…
Enterprise Gallery
EPS Platinum
Excelsior Art
Find Weatherly
Ford Art & Antiques
Forever Diamonds
Framont
French Style
From Here to Antiquity
Davis Rare Books
Galerie Fledermaus
Gallery 925
Gardner Burke Antiques
Gary & Eve Lickver
Gem de la Gem
George Sorensen
Guarisco Gallery
Guillermo Radunsky
Haig's of Rochester
Hazen & Howard Antiques
Heirlooms
Hide and Go Keep
HighKarat
Hong Fa Antiques
House of Whitley
Icons & Antiques
Il Segno Del Tempo
IMJM Antique & Vintage…
Imperial Fine Books
Imperial Heritage
Holley Antiques
J.S. Fearnley
Jack Weir and Sons
Jacob's Diamond & Estate…
Jacqueline Handley…
James Eckerling Antiques
James Kahllo Fine Art
Janice Paull Antiques
Jeff Bergman Books
Jeff Cohen / Craig Evan…
Jeff Myers
Jerry N. Showalter
Jessica Pack Antiques and…
Jill Fenichell, Inc.
Jimmy & Kathy Gallery
Johanna Antiques
John Atzbach
Johnway Asian Antiques
Jolene Cooper
JSD Antiques
Judith Ravnitzky
JWA RICARD
K & S Fine Arts
K.P.M. Antiques
Kacer Enterprises
Katherine Houston…
Kelleher Fine Art
KEM Art and Antiques
Kensington House Antiques
Kevin T. Ransom
Kimerling Antiques
Kingston Bay Gallery
Kozloff/Meaders
L and Z Antiques and…
Lady Bag International
Lamb Silver
Lao Designs
Laurie's Glories
Lenore Dailey
Lesley Novack Antiques
Levy's Fine Jewelry, Art…
Lindberg Jewels
Lisa Kramer Vintage
Loana Marina Purrazzo
LR Antiques
Lush Life Antiques
Luxor Arts & Antiques
Luxury Antiques
M.S. Rau Antiques
Mabel Emile Leitz Gallery…
Malcolm Magruder
Man In The Moon Antiques
Manor Spring
Mantiques Modern
Marilyn & Co.
Mark Walberg Fine Art &…
Marsh & Ackerman
Marsha's Antiques
Martin Chasin Fine Art
Martin Kay
Marty Pruzzo
Maxine Wolff Shapiro…
McCarty Gallery
McDonough Fine Art
Mchale Silverwares & Fine…
Media Antiques
Melody Rodgers
Memories & Stuff
Menorah Galleries
Michael Weinstein
Michell Antiques
Mizrahi Antiques
Monique's Antiques
Moylan/Smelkinson
MTE Antiques
Murray Galleries
Nelson & Nelson
Nelson Coleman Jewelers
Nice Things for Interiors
Nicolo Melissa Antiques
Niederkorn Silver
Nissan Antiques Trading…
Norma Ann Antiques
North Star Antiques
Objets d'Art Workshop
Old Editions Bookshop
Oliver and Espig
On Tour Golf
Only Authentics
Ophir Gallery
Orbis Carto Numis
Oriental Treasure Box
Orientations Gallery
Our Story Studios
Pascoe Gallery
Past-Tyme Antiques
Patricia Cohn
Patricia Funt Antiques
Patti Esbia Antique &…
Paul Bennett Antique…
Philip Chasen Antiques
Pikesville Jewelry
Platinum Alley
Provident Jewelry
R & A International
RDM Fine Art
Really Good
Rehs Diamonds
Rehs Galleries
Renaissance Interiors
Renata Ramsburg
Ri Noor
Richard W. Bell Antiques
Rick and Robert C Kaplan…
Robert E. Alker Fine Art
Robert M Quilter Fine…
Robert Vernon Shuffett
Ron Barber
Rose's Antiques
Roy Rover
Sakai Antiques
Samuelson's Diamonds
Sandra J. Whitson
Santos
Scott & Janet Antiques
Search Ends Here
Seaway China
Sebastian Deya Gallery
Serapi Antiques
Sergio's Fine Jewelers
Serica Gallery
Silver & Such…
Silver Art By D & R
Silver Lane
Silver Trinket Shop
Soheil Oriental Rugs
Spencer Marks
Stallion Hill Gallery
Steidel Fine Art
Steven Thomas
Stonegate Gallery
Stuck On Dolls
Sue Brown
Susan Barr Antiques
Takat
Tenga
The Button Box
The Emporium, LTD
The Gryphon's Nest
The Ivory Tower
The Linen Merchant
The Tolman Collection
The Victorian Rose
Tim Ters
Tinoco Gallery
TK Asian Antiquities
Trading Treasures
Tutto Dal Mondo
Twin Tankard Antiques
Vi Walker
Vimax Antiques
Vintage Immoralized
Vintage World
Virgil R. Mitchell
Weinreb Diamond & Estate…
White Whale Limited
Willard Monroe Fine Art
Willem G. Flippo Fine…
Wooden Skate Antiques
A Research Study Titled, “Vehicle Electrification Market By Product (Start/Stop System, Electric Power Steering (EPS), Liquid Heater Ptc, Electric Air Conditioner Compressor, Electric Vacuum Pump, Electric Oil Pump, Electric Water Pump, Starter Motor & Alternator, Integrated Starter Generator (ISG), Actuators), Hybridization ((Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) & Micro-Hybrid Vehicle, Hybrid Electric Vehicle (HEV), Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicle (PHEV), Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV)) Forecast 2014 To 2023”, Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights
The Vehicle Electrification Market was worth USD 53.67 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 108.18 billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 8.10% during the forecast period. Electrification vehicle is considered as a standout amongst other approach to decrease carbon discharge, increment vehicle productivity and lessen reliance over oil. Vehicle jolt produces new open doors for purchaser commitment alongside different natural and financial advantages. Vehicle electrification alludes to a vehicle with electrical methods for impetus and also power paying a noteworthy part in segments usefulness. It covers numerous parts of jolt in the, for example, begin/stop frameworks, electric power guiding, electric vacuum pump, electric oil pump, and numerous different frill which use method of electric drive and additionally assist client with gaining enhanced efficiency.
Get Sample copy of Report @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/IC061001
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
Asia Pacific held the biggest share of the market in 2016. The developing car industry in nations, for example, India and China inferable from the interest for vehicle supplements the development for the business. In addition, the blend of rising population in nations and expanding per capita wage empowers the interest for the individual transport car that is steady to a supportable domain.
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Robert Bosch GmbH, Continental AG, Denso Corporation, Delphi Automotive PLC, Johnson Electric, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation and others. Many Key players are depending on methods, for example, agreements & joint ventures, collaborations, and advancements to build the visibility of their products and fortify their product portfolios.
Vehicle Electrification Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Others)
Read More News @ http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/electric-vehicle-ev-charging-stations-market-worth-usd-3629-billion-by-2023-with-cagr-of-4172-global-industry-analysis-by-type-revenue-size-share-and-forecast_229199.html
What Our Report Offer:
1) An extensive research study on the Global Vehicle Electrification Market, and its entire ecosystem, describes the market trends, drivers, restraints and opportunities of the Vehicle Electrification Market.
2) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products, procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise.
3) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, market strategies, and new product launches.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/IC061001
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JUSTIN - A school bush crash carrying elementary students leaves seven in the hospital.
This was that scary scene in Justin yesterday -- after a school bus crashed going down FM 407.
According to the school district, 18 students from Northwest Elementary School were on board when the bus crashed. The students taken to the hospital are okay.
The bus driver was treated at the scene, and the rest of the students were taken back to the school. Police are still investigating the cause of the crash.
"This is our second annual new play festival," says Austin Playhouse artistic director Lara Toner Haddock. "Last year it was a national search and we received almost 800 applicants, which was a little overwhelming... and we really didn't feel like we're serving the playwrights. So this year we wanted to bring the focus in and really figure out a way to have an impact on the local community, so we made it a Texas-based festival."
That change resulted in a still healthy but more manageable number of submitted scripts, allowing the Austin Playhouse judges to spend a little more time with each work before narrowing down the selection to ten finalists.
From there, they decided on three winners -- C. Denby Swanson's Nutshell, Reina Hardy's Eidophusikon, and Lisa B. Thompson's Monroe. Those three plays will be presented as staged readings at this weekend's Festival of New Texas Plays.
Haddock is hoping that seeing staged readings of works-in-progress will help audiences to understand the artistic process a little more.
"I think a lot of times audiences sometimes don't realize what plays go through in a new play development process," they say. "They think they just sort of spring fully formed from the playwright's mind and are presented on the stage. But theater is such a collaborative process, and part of that collaboration is with the audience."
C. Denby Swanson, one of this year winning playwrights, agrees that staged readings help immeasurably when constructing a new work. Them play, Nutshell, has had one public reading (earlier this year in New York), and, as Denby says, "a couple of living room reads in my house... and that's been super helpful. Just to... hear the words in order. In a voice that's not mine."
Nutshell is largely a one-woman show, inspired by the real life of Frances Glessne Lee (no relation, as far as I know), an heiress who used part of their wealth to endow the Harvard Department of Legal Medicine and to create the Nutshell Studies of Unexplained Death, a series of 1:12 scale miniature crime scenes meant to help train detectives in how to search for clues at actual violent crime scenes. The Nutshell Studies were remarkably detailed, down to tiny-but-functional pencils and miniature coffee makers that contained actual coffee grounds. They're still in use today, as part of an annual training seminar.
"There's a magical realism element to it," says Haddock of Nutshell. "Which actually, all three of our winning plays have. And they use magical realism in very different ways. I also really just want to... be part of the journey for these playwrights and kind of give them as much in the way of resources and information to help them craft these plays."
The Festival of New Texas Plays is this weekend, April 27 - 29, at Autin Playhouse.
LACEY, N.J. (AP) - A New Jersey school district has revised a policy that banned students from having guns outside of school.
The policy had said Lacey students could be punished for having weapons "on or off school grounds." But it now states that students cannot bring weapons to school or on a bus.
The Association of New Jersey Rifle & Pistol Clubs had threatened to sue the district over the policy. That came amid reports that two students had been suspended for posting a picture of guns at a shooting range.
The district has said reports of the discipline were incorrect but has declined to provide specifics, citing privacy rules.
The gun association says the policy change appears to address its major concerns. But the group's lawyers are still reviewing it.
The research report on the global plastic packaging equipment market provides an in-depth overview of the market with the help of market-related statistics. It further talks about the demand and supply strategies, product portfolio, manufacturing capacities, recent developments, and competitive landscape of this market. The research study also provides data about the driving and restraining factors of the global plastic packaging equipment market. As per the research study, the global plastic packaging equipment market had remained steady during the economic downturn and grew significantly in the later years. This trend is expected to continue in the coming years due to some factors such as the convenience and easy preparation of plastic packaging.
The expansion of the online retail industry in the past few years has given the global plastic packaging industry an excellent boost. Thanks to this, the global plastic packaging equipment market has grown substantially. The increasing purchasing power of the average customer and rapidly growing net literacy have ensured significant demand for plastic packaging equipment from the online retail industry.
The key facts and figures included in this report are presented on the basis of primary and secondary information. The study also presents strategic recommendations and inputs from professionals and industry experts. SWOT analysis, Porter's five forces analysis, and value chain analysis are some of the analytical tools that have been used to showcase the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and challenges of the overall plastic packaging equipment market.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=3929
Overview of the Global Plastic Packaging Equipment market
The diversity of products requires different types and styles of plastic packaging with a specific set of physical properties, which makes plastic packaging equipment a lot more crucial. Some of the major types of plastic packaging equipment that are used in the global market comprise shrink tunnels, L-bar sealers, pallet stretch wrap systems, bag sealers, shrink wrap systems, heat guns, shrink sleeve banding machines, and fill and seal machines.
Plastic packaging is lightweight yet sturdy and also can be used in various processes such as molding, extrusion, and others for packaging. In addition, increased adoption of recyclable plastic materials for packaging has boosted the use of plastics in this industry. Product safety, durability, low cost, and others are some of the benefits of plastic packaging equipment in comparison with conventional metal and carton packaging. These factors are projected to generate significant demand for plastic packaging equipment in the years to come. Moreover, technological developments for novel packaging such as leak-proof packing, easy-open and close lids, kid-friendly lids, and others are anticipated to fuel the plastic packaging equipment market in the coming years.
Geographically, this market is segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Rest of the World. Among these, North America led the global market in recent years, owing to rapidly increasing online shopping and rising demand for plastic packaging from almost every industry. Nevertheless, Asia Pacific is expected to register high growth in the global plastic packaging equipment market and will hold a commanding position in the next few years.
Request for Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=3929
Companies mentioned in the research report
The global plastic packaging equipment market is very lucrative, which results in stiff competition among the market players. Some of the prominent players operating in this market are Plastic Packaging Inc., ARPAC LLC., Accutek Packaging Equipment Co. Inc., ThomasNet.com, Robert Bosch GmbH, Schneider Packaging Equipment Co. Inc., and IMA S.p.A.
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
GREENVILLE, R.I. (WLNE) — It is time to say goodbye to Benny's.
The last store location on Putnam Pike in Greenville is set to close at 5 p.m. Monday. It has been in business for 93 years.
29 Benny's properties are being sold to the Carpionato Group. The company plans to transform the sites into retail stores and restaurants.
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
Sixers rookies Zhaire Smith, Landry Shamet tune out free agency to focus on summer league
Sixers rookies Zhaire Smith, Landry Shamet tune out free agency to focus on summer league Jul 3
Sixers acquire Wilson Chandler from Denver Nuggets in trade
Sixers acquire Wilson Chandler from Denver Nuggets in trade Jul 3
More by Sarah Todd
Landry Shamet signed their rookie contract on Wednesday.
The 76ers announced Wednesday that Landry Shamet has officially signed their rookie contract with the team.
Shamet, the 26th overall pick in the 2018 draft, will debut with the team on Friday in Las Vegas during summer league.
They averaged 14.9 points, 5.2 assists and 3.2 rebounds in their sophomore season and led the American Athletic Conference in assists.
Though they struggled with injuries at Wichita they impressed NBA teams with their athleticism and shooting ability.
WESTLAND (WWJ) – A former Westland police officer has been arrested in Florida on accusations they shot and killed an employee at a bar day after they had been banned from the business.
Brian Mytych, 43, was taken into custody just after 1 a.m. Wednesday following an altercation at Hennessy's Bar and Grill in Oldsmar, Florida, which is between Clearwater and Tampa.
According to the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office, Mytych ordered everyone out of the bar after firing multiple shots at 33-year-old David Brown, who died at the scene. Mytych then called 911 and was waiting for deputies when they arrived. A .45 caliber handgun was recovered inside the business.
Mytych, whose current residence is listed in Tarpon Springs, was taken into custody without incident.
Detectives say deputies were previously called to the business on Feb. 6 after Mytych and Brown, the bar's cook, were involved in a physical altercation.
“They ended up issuing Mr. Mytych a trespass warning and directed them to leave the property and explained that they could not return to the property or they would be arrested,” Sgt. Spencer Gross told WWJ's Scott Ryan. “Mr. Mytych refused to leave and in the process of refusing to leave, they were disorderly and they were also intoxicated so deputies arrested him.”
According to police, Mytych returned to the bar during the early morning hours on Feb. 15 and was again ordered to leave because of the previous trespass warning. Mytych left the property initially but returned a short time later — and this time they were armed.
“He entered the business with a firearm and they approached, directly walked up to the victim, Mr. Brown and shot the victim multiple times,” said Gross.
The shooting remains under investigation.
Mytych worked for the Westland Police Department for several years. Approximately two years ago, they left because of an off-duty medical issue, the department said in a statement.
“Because of their off-duty medical issue they were no longer able to perform their duties as a police officer,” the statement read. “Approximately three months ago their employment was officially terminated with the Westland Police Department for this reason.”
Jessica Lang Dance (JLD) Company announces a significant donation of $500,000 from philanthropists Ann and Weston Hicks. JLD is a New York City-based dance company whose mission is to present and perform dance works around the world that immerse global audiences in the beauty of movement and music.
New York, NY, May 28, 2018 /PressReleasePing/ – Jessica Lang Dance (JLD) announced today a significant donation of $500,000 from Ann and Weston Hicks. The Hicks' leadership gift is the largest single gift the organization has received to date. This gift supports the company's growth, capacity building and organizational development, as well as touring, artistic work, and performances. The donation also comes with a challenge to other supporters of JLD to match the Hicks' gift in order to achieve a $1 million fundraising goal by the end of 2018. Nearly half of the match has been raised within two months.
“Weston and I are thrilled to support Jessica Lang Dance as it enters a new chapter in its development and approaches its 10th anniversary year in 2021,” said Ann Hicks. “We embrace the company, its mission and commitment to artistic collaboration, and we are especially thrilled that the company continues to excite audiences around the world as they did on May 5 with the world premiere of This Thing Called Love inspired by the music and art of Tony Bennett at Purchase College, which was met with a standing ovation.”
Ann and Weston Hicks have had a long-standing interest in dance and movement organizations. They are committed philanthropists, and in addition to JLD, they have been lauded for their support and commitment to organizations like American Ballet Theatre and Jacob's Pillow. Weston Hicks also currently serves as a Trustee of JLD.
“We are so grateful to Ann and Weston for this pivotal and very generous leadership gift,” said Jessica Lang, Artistic Director. “They understand the important role art and culture play in our lives and communities. Their generous donation will make all the difference as we continue to build capacity, develop new works and expand our education programs.”
JLD is a New York City-based dance company whose mission is to present and perform dance works around the world that immerse global audiences in the beauty of movement and music. The company's diverse repertoire demonstrates a commitment to artistic collaboration and a style that resists categorical definition. The company has performed at premier venues and festivals worldwide including Lincoln Center's White Light Festival, Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival, Brooklyn Academy of Music's Next Wave Festival, the Harris Theater, the Los Angeles Music Center, the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, and the Joyce Theater, among others.
JLD is committed to engaging and empowering minds of all ages and populations with its Education and Outreach programming. Its unique curriculum called LANGuage emphasizes creative thinking and serves a wide variety of communities in addition to dance students and pre-professionals, including under-served children, special education youth, senior citizens, and veterans.
###
Image:
Jessica Lang Dance
This Thing Called Love, 2018
Photo by Milan Misko
Commissioned by The Performing Arts Center at Purchase College, Director Seth Soloway.
Music: Tony Bennett
Set Design & Concept: Jessica Lang
Costume Design: Bradon McDonald
Lighting Design: Nicole Pearce
9 dancers, 22 minutes
Press Contact:
Press Office
Jessica Lang Dance
2728 Thomson Ave #10 Long Island City, NY 11101
(718) 361-2768
http://www.jessicalangdance.com/
(Adds quotes, details)
ABUJA, March 30 Nigeria will send its oil governance bill to the Senate on April 25, a spokesperson said on Thursday, the latest step in efforts to overhaul the energy sector in Africa's largest economy.
The legislation is part of proposed reforms that make up the sprawling Petroleum Industry Bill, which has been in discussion for over a decade and redrafted many times but has yet to be passed into law.
President Muhammadu Buhari, who took office in May 2015, made passing the legislation a priority as part of an attempt to crackdown on the mismanagement and corruption that has held back the country's energy sector. Oil sales account for two-thirds of government revenue in the OPEC member state.
"Barring any last minute changes, the Senate Joint Committee on Petroleum (Upstream, Downstream and Gas), will on 25th April lay the final report of the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill before the Senate for consideration and approval," a spokesperson for Senate President Bukola Saraki said in a statement.
The statement said lawmakers were expected to hold talks on the proposed legislation on April 4 before submitting the final report to the Senate.
Once the Senate has approved the bill, it will be sent to the lower chamber of parliament. With the approval of both, the final version will be sent to the president to be signed into law.
Its backers say Nigeria's oil sector is in dire need of change, with power currently concentrated in the state oil company Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation and the petroleum ministry.
(Reporting by Camillus Eboh and Alexis Akwagyiram; Additional reporting by Paul Carsten; Editing by David Goodman and Susan Thomas)
Arkady Babchenko, a fiercely anti-Kremlin journalist who had been reported shot and killed in Kiev, showed up alive Wednesday at a news conference to explain that police had faked their death to catch the man who ordered the hit.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor at the news conference and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
“I want to say sorry for what you felt. I had to bury my friends and colleagues many times,” Babchenko told reporters at the televised briefing at the offices of the Ukrainian Security Service, the Kyiv Post reports.
According to the SBU, Russian special services had ordered Babchenko killed and paid an unnamed Ukrainian citizen $40,000 to organize the killing. The SBU said he, in turn, paid a potential gunman $30,000 to carry out the hit.
Flowers lay under a picture of anti-Kremlin reporter Arkady Babchenko on the memorial wall of Moscow's journalists house on May 30, 2018. The journalist was believed to be shot dead - but a day later was reportedly found alive.
VASILY MAXIMOV/AFP/Getty Images
But when the SBU learned of the plot, they recruited the gunman to work for them as a double agent to fake the shooting and arrest the organizer, who has been apprehended.
The SBU said, according to the Kyiv Post, that Babchenko's death was intended to be the first of some 30 planned killings of Russian citiznes in Ukraine allegedly ordered by Russian special services.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the security service, explained the elaborate scheme to reporters at the news conference where Babchenko appeared.
On Tuesday, Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, had been shot three times in the back outside their apartment building and was found bleeding by their wife.
National Police spokesperson Yaroslav Trakalo had told reporters that the purported killer had been waiting for Babchenko in the stairwell.
A police composite portrait even described the killer as a tall man with a grey beard, in their 40s. They were wearing a denim hat, jacket and jeans, according to the Kyiv Post.
Babchenko, 41, served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s, and hosts a news program on Ukraine's ATR channel,
As a journalist, Babchenko had assailed Moscow's annexation of Crimea, its support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine and the Russian campaign in Syria.
Some of their articles and posts outraged many Russians. In one, they said they felt no regret about the deaths of Russian army choir members and others from a December 2016 plane crash as they were heading to perform before Russian troops in Syria. Several Russian lawmakers even called for stripping Babchenko of their citizenship over the comment.
In the wake of the purproted death, Ukraine Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said on Facebook they were convinced that "the Russian totalitarian machine didn't forgive their honesty and integrity. A real friend of Ukraine who told the truth about Russian aggression.”
Mikhail Fedotov, head of the Kremlin human rights council and head of the Russian Union of Journalists, said Babchenko had their "own special vision of the world, with their very critical view of Russian politics. That's why their murder is openly provocative.”
In New York, the Committee to Protect Journalists said on Twitter that "Ukrainian authorities should conduct a swift and thorough investigation" into Babchenko's murder.
The Russian Foreign Ministry also weighed in, saying “bloody crimes and total impunity have become routine for the Kiev regime" and demanded a prompt investigation.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Anton Gerashchenko, a Ukrainian lawmaker who serves as an adviser to the interior minister, said on Facebook that investigators would be looking at "Russian spy agencies' efforts to get rid of those who are trying to tell the truth about what is going on in Russia and Ukraine."
In 2016, Ukranian-Belarussian journalist Pavel Sheremet, who had also left Russia, was killed by car bomb in central Kiev as they were driving to work, according to the Kyiv Post.
Contributing: Associated Press
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
Add Rue 21 to the growing list of retailers closing stores to cut costs.
A spokesperson for the teen retailer confirmed a brief post to Rue 21's Facebook page that mentioned the “difficult but necessary decision” to close certain stores.
While the spokesperson would not say how many stores are set to shutter over the coming weeks, Rue 21's web site shows 400 stores across the U.S. will go dark, in addition to the 14 units that have already been shut down.
“As part of our ongoing business transformation into a more cost-efficient operator, we are closing unprofitable stores across our fleet in order to focus on our many hundreds of highly profitable locations,” the spokesperson said.
Rue 21 currently operates close to 1,200 stores in all 48 states of the contiguous U.S. and the company joins a slew of retailers deciding to shut hundreds of stores.
In response to whether the store closings signal the beginning of a wider company restructuring, the spokesperson said talks with lenders were taking place and they alluded to Rue 21's unfavorable financial state.
“We continue to work with our lenders and bondholders to find the best solution to the company's need for more capital and for a business model with less debt, in order to ensure that we move forward as a stronger and more sustainable enterprise,” they added.
The decision to sizably shrink its store footprint comes about two weeks after Rue 21 entered into forbearance agreements with lenders in order to stave off a default.
The agreements are set to expire sometime late this month and a company spokesperson declined to comment at the time on whether an extension was being considered.
Without further forbearance from lenders, the retailer will likely default and be essentially forced into bankruptcy — for the second time. Rue 21's first bankruptcy came in early 2002, when it was going by the name Pennsylvania Fashions Inc. It emerged under the new name the following year and went public a year after that.
Rue 21 was acquired in 2013 by private equity firm Apax Partners for $1.1 billion.
In recent months, the retailer has found itself on the bankruptcy watch lists of financial analysts, citing its high debt and weak liquidity position, along with strong competitors like H&M and Zara and the weak economic placement of its younger target consumer.
For More WWD Retail News, See:
Leveling Out of Retail Volatility Could Be on the Horizon
Agent Provocateur Hits Bankruptcy in U.S.
Vince Delays Financial Results, CEO Warns of Default ‘Scenario'
Retail Sales Keep Falling in March, Cementing Slow First Quarter
In addition, the University of Utah has awarded formal recognition to the Consortium for Dark Sky Studies, the first academic center in the world dedicated to discovering, developing and applying knowledge to help protect night skies, according to U. officials. And next year, the university will help sponsor the largest global conference to date, examining the impacts of artificial lights.
Light pollution prompted Torrey resident Mary Bedingfield-Smith to find out what the small town (population 300) could do to curb artificial light. A single street light near their home was so bright that it lit up a row of Cottonwood trees, spoiling their view to Capitol Reef's star-encrusted sky. They chatted with neighbors on walks and met with town officials with a proposal: their group would raise money to install new lighting, and the municipality would save more than $900 in lighting costs each year.
Bedingfield-Smith, a retired elementary school teacher and Utah State University educator, was able to form a consensus by assuring residents that no one would be forced to replace their existing lighting. And, their group would pay new lighting costs for those who wanted to retrofit but couldn't afford it.
"People are worried about their specific situation, which is difficult to address in a large meeting," said Bedingfieldsmith, now a Torrey planning commission member. "When we talk individually, we can discuss specific lighting needs, and what can be done to get there. Without individuals and associations working together, the last remaining dark areas on the planet could well disappear without anyone noticing."
In late March crews replaced traditional bulbs, which spew out beams in all directions, in the town's street lights along Main Street. Workers from Garkane Energy Cooperative installed new lights using spectra that direct light away from the sky.
Torrey residents turned to online crowd funding to help pay for eight new street lights. More than $13,00 was raised through the website In My Backyard and the Torrey arts organization Entrada helped raise another $7,000. The donations paid for the town's retrofitted bulbs and new lighting at the Torrey Trading Post and Chuck Wagon store and motel, both also located on Main Street. Street lights on 100 North have not yet been replaced, allowing residents to see the different effects on the night sky view.
The longtime goal is to assist other towns in the sparsely populated Wayne County (population 2,700) to protect its dark skies — from the county seat of Loa along the State Highway 24 corridor leading to Capitol Reef.
Utah has more dark sky places than any other state or country, but light pollution is eroding this valuable, irreplaceable resource, said John Barentine, program manager for the International Dark-Sky Association. Torrey, for example, has been the single greatest source of light pollution above Capitol Reef. Visitors must hike into the deepest southern reaches of the park to enjoy the most pristine night skies.
"In the American West, small towns emit more amounts of light, relative to their populations, than do large metropolitan areas," they said. "There's also broader support for private property rights, and a fundamental human fear of darkness. The tendency in rural areas is to light up property in the name of safety and security."
Yet people can be safe, and save money by using lights appropriately, advocates say. Simple shields on existing bulbs, for example, direct beams downward, rather than lighting up the heavens. And instead of using expensive all-night floodlights, motion detectors can flash an immediate alert to an intruder.
LED lights are phasing out other types of bulbs but some of the brightest lamps cast a blue color, creating glare problems. It's suggested that consumers purchase LEDs measured in light output of 3,000 lumens. By comparison, an old standard 100 watt bulb equals about 1,600 lumens. The IDA Website lists names of companies that manufacture appropriate lighting. The association also has an IDA Seal of Approval that provides objective, third-party certification for lighting that minimizes glare, reduces light trespass and doesn't pollute the night sky.
The American Medical Association has raised concerns about exposure to blue-rich white LED lighting, which can damage human retinas, create road hazards and disrupt nocturnal animals. The report "Human and Environmental Effects of Light Emitting Diode Community Lighting," recommends "minimizing and controlling blue-rich environmental lighting by using the lowest emission of blue light possible."
Dark skies above Colorado Plateau will have a huge economic impact on Utah, Colorado, New Mexico and Arizona, according to a Missouri State University study. Tourists from around the world will spend nearly $2.5 billion visiting National Parks in the Colorado Plateau, creating more than 52,250 jobs and increasing wages by more than $1 million.
Increased visitation will also impact rural areas by providing a steady source of income for local businesses and employees during the off-peak season, according to the study.
"Many in the world have lost their view of the Milky Way, writes the study authors David Mitchell and Terrel Gallaway. "For them a dark sky is as exotic a sight as a herd of bison or a glacial lake."
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - An appeals court has upheld the conviction of a former Virginia police officer who was sentenced to 2½ years in prison for fatally shooting an unarmed black teenager suspected of shoplifting.
The Court of Appeals of Virginia on Tuesday unanimously affirmed the voluntary manslaughter conviction of Stephen Rankin in the 2015 shooting of William Chapman II.
Prosecutors alleged that Rankin - a white police officer in Portsmouth - killed the 18-year-old Chapman "willfully, deliberately and with premeditation" outside a Walmart.
Most witnesses said Chapman had their hands up, although some said they were combative.
Rankin was fired from their job after being indicted. After they were sentenced in 2016, Rankin said they were deeply sorry and never meant to hurt anyone.
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 9,906 Blog Entries: 2
Louisiana House approves state operating budget, sends it to Senate
The Louisiana House approved the newest version of the state operating budget Wednesday and moved it to the Senate on a*56-46 vote. The approved budget*appropriates all forecasted revenue, but instructs state agencies to refrain from spending a combined $60 million as a precaution against midyear shortfalls.? The Louisiana House approved the newest version of the state operating budget Wednesday and moved it to the Senate on a*56-46 vote. The approved budget*appropriates all forecasted revenue, but instructs state agencies to refrain from spending a combined $60 million as a precaution against midyear shortfalls.?
Our third episode from the Did You Know? series takes us back to the 1950s when Porsche received a rather odd request from a customer. The company headquartered in Stuttgart has been taking special orders for more than half a century and this 356 one-off was among the first. This picture really speaks for itself: someone with downright weird tastes asked Porsche to cover their car in fur.
Those were the early days of what we call today Porsche Exclusive Manufaktur in charge of developing bespoke cars, such as the 911 Turbo S Exclusive Series and a Macan Turbo with all the bells and whistles. But it wasn't until 1978 when taking special requests became an official thing at Porsche, following other inquires coming from clients wanting a motorsport-derived exhaust system seen in the picture below while being tested by the company. In 1986, the personalization program was baptized Porsche Exclusive.
What really brought to our attention the type of work conducted by Porsche Exclusive Manufaktur is the super rare 935 Street built in the early 1980s. The company shared a couple of images with the car on Facebook the other day, depicting one of the two units made. Featuring a special body with the famous “slant” or “flat” nose, the exclusive model had pop-up headlights and a healthy 375 horsepower and 361 pound-feet (490 Newton-meters) coming from an upgraded engine. Thanks to the extra power, the 935 Street was able to hit 62 mph (100 kph) in 5.2 seconds and top out at a respectable 153 mph (246 kph).
There was more to the 935 Street than its bespoke body and uprated engine as Porsche's special division also made other changes, such as lowering the suspension and adding competition-spec shock absorbers. The deep-pocketed customer also wanted Recaro seats, central locking, and wood accents on the dashboard.
Plenty of other cars followed, including the 911 Speedster from several years ago (pictured above) and the more recent Panamera Exclusive Series. Speaking of the Panamera, you can buy the Sport Turismo version with a purple paint and matching air vents on the inside, so sky's the limit when it comes down to personalizing your new Porsche.
Photos of the 356, 911 Speedster: Porsche
Photos of the 935 Street: Bonhams
Padmavati, directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali has been mired in controversies from the beginning, from the rumours about historical inaccuracies to the claims of marring a sacred historical figure with a salacious love story between Allaudin Khilji, played by Ranveer Singh.
When recently, Deepika Padukone released the first look of their character, Padmavati, Or The Goddess Queen, the highly anticipated movie has met with signs of approval from the public.
According to legend, it is believed Maharani Padmini performed mass suicide called Jauhar by jumping on funeral pyres alongside all the women of their fort when it became evident that Allaudin Khilji was going to win the war. In Padmavati, the screen adaptation of the fable, Deepika will be seen as Rani Padmini. While Ranveer Singh will be stepping into the shoes of Alauddin Khilji, Shahid Kapoor will be seen as Maharawal Ratan Singh.
Now, according to a report in Filmfare, Deepika got mentally disturbed while filming the Jauhar scenes. One should bear in mind that Deepika had spoken about battling depression earlier.
Trending :
A source told the agency, “It is not easy to play a character who has to commit suicide, or Jauhar, as it is called. And when one is working with Sanjay Leela Bhansali, they want one to feel committed and feel the character all the time. Sanjay takes their time to shoot every sequence. The build-up to the Jauhar scene and the scene itself was rather elaborate. Deepika has already spoken about clinical depression earlier in their career. Hence, they do not want to do anything that will take them back to that space.”
Even the happy-go-lucky Ranveer Singh has been rumoured to have visited a shrink to get over the after-effects of their negative character in the film.
Padmavati has been a trending topic on social media since the release of the first look, and it seems that people will appreciate Deepika's performance when the movie will release on 1 December 2017.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
U.S. Border Patrol agents are once again sounding the alarm about miles of border being left wide open and unsecured. Breitbart Texas exclusively obtained a document showing a Havre Sector Border Patrol manager knowingly issuing orders to leave 40 miles of border open and unpatrolled. Obama holdovers in the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agency are continuing with the same careless disregard in the Trump Administration that they did under former President Obama, according to Border Patrol agents.
Breitbart Texas has the specific order that was given to the agents signed by the Obama-holdover manager. The order demands that agents on the northern border stay within one assigned zone and are not to leave that zone to patrol other zones that the agents have historically patrolled — even though there are no agents assigned to patrol the other zones.. The Havre Sector has six Border Patrol stations and the order applies to one of these stations consisting of six zones. A total of 60 linear miles are covered by the one Border Patrol station in question, yet agents say that this only allows them to patrol 20 of the 60 miles of border.
When Breitbart Texas asked multiple Border Patrol agents about motives for the manager leaving such a vast swath of border unpatrolled, the agents felt that it was twofold; they blamed previous Obama-era policies and they also believed that widespread corruption exists within the Havre Sector's upper-management.
One of the Border Patrol agents who was present when the manager gave the order spoke to Breitbart Texas on the condition of anonymity and said, “Criminal cartels exploit our weaknesses on a daily basis and they're certainly going to exploit such a large area of open and unpatrolled border.” Another agent from the station told us on the same condition, “From a border security standpoint, this directive makes no sense, but there has to be a reason so I don't think it's a far stretch to conclude it's due to corruption.” And yet another agent from the station speaking to us on the same condition said, “This order has to be coming from the Sector Chief and Deputy Chief Patrol Agents. They, along with the Station's Patrol Agent in Charge and Deputy Patrol Agent in Charge, need to be immediately reassigned until a full and thorough investigation can be done into this order.”
Border Patrol Agent Brandon Judd, President of the National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) was appalled when they heard of this incident from agents — thereby confirming to Breitbart Texas the authenticity of the other agents' concerns. They told Breitbart Texas that there have been more complaints filed out of the Havre sector than any other sector within recent years. Unfortunately, they say the agency has justified all of the manager's actions. Agent Judd said anytime you have managers investigating other managers, the result is always “no cause of wrong doing found.”
Agent Judd said there must be accountability from the top down. “I believe Secretary Kelly's constant praise of former Secretary Jeh Johnson is an endorsement of their open border policies. There are so many good managers in the Border Patrol, but when Secretary Kelly condones their predecessors failures, they open the door for the bad managers to act like this and bring shame on the entire organization.” Agent Judd continued, “President Trump is the president of the common citizen and the choice of the rank-and-file Border Patrol Agents, unfortunately there are those highly paid career managers who want to believe they're above everyone else — up to and including the President of the United States.”
Agent Judd said the rank-and-file Border Patrol agents have spoken with the managers at the station in question until they were blue in the face — all to no avail. “Managers who sit behind a desk and never patrol the border should never dictate operations and policy, otherwise this is what you get.”
Multiple Border Patrol agents who were present for the manager's order to leave 40 miles of border open spoke with Breitbart Texas. They said that all Border Patrol agents who were present argued with the manager and informed them they felt the order was “illegal and was dereliction of duty.” They even argued it was contrary to the President Trump's express wishes as set forth in the Border Security Executive Order. The agents asked for the rationale behind the order, but the manager refused to provide one, according to them.
Luckily for all of the Border Patrol agents present, a representative of the NBPC who is also an agent walked into the muster room as the order was given and they wrote the order down verbatim, according to the agents. Not only did they document the order, but the agents claim they read it back to the manager and asked, “did I twist your words?” and the manager responded that they did not. The agent and NBPC representative had all agents present sign the documentation and they asked the manager to also sign the order which the manager did.
Breitbart Texas showed the handwritten and signed order we obtained to Agent Judd and they confirmed that agents were, in fact, given this order. They pointed to the manager's signature on the order as authentic. We provide the leaked document below.
Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. They co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow them on Twitter and Facebook.
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award-winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. They co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon. You can follow them on Twitter and on Facebook.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
By any measure of success — academic performance, school spirit, community involvement, university placement — Elmwood School for girls enjoys an outstanding reputation for achievement. The private school offers a supportive environment where girls learn to find their own voice, and where they are challenged to reach their full potential as lifelong learners, responsible leaders and global citizens.
Elmwood is the only school in Ottawa accredited to deliver all three levels of the International Baccalaureate (IB) programme for students in Pre-kindergarten to Grade 12, and maintaining high standards of excellence comes with the turf. What keeps this century-old school on the leading edge of today's 21st-century world is that progressive thinking never takes a holiday at Elmwood. Faculty are constantly on the lookout for effective new ways for keeping the curriculum fresh and responsive to student needs, but they appear to have hit one out of the park with their foray into the world of “design thinking.”
Elmwood Head of School, Cheryl Boughton, said they were looking for an innovative tool to map out a curriculum review in the fall of 2015 when they were directed to NoTosh Inc., a global consulting firm that specializes in educational innovation and the use of design thinking to solve organizational challenges. They soon discovered that the company's methodology was an agile tool for just about any school application.
“I was looking for a process that would harness the collective wisdom, energy and creativity of my staff in reviewing our curriculum,” Boughton said. “Design thinking gave us a mechanism by which we could unleash the talent that was already inside these walls.”
NoTosh was a perfect fit within Elmwood's collaborative school environment. Company CEO Ewan McIntosh led the faculty through the design thinking process that begins with fully defining a problem as a team before considering possible solutions, while facilitator Kynan Robinson assisted a school innovation team with introducing design thinking to the Middle Years Programme.
Elmwood's Director of Academics and Innovation, Meagan Enticknap, said the data gathered during the initial surveys revealed that the students were hungry for even more experiential learning opportunities than what they were already being given.
“We used design thinking to see what we could layer on to enhance what we were currently doing,” Enticknap said. “It was such a natural fit with our IB concept-based thinking and inquiry-based learning that it took us to another level.”
The school was inspired to create a special design course to allow students more freedom in choosing their own subjects for investigation across transdisciplinary lines. The girls had to use their new design thinking skills to conceptualize how the school day could be re-structured. This type of authentic design challenge with real-world application means “the students see purpose in their learning and this is exciting,” Enticknap said.
The school is also investigating new methods for improving academic achievement through greater student self-awareness and self-motivation — behavioural skills associated with success — and for recognizing achievements more visibly through a system of virtual digital badges.
“Design thinking has had a phenomenal impact in making our classrooms even more engaging than they already were,” Enticknap said. “It has created a different leadership model in the school where everyone has a voice. We got better as an institution at embracing feedback.”
The NoTosh design thinking process is now being introduced to the Primary Years Programme, and will be rolled out to the Senior School in the new year.
“It's been the most amazing journey,” Head of School Boughton said. “Design thinking has profoundly changed our school. This process has taught all of us that you don't have to figure everything out by yourself. Engaging other people's perspectives in the early stages is how you make good ideas great. Now, when someone brings me a problem, my attitude is, ‘Wow, that's a really good problem for us to solve together.' ”
Elmwood's exceptional learning environment will be on display during the school's fall Open House for families of Pre-kindergarten to Grade 12 students on Saturday, Oct. 21. Visitors are asked to register online at http://info.elmwood.ca/fall. The main office can be reached by telephone at 613-749-6761, and email inquiries can be directed to info@elmwood.ca. Elmwood School is located at 261 Buena Vista Rd. in Rockcliffe Park, with parking available at the west end of the school.
This story was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content division, on behalf of Elmwood.
Nanorods made of bismuth sulfide kill tumor cells with heat when they are irradiated with near-infrared light (NIR). Chinese scientists are now making these weapons more powerful by remodeling the defect state of the nanorod crystal lattice by adding gold nanodots. As reported in the journal Angewandte Chemie, this could be a good basis for more effective photothermal treatment of tumors.
In photothermal therapy, an agent is introduced into a tumor and then the region is irradiated with NIR light, a wavelength that penetrates far into tissue without causing damage. The agent absorbs the NIR light and converts it to heat. The local overheating kills off the tumor cells while healthy tissue is protected. Ideally, the photothermal agent can simultaneously act as a contrast agent for diagnostic imaging, such as computed tomography (CT), which can be used to locate the tumor.
Nanomaterials made from the semiconductor bismuth sulfide (Bi(2)S(3)) are well suited for this job. Researchers working with Haiyuan Zhang at the Chinese Academy of Sciences (Changchun, Jilin, China) have now been able to clarify the mechanisms that underlie the photothermal properties of these materials. Building on this knowledge, they have been able to improve the photothermal performance of bismuth sulfide nanorods by adding gold nanodots to their surface.
In simple terms, it works like this: In semiconductors, light can excite negatively charged electrons to such a degree that they jump to a higher energy level called the conduction band. This leaves behind positively charged "holes". Recombination of the electrons and holes releases energy, which is transferred into the crystal lattice, causing it to vibrate. This vibrational energy is released into the environment as heat. Certain defects, known as deep level defects, in the crystal lattice promote this type of electron-hole recombination.
In Bi(2)S(3) nanomaterials, which are synthesized in an excess of Bi and a shortage of S, the lattice will have locations with missing sulfur atoms or places in which a Bi replaces an S. Both of these can act as deep defects. Increasing the number of deep defects or increased introduction of electrons to these deep defects could increase the photothermal efficacy of Bi(2)S(3) nanomaterials. This is where the gold atoms play a role. Gold atoms bind sulfur atoms and keep them out of their lattice positions. This results in more defects. In addition, the contact points between the Bi(2)S(3) and gold provide the excited electrons with an energy level that allows them to return more easily to the energy level where there are substitution errors, allowing the electrons to fall more easily into the deep defect "trap".
The nanorods are very visible as contrast agents in CT scans of tumors in mice, because they preferentially aggregate in tumor cells. Inhibition of tumor growth with the gold version of the nanorods under irradiation with NIR was significantly increased over gold-free nanorods. After fourteen-day treatment of the mice, some of the tumors had completely disappeared. No toxic side effects or damage were observed in the surrounding tissue.
###
About the Author
Haiyuan Zhang is a Professor at the Changchun Institute of Applied Chemistry Chinese Academy of Science. Their main specialty is bioresponse and bioapplication of electronic nanomaterials. They have been selected for the "A Hundred Talent Programs" of Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Buy Photo PrepZone logo (Photo: Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
The Barron Collier High School boys swimming team beat Fort Myers 118-58, while the Barron Collier girls beat Fort Myers 105-81 on Thursday.
On the boys side, the Cougars won the 200 yard medley relay in 1:42.13. Mason Laur won the 200 individual medley (2:02.96). Andrew Garner took first in the 50 freestyle in 23.54 seconds and the 100 breaststroke (1:04.51). Barron Collier also won the 200 free relay (1:30.35) and the 400 free relay (3:31.60).
On the girls side, the Cougars won the 200 medley relay (2:02.32). Zoe Hendrickx won the 200 IM (2:20.43). Maquinn Havig won the 50 free (25.38 seconds) and 100 backstroke (1:04.31). Isabella Marsala won the 100 butterfly (1:05.45). Molly Heslin took first in the 100 breaststroke (1:20.14) and Lilly Metsch won the one meter dive with a score of 191.40. Barron Collier also took first in the 400 free relay 3:57.64.
By The Associated Press
TULSA, Okla. (AP) - Two national civil rights groups have joined a federal lawsuit accusing dozens of Oklahoma sheriffs, judges and court clerks of operating a debt-collection scheme that preys on poor people by sending them to jail if they can't pay court costs.
Georgetown University's Institute for Constitutional Advocacy and Protection and Civil Rights Corps joined an amended complaint filed late Thursday in Tulsa.
The initial lawsuit filed in November accuses the Oklahoma Sheriffs' Association, debt collection firm Aberdeen Enterprizes II and others of violating the Constitution by conspiring to collect court costs and unpaid fines without regard to a defendant's ability to pay.
The suit seeks to halt further arrests of indigent people until the case can go before a judge.
Messages to the sheriffs' association and Aberdeen weren't immediately returned Friday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
Toronto police are seeking a man and a woman in a fraud case involving hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Police say a woman went into a bank on June 29 and, using false identification, posed as a client to gain access to that person's account.
They say they then transferred $400,000 from there to another account.
Police say a few days later, a man went into another bank and used a fake ID to pose as a client.
FORSYTH, Ga. (AP) — A jury in Georgia has convicted a man of murder in the 2014 fatal shooting of a sheriff's deputy.
The Telegraph reports that the same Upson County jurors who convicted 49-year-old Christopher Keith Calmer on Tuesday will hear additional testimony for the murder trial's penalty phase. Calmer faces a possible death sentence.
Jurors deliberated for roughly 30 minutes before convicting Calmer of murder in the death of Monroe County sheriff's deputy Michael Norris. They also found Calmer guilty of aggravated assault and other charges in the wounding of a second deputy, Jeff Wilson.
A prosecutor called Calmer a “scheming manipulator” who lured the deputies to their parents' home with a plan of shooting at them in hopes they would then kill him.
Ottawa police arrested two people on drug and gun possession charges in McKellar Heights near Baseline Road and Clyde Avenue on Friday.
After executing a search warrant in a home on Castle Hill Crescent, police seized a loaded Smith and Wesson handgun, a high-capacity magazine, marijuana, a prohibited device and $650.
Mohamed Atef, 20, and Karoline Kaiss, 22, of Gatineau have each been charged with possession of Schedule I and II substances, as well as knowingly possessing a restricted weapon obtained by crime and possession of a prohibited device. Atef was additionally charged with breach of probation.
The two are to appear in court on Saturday.
DOWN a narrow lane just 15 minutes from one of Bali's most popular tourist beaches is a sanctuary giving a future to the island's discarded children.
The modest compound is a world away from the nearby beachside resorts at Sanur where tourists are shielded from the poverty that is part of daily life for many Balinese.
The 94 children who call Jodie O'Shea House their home were all born to parents who didn't want them or simply could not afford to raise them.
Many have experienced abuse, some are the illegitimate children of the island's prostitutes while others were simply abandoned.
Camera Icon Gaby is taking piano lessons at the orphanage. Picture: Roger Reid.
The orphanage was established by Alison Chester, who was inspired to help the most vulnerable children of Bali in the wake of the 2002 Kuta bombings.
Ms Chester, an English woman who lived in Perth for 10 years before moving to Bali, volunteered at the local hospital in the immediate aftermath of the terror attacks at Paddy's Pub and the devastating blast outside the Sari Club which together claimed 202 lives.
They spent hours at the bedside of Sydney woman Jodie O'Shea, who suffered burns to 93 per cent of their body.
Jodie was flown out of Bali on the first mercy flight to Australia but died from their injuries in Royal Perth Hospital.
“She was just a very special person, there was just something about her,” Ms Chester said.
Camera Icon Children from the orphanage enjoy a day trip. Picture: Supplied.
“Jodie was totally selfless and so dignified, despite the awful situation they were in.
“It was a terrible, terrible time and after going into the hospital something shifted. My life changed.
“I was just driving along in the car one day and I realised that this was about more than just me.
“That is when I knew Jodie was a powerful force in my life”.
Ms Chester first decided to volunteer at an orphanage but says they were shocked to discover money donated to care for the kids was being pocketed by those running the centre. Worse, Ms Chester alleges, the children were being sexually and emotionally abused.
A lot of people who come to Bali wouldn't have a clue about the reality of life for many people on the island. orphanage found Alison Chester
That was when they decided to set up their own orphanage and rescued 13 children from the centre they had volunteered at.
The children living at Jodie O'Shea House today are aged from just two to 19. The youngest attend pre-school at the orphanage while the older children are enrolled at local schools.
“The children we get come from pretty awful situations,” Ms Chester said.
“There is sex abuse, physical abuse, some are the children of prostitutes – all different situations.
“I often wonder what the children are thinking at night when they close their eyes.”
Camera Icon Some of the younger children at the orphanage.
But despite coming from despair, the children are given a chance at a much better future.
Ms Chester says their greatest reward is to see children succeed as young adults.
Lisa is one of the success stories. They were brought to the orphanage by their parents, who could not afford to look after them after they finished primary school at their village.
Five years ago after graduating from high school, they left the orphanage to work at John Hardy jewellery manufacturers, one of the Bali businesses that provides support for the children as they transition into the workforce.
Camera Icon Lisa rugs up ahead of their trip to New York to showcase John Hardy jewellery. Picture: Supplied.
This recently travelled to New York to showcase John Hardy's jewellery at an international trade show – something they could never have known was possible as a child.
Others have gone on to work in hospitality or in the island's many tourist villas and on cruise ships.
Jodie O'Shea House relies entirely on donations and sponsorships to keep its doors open. Most of the children have individual sponsors who contribute to their living expenses and school fees but there is always demand for fresh food, toiletries and clothes.
Donations from tourists, who include a visit to the orphanage as part of their holiday, help to provide daily essentials.
Often visitors, who must bring identification and register with security, go shopping at a local supermarket with some of the older children who are given a list of what is needed.
“A lot of people who come to Bali wouldn't have a clue about the reality of life for many people on the island,” Ms Chester says.
“You only have to go a couple of streets away from where we are and people are living in squalor.
“The people who come to see us, come because they genuinely care about the children.
“Without visitors, I do not know how we would cope.”
Camera Icon Gaby and Daniel select fish during a shopping trip to a local supermarket. Picture: Roger Reid.
Jodie O'Shea House is close to capacity and will soon need to renew the lease for the property.
Ms Chester says they thought about moving to larger premises but accepted they will never be able to help all the children who desperately need protection.
As always, their connection with Jodie O'Shea played a part in the decision to stay.
“She is a very strong presence here and the children are very aware of her,” they say.
“Knowing them changed my life dramatically and it took time to realise there was a positive force behind everything that had happened.
“I feel that they are protecting us, always.”
MOSCOW, April 3 Russia has issued search warrants for two people for their possible role in Monday's deadly metro blast in St Petersburg, Interfax quoted a security source as saying.
"Two people are being sought on suspicion of planning the blasts, one of whom is thought to have placed the explosive device in the metro wagon and the second person for leaving a bomb at the metro station 'Ploshchad Revolutsii'," the source told Interfax. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; Editing by Sujata Rao)
COLUMBUS, Ga. — Authorities say no one was hurt after a house erupted in flames Tuesday evening.
Firefighters responded to a home on 2nd Avenue near 40th Street that caught fire around 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Police did close off the intersection while firefighters battled the blaze.
No word yet on how the fire started.
When army ants stream into the jungles of Costa Rica, they leave death and destruction in their wake. These nomadic group predators eat everything from millipedes to other ants, and they even raid wasps' nests for eggs and larvae. Any insect that doesn't escape the swarming column of hundreds of thousands of ants is likely to die a terrible death. And yet many insects have evolved to live among army ants, feeding on their scraps and even taking shelter in their nests.
Researchers Christoph von Beeren and Alexey K. Tishechkin just identified a tiny beetle they've named Nymphister kronaueri that keeps up with the army ants' endless march in an unusual way. N. kronaueri clamps onto an army ant's back with its mandibles, as if it were a soldier going into battle on the back of the most magnificent steed in the world. Von Beeren and Tishechkin describe the strange life of N. kronaueri in a paper for BMC Zoology, and they explain how these animals evolved to live among creatures who would normally gorge themselves upon their beetle guts.
Insects and other creatures who live among ants are called myrmecophiles, which literally means ant lovers. Myrmecophiles stand to gain a lot from this strange relationship. Certainly they can feed off the colony's leftovers in the wake of a raid, but there's more to the relationship than that. Ants create a pleasant environment, much like a human city that attracts wild animals. The researchers write:
Life in and around ant colonies is expected to be beneficial for arthropod guests, especially those that have managed to get along well with ants. Among the latter are highly integrated species that inhabit ant nests, in which they are protected from their own predators, live in a stable microclimate, and have access to rich food sources.
Because ant colonies are such nice places to live, myrmecophiles evolved early. Some species have been following ants around for 50 million years.
N. kronaueri is a tiny beetle with a hard, hairy shell. It has only been observed among the army ants of Costa Rica, where von Beeren and Tishechkin studied them exhaustively. The researchers tracked their behavior among six different army ant species at La Selva Biological Station. When it folds its antennae and legs tightly against its shell, the dark brown insect looks like one of the elongated segments in an ant's body. This resemblance may be an evolutionary adaptation. The beetles have a chitinous shell whose texture is similar to an army ant's, which may trick the army ants into accepting N. kronaueri as a friend when they touch and smell them.
Like many other myrmecophiles, N. kronaueri likely ingratiate themselves with their ant hosts by smelling good. Ants navigate the world by touch and smell, and they recognize nest mates by smelling the oils on their bodies. Often, write the researchers, beetles "make use of their glandular chemistry, which includes defensive and ant-appeasing compounds, allowing them to deal with host ants." They secretly blend into ant colonies by smelling and feeling like they belong there. Of course, N. kronaueri is also constantly on the lookout for trouble. The hairs covering its body are sensory organs tuned to minute changes in vibration and pressure. These hairs probably help N. kronaueri navigate densely populated ant nests without raising alarms.
Survival is just a matter of clever disguise for N. kronaueri when the army ants are in their stationary phase, which lasts for up to a month while eggs hatch. But then the ants enter a nomadic phase, in which they wander the jungle eating everything in their path and sleep in temporary bivouac nests every night. Keeping up with the rampaging horde is difficult for a beetle, even though this is the time when it's likely to get the most leftover food every night. Hence N. kronaueri's unique method of riding the ants: the beetle clambers up onto the back of an ant before locking its mandibles onto the ant's "waist," between the thorax and gaster. Then N. kronaueri pulls all six of its legs into specialized grooves in its shell for the rough ride.
N. kronaueri aren't the only insects who hitch rides on ants like this: other beetles are known to cling to the underbellies of ants and ride upside down. Still others latch onto larvae or food, which the ants pick up and carry in their mandibles on the daily march. But N. kronaueri seem to be the only beetles who've figured out how to ride like cowboys. They even have a preferred size of steed, generally picking medium-sized ants to carry them.
Researchers von Beeren and Tishechkin identified the new beetle species first by observing their unique behavior, but then by using close anatomical examinations and DNA analysis. It turns out that when you want to know what beetle you're dealing with, the best place to start is with the genitals. So the two carefully dissected N. kronaueri's genitals and compared them to other species. They found what appeared to be a unique configuration.
DNA analysis also confirmed a new species. Interestingly, it seems that N. kronaueri also has very low genetic diversity. The researchers speculate that "a possible explanation is a recent genetic bottleneck, maybe due to a recent dispersal event followed by the expansion of a small genetically uniform founder population, a population genetic pattern typical for invasive species."
Von Beeren and Tishechkin note in their paper that N. kronaueri is just one of many species of myrmecophiles who live mysterious lives among ants, much the way crows, squirrels, and raccoons live among humans in cities. Because they live in vast colonies, ants are a particular target for "guest" species who want the protective environment created by an ant society—as well as its food scraps. Yet most of these ant-loving animals have not ever been studied. "We have no idea how they live or why they associate with ants," von Beeren and Tishechkin write.
The more we learn about our environment, the more obvious it becomes that animals constantly form intricate relationships that we are only beginning to understand.
BMC Zoology, 2017. DOI: 10.1186/s40850-016-0010-x (About DOIs).
Listing image by Daniel Kronauer
× Temporary homeless shelter in Golden Hill to close soon
SAN DIEGO – The nonprofit that operates a temporary homeless camp in Golden Hill is aiming to shutter the facility by the end of this week, officials said Monday.
Most of the residents have been transferred to a new industrial-sized tent recently erected in Barrio Logan, while others — including families with children — have been placed in housing, according to Amy Gonyeau, chief operating officer of the Alpha Project.
At a meeting of the City Council's Select Committee on Homelessness, Gonyeau said eight people are left at the facility, which is set up in the parking lot of a city operations yard at 20th and B streets, just south of the Balboa Park golf course.
Jonathan Herrera, who spearheads homelessness programs for the mayor's office, said the residents at the encampment were among the city's most vulnerable, including 21 families with children.
The facility was opened on Oct. 9 during the height of an outbreak of hepatitis A that struck the homeless population hard and resulted in 20 deaths. As many as 214 people a night stayed in 136 standard tents, Herrera said.
They said the city is now making the transition to what officials call “bridge shelters,” large tents where the homeless will be housed, provided with supportive services and ultimately moved on to more permanent solutions.
“Counselors, case managers and housing navigators will be on site to work with each client from day one to develop a person-centric strategy to getting them housed, as well as to make connections with the resources they need to address any underlying issues that may contribute to their homelessness,” Herrera said.
Two other large tent shelters are scheduled to open in the next few weeks, one in the East Village and the other in the Midway District.
“In total, these three bridge shelters will provide a new beginning and a fresh start for more than 700 homeless San Diegans at any given time,” Herrera said.
They said the goal will be to move them into more permanent housing within 120 days.
Herrera added that roughly 280 people are being served at a couple of “safe parking” sites, where people living in their vehicles can stop overnight in a secure area. Many of those are families, as well, they said.
April 10 Elitegroup Computer Systems Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to sell its unit Dragon Asia Trading Co Ltd at 6.8 yuan per share, to Ever Unicorn Estate Limited
* Says the total transaction amount will be in between 1.15 billion yuan and 1.38 billion yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/8pE4BE
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The investigation into the poisoning of the Skripals has of course led to a crisis in relations with the Kremlin.
By Nicole Dunkley
In a globalized economy, the differences between the lives of those in industrialized nations now have more similarities than differences. The story of Dal Woo Lee will no doubt be familiar to just about anyone who's reaching retirement age with plenty of unresolved worries about money.
A resident of Daegu, South Korea, the 52-year-old Lee had spent many busy years in the coffee distribution business, making enough to provide for their wife and daughters, but never enjoying the stability to really save for the future.
“Korea is a fiercely competitive society,” Lee says, “I felt that I had a lot left to do, and not very much time left in which to do it.”
Lee says things began to change in November 2016, when they met their eventual TLC sponsor, Global Director Kang Jin Ha. “When they talked about TLC's detox tea and the success the brand has had recently in my country, I could feel my heart grow so excited.”
With their decades of experience in the coffee distribution business, Lee understood the challenges (both financial and time-wise) of founding and general managing a conventional startup company. But network marketing was an avenue which had never previously occurred to him, and obviated many of their concerns about striking off in a new direction.
“The product is there, and the branding, and you get great support from an established team of leaders,” Lee says. “It removes some of the sense of risk and trepidation.”
Lee began to drink TLC's Iaso® Tea shortly after their meeting with Ha, and credits it with a newfound sense of general wellness. They feel as though they look better, and this confidence is reflected in the growth of their business. The transition into network marketing was not without challenges, however.
“I came very close to quitting at one point, but my upline [Global Director] O Jun Hui's constant prayer, coaching, and motivation got me through it,” Lee says. “I am deeply grateful to them for holding my hand and leading me to success.”
Lee has since become a Global Director himself, and feels as though the company has “detoxified” both their body, and their financial situation. They now regularly attends TLC events in the United States, and feels that the company's leadership shares their priorities.
“I got to meet [Founder] Jack Fallon, and I'll never forget their words of advice: first God, second family, third business. I live by the same creed.”
Lee believes that TLC has changed the course of their family's future, and continues to seek to bring the same opportunity to others.
About Total Life Changes
Total Life Changes offers a diverse product portfolio of health, wellness and beauty products. Founder and Tea Executive Officer Jack Fallon created TLC over 16 years ago with a single product: NutraBurst®. Since that time, TLC has continued to develop the Iaso® brand of products to include a diverse and attractive product portfolio matched with a hybrid binary compensation plan that allows IBOs of TLC to be rewarded quickly for introducing new customers to our products and business opportunity. Find out why so many are saying, “It really is different over here.”
Source:: https://www.businessforhome.org/2018/07/from-coffee-to-tea-dal-woo-lees-journey-to-tlc-global-director/
SHIFTING GEARS, AGAIN: Less than a year after unveiling its latest look, Glamour U.K. is preparing to re-launch yet again, this time as a beauty biannual.
The struggling Condé Nast Britain title — once a jewel in the crown of the publisher — has revealed plans to reduce its print frequency from monthly to twice-a-year as part of an overhaul, the second in a year.
Part of the new plan is to consolidate the editorial and commercial teams, meaning that branded and editorial content will be created by a single structure.
“There is enormous potential for us to grow within this untapped space and to partner with brands who want innovative digital and live solutions,” said publishing director Camilla Newman.
As reported in November, the title had supersized the magazine format and put mobile first in digital. The new brand strategy made its debut with the February 2017 issue. According to figures posted by U.K.'s Audit Bureau of Circulations in August, circulation was down 8.2 percent to 275,536 in the first half, following the launch.
The British title has been struggling more than others in the Condé stable, and is looking for new ways to woo its Millennial audience by making mobile and social content a priority.
It said beauty content has been the lead traffic generator on glamour.co.uk, which is why it will seek to transform its site into “the ultimate online beauty destination for U.K. consumers and advertisers.”
The print publication will aim to become a “beauty bible and style guide of the season.” Online content will include beauty tutorials, product reviews, collaborations with bloggers and beauty vloggers and broader cultural topics viewed through the lens of beauty.
Additionally, the title will explore opportunities such as hosting its annual Glamour Beauty Festival and the recently launched Beauty Club, a service where readers can receive beauty samples free of charge. It has received more than 50,000 subscriptions within its first five weeks.
The company said the format launched earlier this year led to a 6 percent total increase and a 7 percent rise in U.K. actively purchased sales period-on-period. But a more fundamental change was needed to answer to the overall shrinkage in the British women's fashion magazine sector.
“Today's Glamour consumer moves to a different rhythm than the one who bought the magazine when it launched in 2001. It is a faster, more focused, multiplatform relationship. The quality of ideas, vision and execution remain central, but the way in which it is delivered must change fundamentally with Glamour's new mix of digital, social, video, live and print, and its focus on beauty,” said Albert Read, managing director of Condé Nast Britain.
Glamour's last monthly issue will be December.
While many of us are in constant touch electronically with friends and family, the old tradition of sending (and receiving) Christmas cards to far-flung places is one that we still hold dear.
But a physical letter's journey is still subject to the delays caused by the huge distances between here and our far-away relatives and acquaintances.
So, it's best to get your cards and presents in the post good and early, to avoid disappointment.
And Royal Mail has published its recommended latest Christmas posting dates for air mail.
Post to the Middle East and Africa should be dispatched by Saturday, December 2, while cards or gifts to Australia or New Zealand should be mailed by Saturday, December 9.
The last recommended posting date for the United States and Canada is December 14, while cards and presents to Denmark, Norway, Slovakia and Switzerland can be posted up to Friday, December 15.
Closest to home, letters and parcels going to the The Republic of Ireland and France have a final sending date of Saturday, December 16 if they're to arrive in time for Christmas.
These last posting dates apply to both standard international services and those which have tracking and signature.
NEW YORK — Welcome to 2017. It's time to repeal Obamacare.
Congress returns to work this week and dismantling Obamacare is at the top of its to-do list.
Broad legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare would require 60 votes in the Senate, and Republicans don't control enough seats to make that happen or to squash a filibuster by the Democrats.
Instead, Republican lawmakers are expected to gut key provisions in the law using the budget reconciliation process. This process is limited to provisions that affect federal revenues and spending and requires only a simple majority to pass. It would enable Congress to repeal the Obamacare mandates that individuals have coverage and that companies with 50 or more employees provide workers with affordable insurance. Also, it can do away with the federal subsidies, eliminate funding for Medicaid expansion and cancel a multitude of Obamacare-related taxes.
Lawmakers are hoping to start the budget reconciliation process soon after they return to work Tuesday, though it may take a couple of months — or potentially longer — before they can get the repeal bill to Trump.
And it may take even longer to say goodbye to these Obamacare provisions. Since Republican lawmakers don't have a replacement plan ready, they are expected to delay the repeal from taking effect for at least two years.
The so-called “repeal and delay” tactic, however, is not sitting well with some in Congress, particularly a few top GOP senators. Senator Lamar Alexander, who chairs the health committee, said if the process is rushed, harm may be done or mistakes made. These senators would like to wait until a more solid replacement plan is in hand so it's possible they will try to slow down the reconciliation process.
The Obama administration and Democratic lawmakers are also promising to make things difficult. They are touting the fact that a record number of people have signed up for coverage so far. And they are emphasizing how much Obamacare means to Americans, asking them to share their stories using the hashtag #CoverageMatters. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is requesting that other congressional members hold events in mid-January, highlighting the risks of Republicans' plans for Obamacare and Medicare.
Also, Democrats and insurers are warning that any delay in replacing Obamacare could throw the individual insurance market into chaos for 2018. Insurers don't have time to wait around and see if they like what Republicans propose. They must submit their initial rate filings for 2018 to state regulators in May and sign contracts by September.
Republicans, however, may need more time than that to replace Obamacare. Maintaining coverage for those with pre-existing conditions and for low-income Americans could prove especially vexing since these groups are often costly to insure.
Only one repeal-and-replace bill has ever made it to the desk of President Obama, who vetoed it in early 2016. That bill would have increased the number of uninsured by 22 million, according to an analysis by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office.
However, the legislation provides a framework for how Republican lawmakers — particularly House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Budget Committee Chair Tom Price, who is Trump's pick for health secretary — would replace Obamacare.
Here's what a Republican plan to replace Obamacare may look like:
Tax credits instead of subsidies: Instead of providing federal subsidies to help people afford their premiums, Republicans would give refundable tax credits to those who buy policies in the individual market.
Republicans would adjust the credit by age, instead of income, as Obamacare does. Ryan, in their “A Better Way” plan, does not provide details. But Price's “Empowering Patients First Act” lays out how much people would receive, ranging from $1,200 for those ages 18 to 35 to $3,000 for those age 50 and up.
The Republican plan would help more middle class Americans, who make too much to qualify for Obamacare subsidies. But the tax credits could prove much less generous for many lower- and moderate-income Obamacare enrollees who do receive the subsidies, which can lower the cost of coverage to just under 10% of their annual income.
High-risk pools for the sick: Republicans would set up a two-track system to cover people with pre-existing conditions: one for those who maintain continuous coverage and one for those who don't.
Those who are currently covered could not be dropped from their plans or be prevented from renewing them because they are sick. And insurers can't charge them higher premiums.
For those with a pre-existing condition who haven't maintained continuous coverage, the GOP would bring back state-based high-risk pools, which were largely shut down after the Obamacare exchanges became operational in 2014.
Ryan's plan would funnel $25 billion over 10 years to the pools, while Price's would provide $1 billion annually over three years.
This falls far short of what some experts say is needed. Covering the majority of uninsured Americans with pre-existing conditions through a national high risk pool would cost an estimated $178 billion a year, according to a 2014 Commonwealth Fund report.
Medicaid block grants: Republicans would limit how much the federal government spends on the health insurance program for the poor. Most plans call for providing states with a fixed amount of money under a block grant program or a set grant per enrollee, known as a per capita grant.
The GOP would also encourage states to design plans that fit their needs. More would be allowed to charge premiums or co-payments or adopt work requirements, for instance.
Ryan's plan calls for freezing the number of states that have expanded Medicaid under Obamacare and would limit the funding for covering low-income adults. Price does not address Medicaid in their proposal beyond repealing expansion.
Under Obamacare, states can opt to expand their Medicaid programs to cover all low-income adults up to 138% of the poverty level, or about $16,400 for an individual. The federal government covered 100% of the expansion population's costs from the provision's debut in 2014 through 2016. That rate will gradually decrease to 90% by 2020. So far, 31 states plus the District of Columbia have signed on.
Bolstering Health Savings Accounts: Health Savings Accounts are a favorite policy tool of Republicans. Trump, Ryan and Price all mention them in their plans.
HSAs are only available to people with high-deductible health plans. Those participants can make tax deductible contributions toward current and future health care expenses. Any savings they don't use can remain invested and grow tax-free. One of the goals of HSAs is to entice more people to enroll in high-deductible plans, which are seen as a way to slow the growth of health care spending since consumers must shell out more from their own pocket.
Price would provide a $1,000 one-time refundable tax credit for contributions and would increase the amount people could sock away in these accounts, up from the current $3,350 for individuals and $6,750 for families. They would broaden eligibility, protect the accounts from bankruptcy proceedings and allow older Americans to transfer their required minimum distribution from their retirement accounts into their HSAs.
Ryan, meanwhile, would expand the maximum contribution to the account so it would equal an enrollee's deductible and out-of-pocket expense limit. And they would allow more people to participate, such as military members enrolled in TRICARE.
Capping employer-sponsored plans: Both Obamacare and Republicans want to keep the cost of employer-sponsored insurance in check to deter companies from offering overly generous plans. Economists argue this would help slow the rise in health care costs and raise more revenue for the federal government.
Obamacare aimed to do so through the so-called Cadillac tax, which was to impose a 40% tax on the value of policies above $10,200 for single coverage and $27,500 for family coverage in 2018. However, the provision was despised by companies and unions alike, and its implementation was delayed to 2020.
Ryan and Price would limit the tax exclusion on work-based insurance coverage. Ryan doesn't provide details, but Price would cap the benefit at $8,000 for individuals and $20,000 for families.
About 150 million Americans are insured through their jobs. The average individual policy cost $6,435 in 2016, while the family premium was $18,142, according to the 2016 Kaiser/HRET Employer Health Benefits report.
CNN Senior Congressional Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this story.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani proposed to parliament on Sunday a conservative state budget of about $104 billion for next year, with the outlook for the economy and state revenues clouded by tensions with the United States.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani attends a meeting of the Social Council of Iran, in Tehran, Iran, October 31, 2017. President.ir/Handout via REUTERS
Rouhani announced a draft budget for the Iranian year starting next March 21 of 3,681 trillion rials ($103.9 billion at the official exchange rate), excluding the spending of state enterprises.
That is up about 6 percent from the budget plan for the current year, but since inflation is running at nearly 10 percent, the budget extends the conservative fiscal policy which Rouhani introduced after taking office in 2013.
In a speech broadcast live by state television, Rouhani described the budget as one that would work toward full employment, eliminating poverty and creating social justice.
After struggling for years under sanctions, Iran's economy picked up in 2016 after most restrictions were removed under a deal with world powers on its nuclear program. Gross domestic product grew 12.5 percent last year, according to the International Monetary Fund.
But that leap in growth was almost entirely due to a surge in the oil sector as Iran became able to increase its oil exports; the rest of the economy, which is more important to the welfare of most Iranians, improved much less. The IMF projects growth of just 3.5 percent this year.
Unemployment, officially put at around 12.5 percent, is a major cause of public concern and Rouhani said in their speech that 840,000 people would enter the job market next year.
Rouhani is under pressure to boost economic growth and create jobs as their hardline opponents, who were against the nuclear agreement, say they have failed to improve living standards as much as hoped after the lifting of sanctions.
U.S. President Donald Trump, who has taken a hawkish approach toward Iran, has said Tehran's missile program should be curbed and wants to punish Iran over its roles in Yemen and Syria.
Trump has also dealt a blow to the nuclear deal by disavowing Iran's compliance with its terms, and the U.S. Congress may re-impose sanctions or impose new sanctions. This threat has deterred many foreign banks and companies from doing business with Iran.
As in past years, the draft budget shows spending and revenues in balance, although the actual result will depend on fluctuations in oil prices. Next year's budget assumes oil prices of about $55 per barrel, Iranian news agencies reported, up from about $50 assumed for the current year's budget.
The total draft budget, including state enterprises, amounts to 11,949 trillion rials, according to the text of the proposed plan published by Iranian news agencies.
The draft budget has to be passed by parliament and approved by a clerical body that vets legislation before it becomes law.
CONCORD, N.C. — Denny Hamlin won the pole Friday night for the NASCAR Cup playoff race Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Hamlin turned a lap at 191.598 mph on the 1 1/2-mile oval for their first pole of the season. He'll share the front row with Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Matt Kenseth.
Hamlin has wins at New Hampshire and Darlington this year, but has never won at Charlotte.
"This is a track position-type race track," Hamlin said. "You want to have that first pit stall and have the clean air."
Market Scenario:
Communication services offered in cloud computing has been recognized by organizations and individuals for a wide range of applications. The driving force behind growth of cloud communication services in market is the distributive IT hardware and software which saves the cost of organization's IT infrastructure. Low costs, minimum technician requirements, flexible applications of cloud communication makes it easy for the investors to adopt this technology which is also one of the driving factors for its growth in the market. The advantage of using this technology is that the data can be accessed anywhere and anytime. The drawback of using this technology is that it has no redundancy.
Cloud communication platform is the platform that provides information technology services and products to the users on demand. This system provides all data and voice communication services through a third party outside the organization and are accessed over the public internet infrastructure.
The Cloud Communication Platform Market is expected to grow at USD ~5.6 Billion by 2023, at ~26% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
The Cloud Communication Platform Market is segmented on the basis of solution, service and vertical. The solution segment includes unified communication and collaboration (UCC), application programming interface (API), interactive voice response (IVR), web real time communication (Web RTC). By solution segment, unified communication and collaboration allows a user to send a message on one platform and receive the same communication on another platform. This system is useful for day-to-day communications. It provides the ability to communicate easily through a wide range of integrated components in order to facilitate all types of communication. It allows multiple modes of communication to be integrated.
Request a Copy of Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2811
Major Key Players:
Cisco Systems Inc. (U.S.)
West IP Communications Inc. (U.S.)
Netfortis Inc. (U.S.)
Telestax Inc. (U.S.)
Avaya Inc. (U.S.)
Nexmo Inc. (U.S.)
Hookflash Solutions Inc. (Canada)
Coms Care Ltd. (U.K.)
8X8 Inc. (U.S.)
Plivo Inc. (U.S.)
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of cloud communication platform market is being studied for region such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. North America is estimated to acquire the largest market share because of increase in demand of the users using this technology due to rapid deployment, flexible and low-cost structures.
This technology reduces the burden on IT of building and managing infrastructure. Europe is expected to be the second largest region as industries are benefited with this cloud ecosystem which supports the development of technologies such as low-power chips for high performance computing.
Study Objectives of Cloud Communication Platform Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the cloud communication platform market.
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the cloud communication platform market based porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment on the basis of solution, service, vertical and region.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the cloud communication platform
Segments:
Cloud Communication Platform Market is segmented on the basis of Solution, Service and Vertical.
Cloud Communication Platform Market by Solution:
Unified communication and collaboration (UCC)
Application programming interface (API)
Interactive voice response (IVR)
Web Real time communication (Web RTC)
Voice Over Internet Protocol
Reporting and Analytics
Cloud Communication Platform Market by Service:
Training & consulting
Support & maintenance
Managed services
Cloud Communication Platform Market by Vertical:
IT & Telecommunications
BFSI
Media & Entertainment
Healthcare
Transportation
Education
Others
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud-communication-platform-market-2811
Intended Audience:
Cloud service providers
Project managers
Developers
Executives
Administrators
IT industry
Cloud computing agencies
Government organizations
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
THERE was never any doubting Frank Beckenbauer's class on the football field, and their bravery wasn't far behind judging by their actions in the classic 1970 World Cup semi-final between West Germany and Italy.
In a contest known as the “Game of the Century” and played in front of 102,444 at Mexico's Estadio Azteca, Beckenbauer's performance will never be forgotten.
What was the ‘moment': Franz Beckenbauer finishing West Germany's semi-final against Italy with a broken collarbone and their arm in a sling.
Which World Cup was it? Mexico, 1970
Country played for: West Germany
In the 70th minute with the Azzurri leading 1-0 courtesy of an early Roberto Boninsegna goal, the man they called “Der Kaiser” was the victim of an ugly foul from Italian defender Pierluigi Cera.
It left Beckenbauer with a broken collarbone and a dislocated shoulder. But with the Germans already having used their two substitutes, they refused to leave the field.
Instead, the courageous Beckenbauer played with their arm in a sling for the rest of an extraordinary game that needed extra time to find a winner.
SKIP TO THE 3:06 IN THE VIDEO BELOW TO SEE BECKENBAUER'S INJURY AND SUBSEQUENT BRAVERY
Unfortunately for Beckenbauer, their heroics weren't rewarded with a German victory.
Having equalised on the stroke of full-time through defender Karl-Heinz Schnellinger, the Germans took a 2-1 lead four minutes into extra-time via the great Gerd Muller.
But Italy fought back with goals from Tarcisio Burgnich and Gigi Riva to lead 3-2.
However, the Germans weren't finished, with Muller equalising in the 110th minute.
But a minute later, Italy sealed a 4-3 win with a Gianni Rivera goal.
While Beckenbauer was a loser on the scoreboard that day, the football Gods smiled on them four years later when they captained West Germany to World Cup glory on home soil.
Camera Icon Beckenbauer would be rewarded four years later, when they led West Germany to victory at the 1974 tournament in Munich. Picture: News Corp Australia
RE-LIVE THE GREATEST MOMENTS:
DAY ONE: Diego Maradona's Hand of God goal
DAY TWO: Roy Keane's epic ‘f*****g” rant
DAY THREE: Luis Suarez's extraordinary brain explosion
DAY FOUR: The greatest goal celebration in World Cup history
DAY FIVE: The battle of Nuremberg
DAY SIX: The humiliation of Brazil
DAY SEVEN: Escobar's deadly own goal
DAY EIGHT: The greatest Brazil team ever assembled
DAY NINE: South Korea's fairytale run at ‘corrupt' Cup
DAY 10: Tragic tale of Brazil's most hated man
DAY 11: Dennis Bergkamp's impossibly perfect touch
DAY 12: Zaire's free kick madness
DAY 13: France's mutinous meltdown
DAY 14: The birth of the Cruyff turn
DAY 15: Rossi magic stuns Brazil's best
By: Noelle Harada, Columnist
Love it or hate it, Valentine's Day is upon us. For many people, Valentine's Day is about three things: love, sex and food. For centuries, humans have believed in the power of food to improve their sex lives. Foods, drinks, or drugs that supposedly arouse sexual desire are known as aphrodisiacs. Aphrodisiacs differ throughout cultures and have evolved throughout history, but the thought processes behind these powerful foods are quite similar. Aphrodisiacs are typically smooth, rich, creamy, exotic or spicy foods, and they can be grouped into multiple categories.
Foods that create “heat” in the body are thought to “heat” up passion. Foods such as ginger and chili peppers fall into this category. Ginger has been used for centuries in Eastern cultures as an aphrodisiac. In India, ginger is often mixed with eggs and honey as a treatment for impotence — it supposedly improves blood flow to the limbs and the loin. Another spicy aphrodisiac, the chili pepper, stimulates endorphins, speeds up heart rate and makes you sweat. These symptoms mimic the feeling of arousal. The red color is also a symbol of fiery love and passion.
The next category of aphrodisiacs includes foods that look like sexual organs. This group includes avocados, figs and bananas. Although the initial belief stems from their shape, there is science behind the suspicions. Avocados contain high levels of vitamin E, which is essential to the production of sex hormones. This aphrodisiac goes back to the 15th Century — when the Aztecs called the avocado tree the “Ahuacuatl,” which translates to “testicle tree.” This makes sense because the avocados hang low on the tree in pairs. Figs represent fertility, and the leaves represent modesty. These fruits contain potassium and antioxidants needed for sexual health. Besides the obvious phallic shape, bananas offer similar nutritional attributes. The potassium and B vitamins elevate energy levels needed for sex.
The third category consists of foods that are exotic — and therefore erotic. Oysters and chocolate fall into this category. There is an extensive history behind the aphrodisiac properties of oysters. Oysters have long been considered luxurious. Their smell has been described as similar to a female pheromone, and they contain nutrients that increase libido. Oysters contain zinc, a key nutrient for testosterone production (which increases libido in both men and women).
Another luxury item, chocolate, has an aphrodisiac reputation dating back to the Mayans who supposedly used cacao beans to pay for prostitutes. Fast forward to modern times, and chocolate remains a known aphrodisiac. In the late 20th Century, researchers discovered that chocolate releases phenylethylamine (PEA), the same hormone as sex, into the body. This effect, however, is too small to actually be noticeable, and you would have to consume a lot of chocolate to feel the effects. Also, chocolate may spike dopamine levels to induce feelings of pleasure. Again, you'd have to eat about 25 pounds of chocolate in a sitting to really feel the effects.
Although some science backs up the validity of aphrodisiacs, the power of these foods is not promising. You would have to eat a lot of oysters or chocolate to experience any real effects. The power of aphrodisiacs is more of a placebo. So, if you and your partner share a romantic night with a platter of chocolate covered strawberries and oysters — and you both believe in the power of aphrodisiacs — then you are more likely to jolt your sex drive. If nothing else, you will have a fun night eating food and enjoying each other's company, which will brighten the mood and improve your chances in the bedroom.
CHICAGO — The mayors of Chicago and Washington are making a friendly wager on the outcome of the National League Division Series between the Cubs and the Nationals.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said Friday that he's wagering beer, sausage and steaks. Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser is betting beer and half-smokes.
The losing mayor also will make a donation to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Bowser says she's looking forward "to enjoying some of Chicago's most delicious treats." Emanuel says there's no doubt last year's World Series champion Cubs will "take the series."
And by "Chamber of Secrets has been opened" we really hope that they mean the relationship is no longer a secret!
Ariana Grande and rumored bf Pete Davidson have made their relationship Instagram official.
After much speculation, the SNL comedian posted a photo of them and the pop star in matching Harry Potter robes.
As for which house they support, Davidson is a strong supporter of Gryffindor while Ariana posted a picture of their Slytherin hoodie.
In fact, they commented on their post writing, “u tryna slytherin (I'm deleting my account now).”
The duo was speculated to be casually dating after they both split up with their significant others -- Grande from Mac Miller and Davidson from Cazzie David.
They also spent a romantic Memorial Day weekend together!
Bullying has been going on forever but the way bullies go about is worse today then ever, especially with social media bullying to add to it. The effects of bullying can last a lifetime and completely the change the course of a child's life. Sometimes it leads to a lifetime time of insecurity, depression and even suicide.
As a parent, it is heartbreaking to watch your child go through it. As a parent, if you are aware of your child being a bully and you do nothing about it, shame on you. As a child, if you bully another child, you will realize how awful you are some day. As a child, if you are being bullied…it gets better. I promise you.
After this boys mom put their video plea to bullies to stop online, it went viral. Celebs have come forward to support them and help them get through it. They even got #StandWithKeaton trending on Twitter.
If you are being bullied, start speaking up and standing up for yourself. If you feel like no one cares or listens you can text the crisis line anytime day or night 741-741. You can also call 1-800-273-8255 The 8255 is ‘talk' spelled out if that makes it easier to remember.
In this Tuesday, May 29, 2018 photo, Tree PDX marijuana shop owner Brooke Smith poses for a photo outside their small shop in Portland, Ore. Smith is a member of the newly formed Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance which will launch an ad campaign this fall to educate Oregonians about why they should pay more for "craft cannabis" that's locally grown. (AP Photo/Don Ryan)
In this Tuesday, May 29, 2018 photo, Tree PDX marijuana shop owner Brooke Smith poses for a photo outside their small shop in Portland, Ore. Smith is a member of the newly formed Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance which will launch an ad campaign this fall to educate Oregonians about why they should pay more for "craft cannabis" that's locally grown. (AP Photo/Don Ryan)
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - When Oregon lawmakers created the state's legal marijuana program, they had one goal in mind above all else: to convince illicit pot growers to leave the black market.
That meant low barriers to entry that also targeted long-standing medical marijuana growers, whose product is not taxed. As a result, weed production boomed - with a bitter consequence.
Now, marijuana prices here are in freefall, and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before broad legalization say they are in peril of losing their now-legal businesses as the market adjusts.
Oregon regulators on Wednesday announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks to address a severe backlog and ask state lawmakers to take up the issue next year.
Experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California, where a similar regulatory structure could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale.
"For the way the program is set up, the state just wants to get as many people in as possible, and they make no bones about it," Hilary Bricken, a Los Angeles-based attorney specializing in marijuana business law, said of California. "Most of these companies will fail as a result of oversaturation."
Oregon has nearly 1 million pounds (453,600 kilograms) of marijuana flower - commonly called bud - in its inventory, a staggering amount for a state with about 4 million people. Producers told The Associated Press wholesale prices fell more than 50 percent in the past year; a study by the state's Office of Economic Analysis found the retail cost of a gram of marijuana fell from $14 in 2015 to $7 in 2017.
The oversupply can be traced largely to state lawmakers' and regulators' earliest decisions to shape the industry.
They were acutely aware of Oregon's entrenched history of providing top-drawer pot to the black market nationwide, as well as a concentration of small farmers who had years of cultivation experience in the legal, but largely unregulated, medical pot program.
Getting those growers into the system was critical if a legitimate industry was to flourish, said Sen. Ginny Burdick, a Portland Democrat who co-chaired a committee created to implement the voter-approved legalization measure.
Lawmakers decided not to cap licenses; to allow businesses to apply for multiple licenses; and to implement relatively inexpensive licensing fees.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which issues licenses, announced Wednesday it will put aside applications for new licenses received after June 15 until a backlog of pending applications is cleared out. The decision comes after U.S. Attorney Billy Williams challenged state officials to address Oregon's oversupply problem.
"In my view, and frankly in the view of those in the industry that I've heard from, it's a failing of the state for not stepping back and taking a look at where this industry is at following legalization," Williams told the AP in a phone interview.
But those in the industry supported the initial decisions that led to the oversupply, Burdick said.
"We really tried to focus on policies that would rein in the medical industry and snuff out the black market as much as possible," Burdick said.
Lawmakers also quickly backtracked on a rule requiring marijuana businesses have a majority of ownership by someone with Oregon residency after entrepreneurs complained it was hard to secure startup money. That change opened the door to out-of-state companies with deep pockets that could begin consolidating the industry.
The state has granted 1,001 producer licenses and has another 950 in process as of last week. State officials worry if they cut off licensing entirely or turn away those already in the application process, they'll get sued or encourage illegal trade.
Some of the same parameters are taking shape in California, equally known for black-market pot from its Emerald Triangle region.
The rules now in effect there place caps only on certain, medium-sized growing licenses. In some cases, companies have acquired dozens of growing licenses, which can be operated on the same or adjoining parcels. The growers association is suing to block those rules, fearing they will open the way for vast farms that will drive out smaller cultivators.
Beau Whitney, senior economist at national cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data, said he's seeing California prices fall.
In contrast, Washington knew oversupply could draw federal attention and was more conservative about licensing. As the market matured, its regulators eased growing limits, but the state never experienced an oversupply crisis.
Colorado has no caps on licenses, but strict rules designed to limit oversupply allow the state to curtail a growers' farm size based on past crop yields, existing inventory, sales deals and other factors.
In Oregon, cannabis retail chains are emerging to take advantage of the shake-up.
A company called Nectar has 13 stores around the state - with three more on tap - and says on its website it is buying up for-sale dispensaries too. Canada-based Golden Leaf Holdings bought the successful Oregon startup Chalice and has six stores around Portland, with another slated to open.
William Simpson, Chalice's founder and Golden Leaf Holdings CEO, is expanding into Northern California, Nevada and Canada. Simpson welcomes criticism that he's dumbing down cannabis the same way Starbucks brought coffee to a mass market.
"If you take Chalice like Starbucks, it's a known quantity, it's a brand that people know and trust," they said.
Amy Margolis, executive director of the Oregon Cannabis Association, says that capping licenses would only spur even more consolidation in the long-term. The state is currently working on a study that should provide data and more insight into what lies ahead.
"I don't think that everything in this state is motivated by struggle and failure," they said. "I'm very interested to see ... how this market settles itself and (in) being able to do that from a little less of a reactionary place."
For now, Oregon's smaller marijuana businesses are trying to stay afloat.
A newly formed group will launch an ad campaign this fall to tell Oregonians why they should pay more for mom-and-pop cannabis. Adam Smith, who founded the Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, believes 70 percent of Oregon's small growers and retailers will go out of business if consumers don't respond.
"We could turn around in three to four years and realize that 10 to 12 major companies own a majority of the Oregon industry and that none of it is really based here anymore," they said. "The Oregon brand is really all about authenticity. It's about people with their hands in the dirt, making something they love as well as they can. How do we save that?"
___
Associated Press writers Gene Johnson in Seattle, Michael R. Blood in Los Angeles and Kathleen Foody in Denver contributed to this report.
___
Flaccus is a member of the AP's marijuana beat team. Follow them on Twitter at https://twitter.com/gflaccus. Follow complete AP marijuana coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS - Dallas Animal Services and Adoption Center cares for about 3,200 animals each year. The agency provides a safe, compassionate, and healthy place for pups and more until they can find their forever home.
The shelter welcomes different animals -- for a variety of reasons -- that later can go through an easy adoption process. And YOU can even take it a step further by fostering.
"Fostering is huge. A lot of these animals just need an opportunity to either decompress or recover from an injury; it helps them get back up and get adopted to a great family. If you can foster, that is just as important, Dallas Animal Services and Adoption Center's Ryan Rogers said. "If you can't adopt or foster a pet, then something as simple as going by and walking a dog can make a difference."
The shelter is looking for volunteers who can get the dogs out of their cage and get them moving around, giving them a little more playtime and exercise.
For more information about Dallas Animal Services and Adoption Center, or to see the pets up for adoption, visit DallasCityHall.com or check out their Facebook page.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US shipbuilder Huntington Ingalls has received a work order for production and test engineering of the Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier's systems and nuclear reactors, the Department of Defense announced in a press release on Monday.
"Huntington Ingalls Inc., Newport News, Virginia, is being awarded a $21,664,219 modification to previously awarded contract for production and test engineering efforts for pre-commissioning Unit Gerald R. Ford (CVN 78)," the release explained.
Huntington Ingalls is the United States sole designer and builder of nuclear powered aircraft carriers, the release noted.
The Gerald R. Ford is the first of the Navy's next generation Ford-class aircraft carriers. Earlier in April it completed what is known as "builder's" sea trials.
The Navy expects to take delivery of the carrier sometime in 2017 and will conduct further testing. The next Ford-class carrier currently under construction is the John F. Kennedy.
Shocking pictures and video of a giant snake curling around a small pooch preparing "lunch" were released on China's social network Weibo.
Zookeepers in the Hebin Park in China fed live puppies to giant pythons, a move that deeply shocked the park's visitors and social media users.
The horrifying shots depicting how little pups were put in one enclosure with the pythons were taken by an eyewitness named Zi Yue and released on China's social network Weibo.
One of the images shows a giant snake wrapped around the dog apparently ready for lunch.
READ MORE: Switzerland Bans Boiling Lobsters Alive After Researchers Say They Feel Pain
When the young woman went to the zoo with their friend and saw the terrifying sight, they decided to capture it on their camera.
WARNING: The images can offend sensibilities
© Photo: ZI Yue/Weibo/PETA Asia Picture on Chinese social media, taken by an eye-witness, shows a puppy being place next to a golden python
"I don't understand why the zookeeper had to do so. I suspect they had found a litter of puppies in the park, so they decided to feed them to the snakes," Zi Yue told MailOnline.
© Photo: ZI Yue/Weibo/PETA Asia The Hebin Park in Pingdingshan city has admitted to the allegations and stopped doing so
The publication went viral and has drawn the attention of various animal protection organizations including PETA Asia ("People for the ethical treatment of animals").
"This is yet another example of the importance of an animal protection law and why China needs to implement one," PETA Asia was quoted by the newspaper as saying.
A spokesperson of the zoo admitted that small puppies were indeed given to the giant snakes as a meal. PETA has called for an investigation into the case.
Panasonic has taken the wraps off its new range of audio products, that join the company's All Connected multi-room streaming platform.
The new products include a one-box hi-fi micro system, slimline, wall-mountable all-in-one sound system and a new soundbar with wireless subwoofer.
Panasonic has undergone extensive research and testing with the three to not only improve the sound quality, but the whole user experience, ease of use and ultimately synchronisation with other products in its repertoire.
We were invited to a private listening session of the new products, to see how things have changed and to hear about Panasonic's audio plans going forward.
We started with the PMX-152 [pictured above], which is the succeeding model to the PMX-100 micro hi-fi system.
At £549 it's not cheap, but Panasonic believes the sound quality and list of features more than justifies its price. It's the first Panasonic CD micro hi-fi system to benefit from the company's CD High-Res Master feature which claims to up-sample CD audio to high-resolution quality.
MP3 Re-Master and Bluetooth Re-Master technologies also aim to deliver the best possible sound from compressed sources.
The 152 is compatible with other All Connected multi-room speakers too, and Panasonic says it's tapping into a segment of the multi-room market that nobody is currently filling, or at least filling well.
Sonos may be the name that first comes to mind when you think of multi-room, but it relies on integrated music streaming services or an external source via line-in when connected to a Control or Control:Amp.
Panasonic's system lets you stream music via DLNA, AirPlay or Spotify Connect over Wi-Fi to other products, but can also re-stream external sources via Bluetooth. For example, you can play a CD on the PMX-152 and it can be streamed to another speaker in the same room, or even one in the kitchen. Although it does rely on Bluetooth, so the other product(s) will need to be in range.
Volume levels for all speakers or systems in a group can be controlled together or individually, but for now you can only play the same song on all speakers rather than separate ones in different rooms.
The SC-HC1020 is Panasonic's lifestyle hi-fi system, serving up a slim design that can be wall mounted if you don't have a surface to put it on, or just prefer the overall look. The new model has received more external design changes than internal upgrades, and now sports a more symmetrical design compared to its predecessor.
Panasonic has also developed a new wall-mount sound mode, that noticeably changes the sound from it being placed on a surface, to on a wall.
When on a surface, it delivers a sound with a generous amount of bass weight, while keeping the vocals clear. Move it to a wall and that bass weight becomes a bit overpowering, turn the wall mount mode on however and a fair amount of it disappears. You're left with a clear, full-bodied sound that also benefits from wide dispersion around the room, ideal for a one-box system that may not be in the centre of your room.
Like the other products announced, the SC-HC1020 can re-stream music to any other All Connected speaker.
Finally, Panasonic has a new soundbar, the SC-HTB488, which sports a completely new design. The new model ditches the upward firing speakers from its predecessor, instead focusing on pushing sound straight at the audience rather than up over their head. This is partly to help it fare better with music as well as movies. Panasonic says a lot of soundbar owners want to use their 'bar for both purposes, but often find they can't compete with a dedicated system when it comes to music.
The new design, coupled with improvements to the internal speaker drivers and rethinking the wireless subwoofer have had a significant effect. Music has a lot more impact than before and vocals are much clearer. The bass could be a bit too much for some, but settings for this can be adjusted.
The same powerful sound is carried across to movies too. Whereas before dialogue was good, you never felt the full force of explosions or high-action scenes, fortunately that's now been addressed and the new soundbar delivers a lot more oomph. Our only niggle from our brief time listening to the soundbar was that we noticed some other sound effects, such as birds chirping in the background or glass shattering were lost a little.
Panasonic has made several improvements to its All Connected app for iOS and Android too. The app will automatically find any All Connected speaker or systems on the same network, and if you want to create a group of speakers to send audio to, you simply drag and drop them together. It's a nice touch and something that sets the app apart from the competition.
Also, when you insert a CD to one of the CD systems, the app will read it and access Gracenote to download album artwork and track names. Before, the app wasn't able to do this and just showed 'Track 1', 'Track 2' and so on.
We're impressed with Panasonic's new offerings, hearing the new products versus the old side by side made it clear several improvements had been made to the sound quality. The addition of the Connected multi-room platform across all products makes them a viable alternative to the likes of Sonos and Bose as you can stream other soures such CD or vinyl around your home.
YRF's action spectacle Shamshera that pits Ranbir Kapoor, who is currently riding high on the success of their film Sanju, and Sanjay Dutt in a bloody face off on the big screen is set to release in 2020.
Directed by Karan Malhotra, who directed the blockbuster Agneepath, Shamshera is a desi, high-octane masala film and it is slated to release on July 31, 2020. An edge of the seat adventure, it is set in the heartland of India and will have jaw-dropping action sequences and a never seen before Ranbir Kapoor. Sanjay Dutt takes on Ranbir as they play a ruthless, merciless villain in the film.
Shamshera also stars Vaani Kapoor as a gorgeous temptress and their pairing with Ranbir makes it one of the freshest jodis on big screen. Recently, a teaser of the project was released which showed Ranbir leading an army of dacoits, and delivering the punch line of the film in a husky voice: “Karam se dacait, dharam se azaad”.
“Shamshera is exactly the film I was looking for. While growing up watching Hindi commercial cinema, I had an image of what a film hero should be doing. ‘Shamshera' allows me to do everything that I had imagined and it's a very exciting project for me,” Ranbir said in a statement.
“Karan is going to take me completely out of my comfort zone and I'm looking forward to this challenge,” Ranbir said of the high-octane adventure which is set in the heartland of India.
The film is set to go on the floors end of this year and shooting will wrap by mid 2019.
SAN DIEGO – Two Canadian citizens were each sentenced in San Diego Monday to 30 months in federal prison for intentionally setting their sailboat on fire off the coast of Washington state, requiring the U.S. Coast Guard to rescue them from the Pacific Ocean.
“The actions of these individuals created a great danger to themselves and to the crew members of the cutter Steadfast,” said Rear Adm. Todd Sokalzuk, commander of the Eleventh Coast Guard District, headquartered in Alameda, California.
“The conviction and sentence demonstrate that the Coast Guard will seek to bring to justice those that endanger others on the open ocean,” they said.
Last Oct., 28, while on patrol in the Pacific, the Steadfast came into contact with Emerson Rome and Bradley Wise, both 31, about 200 nautical miles west of Willapa Bay, Washington.
The 31-year-old sailors — whose clothing later tested positive for methamphetamine — were aboard the Tarry-A-Bit, a 39-foot vessel capable of long-distance voyages.
When Coast Guard personnel approached the sailboat, one of the crewmembers began to light parts of the sailboat on fire, causing flames to sweep through the boat.
While it was engulfed in flames, Rome and Wise tied over the (rudder) of the vessel, causing it to spin in circles and preventing the Coast Guard from easily putting out the blaze.
According to their plea agreements, Rome and Wise set the Tarry-A-Bit on fire to prevent the Coast Guard from boarding the sailboat. The crew of the Steadfast attempted to extinguish the fire, but burned to the waterline, the Tarry-A-Bit sank on its own and no contraband was recovered from the debris.
Finance ministers from the 19 European countries using the euro currency are meeting in Luxembourg Thursday to decide whether to unfreeze the latest installment of Greece's rescue loans and to discuss potential debt relief measures to be enacted when the bailout program ends next year.
Greece's left-led coalition government recently legislated more belt-tightening reforms, including pension cuts, in an effort to meet requirements for the disbursement of its latest long-delayed rescue loan installment. It needs the funds as it faces a roughly 7 billion euro spikes in debt repayments in July which it will struggle to meet from its own resources.
Greeks, Tsipras wrote, are "full of hope and expectation for this meeting of finance ministers. Because we have done everything we owe and we continue on the same European path."
"And we expect the same from our lenders. For them to respect the rules that they themselves wrote," they added. "To respect my country. To respect Greece."
Pierre Moscovici, the EU's financial affairs commissioner, told German newspaper WAZ they expected Thursday's Eurogroup meeting to conclude Greece had done enough on the reform front to get the bailout funds and that they hoped a "fair solution" would be reached on debt relief.
A key voice will be that of German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, who has often taken a tough stance on Greece over the seven years of its bailout era.
In Berlin, Juerg Weissgerber, a spokesperson for Germany's finance ministry, said Schaeuble recently expressed optimism that an agreement would be reached.
"We believe that we can agree a sustainable overall package," Weissgerber said Wednesday.
But in Greece expectations appeared gloomier, with state-run media quoting an anonymous government official as saying the two sides were "very far" from an agreement.
The official was quoted as saying that if no decision was taken Thursday, Athens would ask for a eurozone leaders' summit on the sidelines of a June 22 meeting of the EU's heads of government.
Weissgerber, asked by reporters whether there might be a need for heads of government to meet over the issue, said that "in this case the Eurogroup is the body that's responsible."
European creditors had promised some form of debt relief if Greece implemented austerity measures. Athens has long argued that it needs some form of debt relief for its debt to be deemed sustainable, which would in turn help it return to the international borrowing markets.
But the issue has been complicated by disagreement between the Europeans and the International Monetary Fund, which participated in Greece's first two bailouts, over the country's growth potential and long-term debt sustainability.
J.P. Morgan's Marco Protopapa and Aditya Chordia said Greece's "expectations, strongly linked to (governing party) Syriza's desire to receive a major political boost to a faltering electoral support, have long proved excessive."
They anticipate that Greece will likely receive "unanimous praise" for its reform efforts and get a quick disbursement of cash but that the issue of debt relief will "remain ongoing."
Tsipras' government, initially elected in 2015 on promises to repeal all bailout-linked austerity, has instead approved more. The latest legislation extends budget cuts for roughly five years, beyond the end of Greece's third bailout program in 2018.
Market Scenario:
Major giants like Cisco Systems and IBM Corporation are implementing the software defined networking market owing to increasing demand from various industry verticals like BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing, IT & telecommunication and government among others. Increasing adoption of software defined networking solutions and services is one major factor fueling the growth of software defined networking market.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1607
North America region holds the largest market share of global software defined networking market and also is expected to be the largest revue generator owing to the continuous technological advancements in the region. The growth in North America region is mainly dominated by U.S. and Canada. This owing to the presence of key players like IBM Corporation, Cisco Systems, Intel Corporation and Big Switch Networks in the region. The region also has a well-established infrastructure which allows seamless implementation of advanced technologies. Heavy investments in R&D sector from the major players in this region is also helping the market to grow.
Software Defined Networking Market has been segmented on the basis of component, end user, organization size and vertical. The vertical segment is further bifurcated into BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing, consumer goods and retail, IT and telecommunication, defense and government among others. Out of which, manufacturing sub segment is expected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. This is owing to the rapid adoption of SDN solutions in order to optimize their networks.
Software defined networking is basically transformational technology which enables service providers to create highly programmable networks with the help of workflow automation. It helps in reducing operational costs and also helps in improving overall customer service life cycle. Software defined networking is a way to deal with computer networking that permits network administrators to manage network services through abstraction of lower-level functionality. It helps in overcoming the limitations associated with traditional network infrastructure. SDN plays a vital role in managing the typical networking infrastructure in the organization. This network can be managed by the implementation of customized, automated and virtual network, which can be used for data traffic management and for efficient management of big data. Flexible way of managing and controlling the complex network and efficient data traffic management and is one of the major reasons for the growth of software defined networking market.
The global Software Defined Networking Market is expected to grow at approx. USD 61 Billion by 2023, at 39% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Key Players:
The prominent players in software defined networking market are – Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Hewlett Packard Enterprise (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Intel Corporation (U.S.), Juniper Networks (U.S.), Intersil (U.S.), VMware, Inc. (U.S.), Big Switch Networks (U.S.), Pica8, Inc. (U.S.), Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. (China) among others.
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of software defined networking market is being studied for regions such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market, whereas Asia-Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The major growth in software defined networking market in North America is attributed to technical advancements and increasing use of mobile devices, tablets and smartphones in that region.
Segments:
Software defined networking market can be segmented on the basis of following:
By Component
Solution Software Software Controller Application Software Physical Appliances Router Switches
Services Integration Training & Consulting Support & Maintenance Others
By End User
Cloud Service Provider
Telecommunication Service Provider
Enterprises
By Organization Size
SMEs
Large Enterprises
By Vertical
BFSI
Healthcare
Manufacturing
IT & Telecommunication
Defense & Government
Consumer Goods & Retail
Others
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/software-defined-networking-market-1607
Intended Audience
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
OEM technology solution providers
Cloud Service Providers
Software Developers
System Integrators
Manufacturing Industry
Government organizations
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE
FIGURE 2 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY COMPONENT (%)
FIGURE 3 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY END USER (%)
FIGURE 4 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY ORGANIZATION SIZE (%)
FIGURE 5 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)
FIGURE 6 SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY REGIONS (%)
FIGURE 7 NORTH AMERICA SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY COMPONENT (%)
FIGURE 8 NORTH AMERICA SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY END USER (%)
FIGURE 9 NORTH AMERICA SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY ORGANIZATION SIZE (%)
FIGURE 10 NORTH AMERICA SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)
FIGURE 11 EUROPE SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY COMPONENT (%)
FIGURE 12 EUROPE SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY END USER (%)
FIGURE 13 EUROPE SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY ORGANIZATION SIZE (%)
FIGURE 14 EUROPE SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)
FIGURE 15 ASIA-PACIFIC SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY COMPONENT (%)
FIGURE 16 ASIA-PACIFIC SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING MARKET, BY END USER (%)
Continued…
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Sanjay Dutt is making their much-awaited Bolly comeback with Omung Kumar's Bhoomi. Shoot for the father-daughter revenge drama commenced in Agra today. The excitement surrounding the film is already high as Sanjay Dutt is making their comeback with it after a hiatus of over two years, their last outing being PK, which released in December 2014.
Director Omung Kumar expressed, “Bhoomi is extra special to me because it's Sanjay's comeback film. It will be great to have them back where they belong – in front of the camera.”
Check out some pictures from the shoot right here:
Bhoomi also stars Aditi Rao Hydari, who is playing Sanju Baba's daughter, Shekhar Suman and Sharad Kelkar, who plays the baddie. Producer Sandeep Singh expressed, “This schedule is going to be an emotional one for me. Hats off to Sanjay Dutt for the way they are making this comeback, fighting the odds and coming out as a winner.”
The film, written by Sandeep Singh and produced by Bhushan Kumar and Sandeep Singh under the banners of T-Series and Legend Studios‎ is slated to release on 4th August.
A fundamental barrier to scaling quantum computing machines is "qubit interference." In new research published in Science Advances magazine, engineers and physicists from Rigetti Computing describe a breakthrough that can expand the size of practical quantum processors by reducing interference.
Matt Reagor, lead author of the paper, says: "We've developed a technique that enables us to reduce interference between qubits as we add more and more qubits to a chip, thus retaining the ability to perform logical operations that are independent of the state of a (large) quantum register."
To explain the concept, the Rigetti team employs wine glasses as an analogy to qubits:
Clink a wine glass, and you will hear it ring at its resonant frequency (usually around 400 Hz). Likewise, soundwaves at that frequency will cause the same glass to vibrate. Different shapes or amounts of liquid in a glass will produce different clinks, i.e. different resonance frequencies. A clinked wine glass will cause identical, nearby glasses to vibrate. Glasses that are different shapes are "off-resonant glasses," meaning they will not vibrate much at all.
So, what's the relation between glasses and qubits?
Reagor explains that each physical qubit on a superconducting quantum processor stores energy in the form of an oscillating electric current. "Think of each qubit as a wine glass," they say. "The logical state of a qubit (e.g. "0" or "1") is encoded by the state of its corresponding electric currents. In our analogy, this is equivalent to whether or not a wine glass is vibrating."
A highly successful class of entangling gates for superconducting qubits operate by tuning two or more qubits into resonance with each other. At this tuning point, the "wine glasses" pick up on one another's "vibrations."
This effect can be strong enough to produce significant, conditional vibration changes that can be leveraged as conditional logic. Imagine pouring or siphoning off wine from one of the glasses to make this tuning happen. With qubits, there are tunable circuit elements that fulfill the same purpose.
"As we scale up quantum processors, there are more and more wine glasses to manage when executing a specific conditional logic gate," says Reagor. "Imagine lining up a handful of identical glasses with increasing amounts of wine. Now we want to tune one glass into resonance with another, without disturbing any of the other glasses. To do that, you could try to equalize the wine levels of the glasses. But that transfer needs to be instantaneous to not shake the rest of the glasses along the way. Let's say one glass has a resonance at one frequency (call it 400 Hz) while another, nearby glass has a different one (e.g. 380 Hz). Now, we make use of a somewhat subtle musical effect. We are actually going to fill and deplete one of the glasses repeatedly."
They continue: "We repeat that filling operation at the difference frequency between the glasses (here, 20 times per second, or 20 Hz). By doing so, we create a beat-note for this glass that is exactly resonant with the other. Physicists sometimes call this a parametric process. Our beat-note is "pure" -- it does not have frequency content that interferes with the other glasses. That's what we have demonstrated in our recent work, where we navigated a complex eight-qubit processor with parametric two-qubit gates."
Reagor concludes: "While this analogy may sound somewhat fanciful, its mapping onto our specific technology, from a mathematical standpoint, is surprisingly accurate."
###
Note to editors: The full citation for this paper is: "Demonstration of Universal Parametric Entangling Gates on a Multi-Qubit Lattice, Science Advances
KIEV, Ukraine (AP) - In a story May 29 about a Russian journalist killed in Ukraine, The Associated Press and other media organizations reported, based on fabricated information from Ukrainian authorities, that Arkady Babchenko was shot and killed. Babchenko showed up at a news conference on Wednesday, saying that Ukraine's security services faked their death to thwart a plot on their life.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Russian journalist reported killed in Ukraine shows up alive
Russian journalist reported killed in Ukraine shows up alive, says authorities faked death to thwart plot on their life
KIEV, Ukraine (AP) -A Russian journalist who was reportedly gunned down in Ukraine's capital strolled into a news conference that authorities called Wednesday to discuss the investigation of their death, revealing that the slaying had been staged to foil an alleged Kremlin hit plot.
"I'm still alive," Arkady Babchenko, 41, told startled fellow reporters at the news conference held less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by their wife. Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work.
Babchenko apologized to their wife, who they said was not briefed on the scheme in advance, "for the hell they had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either."
Neither they nor Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made their wife believe they were dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying. They then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," they said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the hit. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organize Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, they said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services. The Ukrainian man was also supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, they said.
Babchenko said they were not allowed to go into the details of the sting operation, but said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on their head for two months. They said they were approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," they said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. They spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against them and their family. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, Ponomarev said Wednesday before the fact that the slaying was staged came out.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuri Lutsenko lashed out Wednesday at Ukrainian politicians and civil groups who accused the government following Babchenko's faked assassination of allowing contract killings to happen.
CHICAGO--Oral micronized progesterone (OMP) may diminish hot flashes and night sweats in perimenopausal women, new research from Canada reports. The results will be presented on Monday, March 19 at ENDO 2018, the 100th annual meeting of the Endocrine Society in Chicago, Ill.
"Almost a quarter of all women today are in perimenopause. They are often working as well as maintaining a home and caring for children and elders. About 20 percent of them will need effective treatment for hot flashes and night sweats to continue to be productive," said lead author Jerilynn C. Prior, M.D., a professor in the Department of Medicine of the Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism at the University of British Columbia, in Vancouver, Canada.
"Hot flashes and night sweats occur in eight of 10 perimenopausal women (who've had a period in the last year)," Prior said. "At present, there is no effective therapy for them. Although not scientifically proven to be effective, women are often prescribed the birth control pill for hot flash symptoms, which may not be safe because women's risks for blood clots and strokes increase with age and weight gain."
The researchers studied OMP taken every night at bedtime to treat perimenopausal vasomotor symptoms (VMS), for three reasons, Prior said: Progesterone is effective for menopausal hot flashes and night sweats; progesterone levels are lower than normal in perimenopause; and progesterone increases deep sleep and doesn't cause blood clots.
Prior and their colleagues randomized 189 women throughout Canada: Over three months, 93 received OMP 300 mg at bedtime and 96 received placebo. Both groups were similar at baseline, and overall, two-thirds of the women had skipped a period and almost all (98 percent) were being awakened twice a week with night sweats.
Self-reported perceived decreases in daytime and nighttime VMS intensity and in night sweats were significantly greater among the women taking OMP than among those on placebo.
By month three, hot flashes and night sweats had decreased in the women in the progesterone group. Although that decrease was not statistically different from placebo, the women taking progesterone experienced a clinically important difference: they perceived that their hot flashes were significantly less intense and that their night sweats were significantly improved, compared with placebo.
Overall, 93 percent of the women completed the study, and the women were very likely to take their study medication (91.4 percent of those on progesterone and 84.4 percent of those on placebo). No increased serious or drug-related side effects were reported.
The Canadian Institutes for Health Research funded the study.
###
Endocrinologists are at the core of solving the most pressing health problems of our time, from diabetes and obesity to infertility, bone health, and hormone-related cancers. The Endocrine Society is the world's oldest and largest organization of scientists devoted to hormone research and physicians who care for people with hormone-related conditions.
Read more articles by
Nick Bond
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
GOLDEN BOY Promotions announced a multi-fight agreement with 2016 Olympian Raúl Curiel Garcia, a dynamite Mexican super-welterweight who previously won the 2015 World Series of Boxing.
“I am extremely proud and excited to belong to a company as important as Golden Boy Promotions, and by the vote of confidence given by Oscar De La Hoya, Eric Gomez and Frank Espinoza, and I will defend with all the colors of the company and with the goal of becoming a world champion,” said Raúl Curiel. “This is a very important step in my personal and boxing life and I promise that I will go forward with the help of all, especially my idol Oscar De La Hoya, and follow in the footsteps of a great sportsman like Canelo Álvarez.”
“Raúl is the type of fighter Golden Boy Promotions is always looking to add to our stable of top talent; they had a stellar amateur career that included taking home the top prize at international competitions, in addition to competing in the 2016 Olympics,” said Oscar De La Hoya, chairperson and CEO of Golden Boy Promotions.
“I really believe Curiel is a future star, one that can follow in the footsteps of countless other Mexican stars. They have the amateur pedigree that I always look for and the star quality that is so hard to find,” said Frank Espinoza. “As a manager that has guided a multitude of other world champions, I feel Raúl could be next in line. I'm very excited about our future together.”
Curiel was born in Ciudad Madero, Tamaulipas México, and began their impressive amateur trajectory at the age of 15. Their home was known as the “boxing house,” with Curiel's brother a retired boxer and their father a well-known trainer who also began boxing at age 15. The “Cugar” made their way to the international boxing scene, securing some of the most prized distinctions including Gold in the AIBA World Championships in 2012, the Gold medal in the 2013 Olympic Cup Championships in Puerto Rico, and Gold in Washington, D.C's Golden Gloves Tournament in 2013.
Curiel's outstanding performance in the 2015 World Series of Boxing secured their spot on Mexico's 2016 Olympic team, where they competed in the men's super-lightweight division in Rio de Janeiro.
Philanthropist and fur executive Mary Kakas, 78, died May 24 at Mass General Hospital.
The cause of death was heart failure, according to their son William Berkeley.
Raised in Boston, Kakas studied at Boston College and went on to work as a model with Maggie Inc., doing regional jobs for Clairol and other companies. Throughout their life, Kakas valued the power of style. During their first marriage to Joseph Berkeley, they put some of those lessons in poise to use, by starting the Mary Berkeley Charm School in Scituate, Mass. After that union ended in divorce in 1975, the following year they married G. Jordan Kakas Jr., whose family had owned Edward F. Kakas & Sons since 1858.
As president of the fur company in the mid-Nineties, they added the title of chief executive officer — a first for the family-owned operation started in 1858. Housed in a four-story Newbury Street building, Kakas Furs was known for its Old World decor with dark wood paneling, antiques, custom-made tables and Oriental rugs. The 16,000-square-foot space included private fitting rooms, a design studio and production.
Kakas once said, “My father-in-law, George Kakas, was my mentor. They were a tough boss, but I earned their respect because of my strong work ethic. They always said, ‘If you love your work, you'll get in early and stay late.' They taught me that there is a kernel of goodness in everyone.”
Straightforward and outgoing, Kakas “was an extraordinary salesperson. If a very difficult customer would try on 27 different coats and would still not be happy, they would say to the customer, ‘Buying a fur coat is supposed to be a happy experience. You're not having much fun. I think you should go down the street, have a cup of tea and a cookie, give it a think and if you want to buy a coat, you should come back and buy a coat. But if you don't want to, that's OK. You should just go home and I appreciate you coming in today,'” their son Joe Berkeley said.
In 1996, when women under 30 — a relatively undeveloped sector for the fur industry at that time — started showing interest in buying fur coats, Kakas adapted by offering more affordable options in the $4,500 range. That age range accounted for 20 percent of the retailer's sales in a span of 12 months, Kakas told WWD at that time. They also increased advertising in local paper and TV to publicize its longest promotion, which stretched from Nov. 15 to Feb. 15. The 16,000-square-foot store wound up amassing $3 million in sales during the fall season.
Born in Boston to Irish parents, Kakas took to sewing their own clothes from mail-order patterns, a practice they kept up when they first became a mother herself. Slim and stylish, Kakas embraced fashion, as well as politics with great interest. On a campaign bus for Barack Obama, they once befriended a young man and unflinchingly offered them support, when they mentioned their own hopes for a political run. Informed afterward that they had been chatting with Joseph Kennedy 3rd, Kakas said with a laugh, “Well, I voted for their grandfather, I'd be happy to vote for him.” their son Joe Berkeley said.
Them Sunday routine included reading five newspapers to be up-to-speed about world events. “At times, people would underestimate her, because they would confuse their flamboyant style with a lack of substance. They would quickly say to them, ‘I have blonde hair, not a blonde brain,'” their son said. “After they spent some time with her, they would realize that they were a very intelligent woman who had both style and substance.”
Even as their health waned, Kakas made an effort with their appearance. “She walked around the hospital in a red and white robe fit for a queen. Some of the doctors said, ‘You look too good to be a sick person. They always did their best to look sharp. They felt if you look good, you feel good,” Joe Berkeley said. “There are some people, where they give up and lose their dignity. They never gave up. They clung to fashion, they clung to hope, they fought for life.”
After receiving last rites from a priest in their hospital room last week, Kakas received their last blowout and makeup touch-up, according to their sons.
A celebration of their life will be held on June 23 at Glastonbury Abbey in Hingham, Mass. In addition to their sons, Kakas is survived by two brothers, Tom and Burt.
Monday. August 14th. Day 207.
Need more? Check out our live-updating Trump channel.
Top Stories ​
White House Scrambles After Trump Fails To Condemn White Supremacists: Vice President Mike Pence insisted Sunday evening that President Trump condemns the white supremacists and neo-Nazis behind the unrest in Charlottesville over the weekend that left one counter-protester dead. On Saturday, Trump condemned violence on "many sides," without targeting the white supremacist alt-right groups that organized this weekend's gatherings. In their remarks, Pence said that Trump was clear in their condemnation and that the media was to blame for spending more time focusing on Trump than the white supremacists themselves.
Sunday evening, Attorney General Jeff Sessions called the car attack resulting in one death "domestic terrorism."
Earlier Sunday, an unnamed spokesperson added to Trump's remarks after Republicans began to criticize the President's response: "The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred. Of course, that includes white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
Merck CEO Quits Presidential Council Over Charlottesville Response: Monday morning, Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier quit President Trump's council on manufacturing citing Trump's lackluster response to the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville: "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal." Trump quickly attacked Frazier, who is African American:
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Top Advisers Turn On Bannon On Sunday TV: On Sunday, national security adviser HR McMaster dodged three of Chuck Todd's questions asking whether or not they could work with Steve Bannon, former Breitbart head turned Trump adviser. The comments came along with criticism from former Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci, who told ABC that Trump needs to "move away" from Bannon, who has ties to the alt-right. Two sources tell CNN that Trump's new Chief of Staff John Kelly has eyes on removing Bannon.
Mattis And Tillerson Say US Is Not Looking For Regime Change In North Korea: Amid rising tensions with North Korea, defense secretary James Mattis and secretary of state Rex Tillerson attempted Monday to diffuse the situation, insisting in a Wall Street Journal op-ed that America's goal in North Korea is denuclearization, not regime change. Last week, tensions between the country reached a fever pitch as President Trump and North Korea traded military threats on an almost daily basis.
Description :
Global Market Insight of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid 2018 offers a comprehensive analysis on Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
This report studies Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid market in Global and major regions from 2012 to 2023, focuses on sales, price, revenue and gross margin of top players, consumption and consumption value of major regions.
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/2747444-global-market-insight-of-automotive-windshield-washer-fluid-2018
Market segments by Region
North America (United States and Canada)
Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain, Russia, etc.)
Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Southeast Asia, Australia, etc.)
Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, etc.)
Middle East, Africa and Rest (South Africa, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, etc.)
Market segments by Types
Ready to Use Fluid
Concentrated Fluid
Market segments by Applications
Passenger Vehicle
Commercial Vehicle
Market segments by Player
ITW
3M
SPLASH
Reccochem
ACDelco
Prestone
Soft 99
Bluestar
Sonax
Turtle Wax
Camco
Chief
PEAK
Botny
TEEC
Japan Chemical
Tetrosyl
Prostaff
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/2747444-global-market-insight-of-automotive-windshield-washer-fluid-2018
Table Of Content
1 Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid Product Overview
1.1 Product Introduction
1.2 Industrial Chain Analysis
1.2.1 Upstream Raw Materials Analysis
1.2.2 Major Product Comparison Analysis
1.2.3 Downstream Users Analysis
2 Global Market Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
2.1 Global Market Profile of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
2.2 Global Consumption Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Regions 2012-2017
2.3 Global Consumption Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Regions 2018-2023
2.4 Global Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Regions 2012-2017
2.5 Global Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Regions 2018-2023
3 North America Market Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
3.1 North America Market Profile of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
3.2 North America Consumption Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
3.3 North America Consumption Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
3.4 North America Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
3.5 North America Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
4 Europe Market Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
4.1 Europe Market Profile of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
4.2 Europe Consumption Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
4.3 Europe Consumption Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
4.4 Europe Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
4.5 Europe Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
5 Asia-Pacific Market Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
5.1 Asia-Pacific Market Profile of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
5.2 Asia-Pacific Consumption Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
5.3 Asia-Pacific Consumption Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
5.4 Asia-Pacific Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
5.5 Asia-Pacific Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
6 Latin America Market Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
6.1 Latin America Market Profile of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
6.2 Latin America Consumption Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
6.3 Latin America Consumption Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
6.4 Latin America Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
6.5 Latin America Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
7 Middle East, Africa and Rest Market Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
7.1 Middle East, Africa and Rest Market Profile of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid
7.2 Middle East, Africa and Rest Consumption Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
7.3 Middle East, Africa and Rest Consumption Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
7.4 Middle East, Africa and Rest Consumption Value Analysis of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2012-2017
7.5 Middle East, Africa and Rest Consumption Value Forecast of Automotive Windshield Washer Fluid by Country 2018-2023
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
Wisconsin State Journal: Wisconsin could land ‘major, incredible manufacturer' soon, Donald Trump says
President Donald Trump announced Tuesday during a visit to Wisconsin that they and Gov. Scott Walker were negotiating to bring a “major, incredible manufacturer” to the state.
Trump's second visit to the state this year was to promote apprenticeships and attend a $1,000-per-ticket fundraiser that Walker billed as “one of the biggest events we've ever had for a statewide elected official.”
During a panel discussion with Walker, cabinet secretaries, students and CEOs, Trump mentioned that they and Walker were negotiating with the manufacturer behind the scenes.
“We have a lot of companies moving into the United States and we are negotiating with a lot of companies,” Trump said. “I think they're going to give the governor a very happy surprise very soon.”
It wasn't immediately clear to which company Trump was referring, but Walker recently traveled to Japan for a trade mission. Trump said the company made phones, computers and televisions.
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: Rockwell and Manpower team up to train new generation of digital-age manufacturing workers
The next generation of digital-age manufacturing workers will need to be tech-savvy and able to sync with artificial intelligence.
Such workers are deemed essential for any industrial economy that wants to be competitive, including manufacturing-heavy Wisconsin.
And they are in woefully short supply.
ManpowerGroup Inc., a global staffing firm, and Rockwell Automation Inc., which supplies tech-driven industrial productivity systems, on Tuesday announced they are collaborating to train what they call a new breed of “advanced digital manufacturing” workers.
The two Milwaukee-based companies promise to focus on U.S. military veterans who are re-entering the civilian workforce. Rockwell and Manpower are ramping up a joint training program and aim to “upskill” 1,000 workers each year, starting next year and continuing into the foreseeable future, Manpower said.
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: Wisconsin continues to lose out under Republicans' Obamacare repeal legislation
States like Wisconsin that didn't fully expand their health programs under Obamacare would still miss out on billions of dollars under a proposed Republican repeal of the federal law, an industry report has found.
In a bit of political irony, mostly GOP-led states that didn't join the Obamacare party would get little in the way of credit — even from Republicans in Congress who are promoting a repeal bill.
“It locks in a massive (health care) funding disparity between expansion and non-expansion states,” said Eric Borgerding, chief executive officer of the Wisconsin Hospital Association. “It's really sort of astounding that you have states that rejected Obamacare and now in the bill they're being penalized for rejecting it.”
Eliminating the funding gap for the 19 non-expansion states including Wisconsin is a top priority for the state's Republicans such as Gov. Scott Walker and GOP lawmakers. But the bill in Congress doesn't do that, in spite of the number of prominent Republicans that Wisconsin has sent to Washington, D.C., including House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus.
After starting the season with two wins and a draw, from three competitive games, Tuffley Rovers are in action again on Tuesday evening, when they host Highworth Town in their next Hellenic League Premier Division fixture, writes Neil Spiller.
Following a creditable 10th place finish in 2016/17, Rovers manager, Mark Pritchett, has set their sights on an improved finish this term and after earning a hard-fought point on the opening day against Fairford Town, Shayne Bradley's goal proved enough to see off Windsor FC on Saturday.
Tuesday's opponents, Highworth, have started the season well, progressing in the FA Cup after a replay win at London Colney and recording consecutive league victories over Lydney Town and Burnham, meaning one of the division's form teams arrive at Glevum Park this week and Pritchett is expecting a tough game.
"We weren't in great form on Saturday, but we dug deep to claim the three points and I was really pleased that we kept a clean sheet, after we're conceding a lot of goals during pre-season," said Pritchett.
"Highworth will be another tough game for us as they've managed to strengthen their side this year and have started the season well, scoring a lot of goals.
"Although we did the double over them last year, I actually thought they were one of the best sides in the league and should have finished higher than they did."
The Rovers boss is missing a few players for the midweek visit of the side from The Elms, with Ashley Davies and Liam Wright still suspended, while Ben Tunnicliff and Alex O'Leary are injury concerns.
One player who has earned Pritchett's praise is veteran Bradley, whose 86th minute winner against Windsor settled that match in Rovers' favour.
"I was really pleased for Shayne on Saturday," Pritchett said. "To come off the bench and score the winner, when he's been struggling a bit with a niggling injury, was fantastic."
The game with Highworth Town will be a 7:45pm kick-off on Tuesday evening. Admission is £5 (£3 concessions) and U16s get free entry.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HAZLETON -- Two men are under arrest after cops say shots were fired in Hazleton.
Milton Montero and Danny Vargas are behind bars after police say they were called to reports of shots fired near a nightclub on East Diamond Avenue around 5:30 a.m. Sunday.
Montero was found in a shot-up vehicle and officers say they found an illegal handgun.
A little while later, officers stopped a vehicle suspected of being involved in the gunfire, and arrested Vargas for a stolen handgun.
Both men are locked up in the Luzerne County Jail on $25,000 bail.
DESIGNER SIDELINES: While some advertisers will be forking over $5 million for 30-second Super Bowl commercials, Vera Wang will be getting some air time for free.
The Philadelphia Eagles' cheerleaders will be rallying for Nick Foles and the rest of the team wearing uniforms created by the New York designer. In 2003, Wang became the first big-name designer to suit up a NFL cheerleading squad. No slouch in the athletic department, Wang themselves was a competitive skater before they segued into fashion. Through the years, Wang has suited up all sorts of elite athletes — Nancy Kerrigan, Michelle Kwan and Evan Lysacek among them. At this month's Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, the undefeated U.S. figure skater Nathan Chen will hit the ice wearing costumes designed by Wang. “I have always been an athlete, a supporter of so many disciplines, a true fan, and very proud and humbled by having dressed so many athletes in competition and for many of their weddings and red carpet moments!‎” they said.
Considering 111 million tuned in for last year's Super Bowl, Wang's uniforms are set to be seen worldwide. “Whenever one designs for athletes, or performers, being viewed from 360-degree angles becomes imperative. But TV adds a whole other issue and in many ways it is like designing for a fashion show, which is also a major production,” they said.
On Game Day, the Eagles' cheerleaders may wear their green, black and white satin jackets, zip-front jackets and leggings to keep their muscles limber before the 6:30 p.m. kickoff at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. By the time the Super Bowl XXVI coin toss is decided, the pom-pom carrying crew will peel off any extra layers to rev up the Eagles fans wearing their tri-colored bra tops and V-waisted boy shorts. Wang said, “I know that my own years of training on ice and off, made me painfully aware of the need for comfort, ease, and stretch. Weight also becomes a factor when one has to perform for an extended period of time and a wide range of motion….Each sport is different and technical but for me all factors have to be taken into consideration.”
The Eagles-Patriots showdown will have other fashion elements, namely Tom Brady's number-one fan Gisele Bündchen, their fellow Patriot Danny Amendola's girlfriend Olivia Culpo and Stella McCartney-clad halftime performer Justin Timberlake. Christina Weiss Lurie, president of the Eagles Youth Partnership and Eagles Social Responsibility, recruited their friend Wang to do the honors. That meant two sets of uniforms, which not only had to reflect the brand, but the players, and the vast change in climates, (indoors and out, Northern and Southern locations etc.),” Wang said. “As usual, nothing is as simple as it might seem, but comfort, flexibility and allowances for all body types was equally important.”
Planning a film in lieu of a New York Fashion Week runway show, the designer won't be in Sunday's 65,000-person crowd. As for the are-cheerleaders-athletes debate, Wang said, “I didn't know there was a debate. I think cheerleading is a high-intensity activity and requires a certain level of fitness. At the high school and university levels, the competitions are intense! For the Super Bowl, it is also a truly American celebration of a truly American sport.”
Before appearing on ABC's “Good Morning America” and other pre-game photo-ops, the troupe made a pass by the Mall of America to take a spin on the shopping center's Nickelodeon-made “Blue's Clues” amusement ride. That may have been another kind of warm-up considering Wang's own prediction. They said, “Sunday will be a very exciting and crazy roller-coaster ride night.”
Clemson OC Tony Elliott talks spring game, QBs
Clemson football OC Tony Elliott previewed the spring game and talked quarterbacks on Wednesday.
Several area hospitals Friday explored how they would deal with a large-scale flu outbreak.
The flu pandemic exercise was meant to help local hospitals develop an assessment and response to any potential break-out.
Joplin's Mercy and Freeman Hospitals conducted separate exercises and surrounding facilities participated.
"We've got all of our clinics working on it, our hospitals, we have eleven different hospitals in this scenario, eleven county health departments are working with us so it's a big community exercise", said Freeman Health and Safety Officer Skip Harper. "Every day these events could happen", they said. "Tomorrow could be a flu outbreak where there is no vaccine so we know the proper equipment to use. We know how to do isolation and quarantine routines but no matter what happens to your health care, Freeman always has to be here."
Hospital officials participating in the exercise discussed a plan for a pandemic that would put the hospitals at maximum capacity.
"People don't think things will happen to them," said Harper. "We all thought that in Joplin when the tornado hit and we were well prepared for that. We have to be prepared for any hazard that comes up. We just always have to be prepared because the hospital doesn't shut down."
Prime flu season will arrive soon in the area, and hospital officials urge individuals to take their own precautions.
Freeman recommends that everyone age six months and older get a flu vaccination.
× Firefighters Disapprove of Plans to Close Hose Company
PLYMOUTH — A fire company that's been around for more than 125 years is being forced to close at the start of the new year.
Borough council members in Plymouth decided to cut funding from the fire company and instead, invest more money to hire police officers.
Firefighters say they're devastated by the borough's decision because they thought council members could find a way to save Good Will Hose Company #2.
Fire company to close at start of new year
Good Will Hose Company #2 has been a staple in Plymouth for more than 125 years but come January 1, it will be no more. Firefighters worry its closing could put lives at risk.
“You're going to have a volunteer coming from their house. They're going to have to clean snow off their car, roads are going to be messy, response times are going to be very, very slow,” said Scott Martin, Luzerne County Professional Firefighters Union.
Borough council members voted to shut down the Good Will Hose Company and increase spending to hire more police officers.
Fire Chief Josh Evans defended the company by saying this to elected officials.
“We pay for the equipment. We pay for the training and all the equipment on the fire trucks. We just invested $30,000 last year to put all LED lighting on the trucks. We did that, not the borough,” Chief Evans said.
Members of the firefighters union say one paid full-time firefighter and 10 other part-timers at Good Will Hose Company were laid off because of this decision. Now, union members say more volunteers need to step up to replace them.
“Fire doubles in size just about almost every minute. When it comes down to it, time counts, time matters,” Martin said.
This is one of three fire companies in Plymouth. The other two will stay open.
By FRED GOODALL, AP Sports Writer
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Tom Brady tied the NFL record for regular season wins with some timely help from a porous New England defense showing signs of improvement.
Brady threw for 303 yards and one touchdown, and the Patriots held off the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 19-14 to rebound from a last-second loss that left them searching for answers to defensive woes.
The Super Bowl champions rebounded from a 33-30 loss to Carolina, despite Brady turning the ball over twice — on their first interception in eight regular-season games and a fumble on one of Tampa Bay's three sacks.
On a night when the offense gained 402 yards but only got in the end zone once, Brady lauded the defense, which slowed the Bucs down just enough to get the victory.
“They kept us in it all night,” Brady said. “I wish we could have scored more points offensively, but defense really held their own.”
Neither of Brady's turnovers led to points for the Bucs (2-2), who were been unable to do much offensively until the fourth quarter, when their comeback bid was hindered by two missed field goals.
“We responded,” Patriots coach Bill Belichick said after the defense, which yielded 456 yards and 32 points per game through the first four weeks of the season, contained the NFL's No. 3 ranked passing attack until Jameis Winston rallied their team in the final 15 minutes.
“They had 100 yards in the first half. They moved the ball some. We made some plays. They made some plays,” Belichick added. “(Giving up) a lot fewer points, you got a chance to win.”
Brady threw a 5-yard TD pass to Chris Hogan in the second quarter, and Stephen Gostkowski kicked field goals of 27, 23, 45 and 48 yards for the Patriots (3-2).
Jameis Winston rallied Tampa Bay late with an 18-yard TD pass to Cameron Brate that trimmed New England's lead to 16-14 with 2:09 remaining.
After Gostkowski's fourth goal put the Patriots up by five, Winston marched the Bucs from their 25 to the Patriots 19 before throwing an incompletion on the final play.
It might not have come down to a last-minute drive if not for another poor performance by Tampa Bay's Nick Folk.
The veteran kicker missed two field goals and an extra-point before beating the New York Giants on a last-second kick last week. They missed three more field goals Thursday night, including a 31-yarder in the fourth quarter that would have cut a nine-point deficit to six with just under six minutes to go.
“I left points out there,” said Folk, who also misfired from 56 yards just before halftime and 49 yards on the second play of the fourth quarter. “We should have won the game 20-19, so this one's on me.”
With their 186th career regular-season win as a starter, Brady tied Brett Favre and Peyton Manning for the most by a quarterback in NFL history. They also have 25 postseason victories, including five Super Bowls.
Playing without injured star tight end Rob Gronkowski (thigh), Brady was 30 of 40 passing with one interception. Danny Amendola had eight catches for 77 yards and Hogan had eight for 74 yards.
Defensively, the Patriots entered the night on pace to yield more than yards than any team in league history.
And, Winston and a young Tampa Bay offense that's progressively gotten better since they were selected first overall in the 2015 draft was hoping to be the latest beneficiary of New England's struggles.
Running back Doug Martin provided a lift in their return from a suspension for violating the NFL's policy on performance enhancers with 74 yards rushing and one TD.
But one week after throwing for 332 yards and three touchdowns without an interception and overcoming a pair of fourth-quarter deficits to beat the Giants, Winston was unable to move the ball consistently until the fourth quarter.
The Bucs didn't have a third-down conversion until late in the third quarter, and Martin's 1-yard TD came on a drive the Patriots kept alive with a hands-to-the-face penalty on third down.
Winston threw for 225 yards in the fourth quarter, finishing 26 of 45 with 334 yards and zero interceptions. DeSean Jackson had five receptions for 106 yards.
“You can't play them over again,” Bucs coach Dirk Koetter said. “We let this one slip away. It was a good opportunity.”
STREAK ENDS
Brady opened the game with four straight completions before throwing their first interception of the season, overthrowing a wide-open Hogan in the middle of the field to end a streak of 264 pass attempts without an interception.
BOUNCING BACK
Since 2003, New England is 44-6 in regular-season games following a loss. The Patriots have dropped back-to-back games only six times during that time span — in 2006, 2009, 2011, 2012 and twice in 2015. As a starter, Brady is 44-10 in games following a loss.
RING OF HONOR
The Buccaneers honored Malcolm Glazer at halftime, inducting the late owner into the Ring of Honor at Raymond James Stadium.
Glazer, whose family still runs the team, died in 2014 at the age of 85. They purchased the franchise in 1995 for a then-record $192 million.
The late owner joins Hall of Famers Lee Roy Selmon, Warren Sapp and Derrick Brooks, as well as former coach John McKay, Doug Williams, Jimmie Giles, Mike Alstott, John Lynch and Paul Gruber inductees. Former coach Jon Gruden, who led the Bucs to their only Super Bowl title after being acquired in a trade Glazer approved 15 years ago, will be inducted on Dec. 18.
INJURIES
Patriots: Gronkowski was added the injury report after Wednesday's practice, listed as questionable. … The Patriots did not report any injuries during the game.
Buccaneers: Played with three defensive starters — LBs Lavonte David (ankle) and Kwon Alexander (hamstring), and S Keith Tandy (hip). Tandy's backup T.J. Ward (hip) was inactive, too. … DB Josh Robinson left the game in the first half with a concussion. … DE Ryan Russell injured their shoulder in the second quarter and did not return.
UP NEXT
Patriots: At New York Jets on Oct. 15
Buccaneers: Begin stretch in which they'll play six of eight games on the road, visiting Arizona on Oct. 15.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Police believe residents and businesses in North Tyneside may have been targeted by yobs firing ball bearings using catapults.
Officers have appealed for witnesses after a spate of criminal damages in Killingworth and Longbenton.
A dozen incidents of damage to windows were reported late in the evening on Wednesday (October 4) and Thursday (October 5).
Police are linking at least one of the incidents on the Great Lime Road with a dark-coloured saloon car, which was seen in the area at the time of the offence. Officers believe those responsible have been using a catapult, as large steel ball bearings have been recovered nearby.
Neighbourhood beat manager PC Mark Clements said: “There's a police operation ongoing in order to identify those responsible for these offences.
“We want to deal with this problem quickly before someone gets hurt. Using a catapult is a reckless act and could easily result in serious injury to people, as well as causing damage to property.
“I'd urge anyone with information about these offences, or anyone who knows the occupants of this vehicle to contact us know as soon as possible."
Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting reference 293 of 05/10/17.
A quaint Virginia college town still wrestling with the legacy of slavery became the scene of deadly protests this weekend as white nationalists and other right-wing groups clashed with counterprotesters over the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a city park.
Men carrying Confederate flags stood side by side with the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and rifle-toting militia members in Charlottesville at a rally dubbed "Unite the Right." Chanting "You will not replace us," they exchanged blows and volleys of pepper spray with protesters opposed to their presence.
As police dispersed the crowds, a car plowed into counterprotesters, killing one person and injuring 19 others. At least 15 people were also injured in skirmishes.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and called in the National Guard. The Southern Poverty Law Center described the event as possibly the "largest hate-gathering of its kind in decades."
But who are white nationalists and what do they want?
What is white nationalism?
The term white nationalism originated as a euphemism for white supremacy, the belief that white people are superior to all other races and should therefore dominate society, according to Oren Segal, director of the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism.
People who hold these beliefs sometimes go by other names, including Alt-Right, Identarians and race realists. However, this is simply a rebranding -- "a new name for this old hatred," Segal said.
Richard Spencer, president of the National Policy Institute and the editor of Radix Journal, is credited with coining the term Alt-Right.
"I don't use the term white nationalist to describe myself," they said.
"I like the term Alt-Right. It has an openness to it. And immediately understandable. We're coming from a new perspective."
Why white nationalists are drawn to Charlottesville
Other white supremacist groups include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis. But most white supremacists aren't affiliated with an organized group, Segal said. Some also take measures to distance themselves from known hate groups, like the KKK.
"This lack of affiliation makes them harder to track, and also means that any groups that do emerge tend to be extremely flexible and porous," they added.
Some Klansmen still favor white robes and hoods. But groups like the Alt-Right, overwhelmingly made up of Millennial men, prefer khakis and collared shirts. They're active on social media and employ irony and humor in their messaging, Segal said.
But the goal is the same: a white ethno-state where each race lives in a separate nation.
White supremacists and their ilk see diversity as a threat, Segal said. A popular white supremacist slogan is, "Diversity is a code word for white genocide."
George Hawley, a political scientist at the University of Alabama, said a sense of white victimhood is key to the movement.
"There is a sense that whites are under siege and being deliberately dispossessed by hostile elites who wish to usher in a new multicultural order," Hawley said.
"They dislike the culturally-foreign immigrants who enter the United States and work for low wages, and they dislike the political and economic elites that invite them in. They are also hostile to the media and academia, which they contend push an anti-white message."
What would a white nationalist US look like?
You're getting a glimpse of it right now, according to Daryl Johnson, owner of domestic terror monitoring group DT Analytics and a former counterterrorism expert at the Department of Homeland Security.
"The anti-immigration xenophobia is rising," Johnson said. "US policy is becoming more isolationist -- the building of the (border) wall, the travel ban, mass deportations. These were ideas that I read about 10, 15 years ago on white supremacist message boards. Now they're being put forth as policy."
Johnson recounted a chilling chapter from "The Turner Diaries," a fictional account of a white supremacist guerrilla army that has been called the "bible of the racist right."
The chapter is titled, "The Day of the Rope" and describes mass lynchings of thousands of "race traitors."
"The 'Turner Diaries' laid out a vision of the US under white supremacist government," they said. "People would walk outside and literally see for as far as they could see people hanging from street lights in nooses."
Heidi Beirich, director of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups and extremists, said some white supremacists advocate genocide and ethnic cleansing. "You would have to forcibly remove people," they said. "This is cattle-cart stuff. It also shows that their plans aren't very well thought out. They're at best aspirational."
Instead, Beirich envisioned a tyrannical government.
"All civil rights for nonwhites would be removed," they said. "All political power would be in the hands of white people, in particular white men because this movement is an extremely male and, many would say, toxically masculine movement. They also have pretty retrograde views about what women should be doing."
They added, "If anything, their vision of America's future looks a lot like the 1600s or perhaps earlier."
Experts agree that the possibility of such a society developing in reality is extremely remote. "Real political leadership is so far from reality you aren't going to find much in the way of Alt-Right policy papers with detailed instructions for different government agencies," Hawley said.
Segal called it a "dystopian fantasy that has virtually no chance of actually happening."
"But it's safe to say that a white nationalist state is not a place most Americans of all races would want to find themselves living."
How much of a threat do these groups pose?
Because few white supremacists belong to organized groups, it's difficult to assess the size of their movement and the threat they pose.
The Alt-Right, for example, has no formal organization or membership, and most who identify as such are "anonymous and online," according to Hawley.
But Segal said the Alt-Right appears to be growing, with more adherents moving from a largely online presence to engaging in events like the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville.
"They want to take advantage of the current political climate, which they feel is unprecedentedly welcoming to their world view," Segal said. "The outcome of the Charlottesville rally and other events this year will provide them a pretty clear idea of just how welcome their views actually are -- and will undoubtedly help shape their plans for the coming months."
Johnson placed the number of white supremacists connected to groups like the KKK, neo-Nazis, Aryan prison gangs and skinheads "probably in the hundreds of thousands in the United States."
The Southern Poverty Law Center counts more than 900 hate groups in the US, compared to about 600 in 2000, Beirich said. However, not all of them are white supremacist groups.
Many "Unite the Right" rally participants have latched onto President Donald Trump's controversial comments about Muslims and Mexicans, according to Beirich.
"They feel validated," they said. "They feel like all of a sudden we can be a part of the political system. The history of the last few decades of white supremacy in this country is that they viewed both the Republicans and the Democrats as a waste of time. In other words, politics was a dead end for them. But that has all changed with Trump."
Before Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke called the "Unite the Right" rally a fulfillment of the promises of President Trump.
"This represents a turning point for the people of this country," Duke said at the rally. "We are determined to take our country back. We're going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump, and that's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because they said he's going to take our country back and that's what we have to do."
Trump, who condemned Saturday's violence, has sought to distance themselves from Duke and white supremacist groups.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides," Trump said on Saturday.
However, their comment sparked outrage from critics, who said the President should have been more direct and forceful in condemning white supremacy and not equating the violence of counterprotesters with that of hate groups.
Beirich said the far right has inspired violence across the nation, including the fatal stabbing in May of two men who defended a 16-year-old and their Muslim friend in Portland, Oregon, the stabbing death of a young black student that same month at the University of Maryland, and the racially-motivated stabbing death of a 66-year-old black man in New York in March.
"When we took a look at lone wolf attacks inspired by radical right ideas in the last five years of the Obama administration, there was an attack or attempted plot every 34 days in the US," they said.
ADL research found that people with ties to the far right were responsible for 74% of homicides by extremists in the US between 2007 to 2016, according to Segal.
"Extremists of all kinds are always a threat," they said, "but when any extremist group feels emboldened, that's cause for serious concern."
A group of Empire Resources shareholders have moved to overturn the board of the Kalgoorlie gold miner.
It comes amid operational issues at Empire's Penny's Find joint venture 50km north of Kalgoorlie-Boulder.
Empire owns 60 per cent of the operation, which has been mined as a small open-pit since late last year.
But the ASX-listed gold producer says business people associated with its private 40 per cent joint venture partner, Brimstone Resources, are involved with companies which are among 12 shareholders requisitioning the board spill.
Empire said in a statement to the stock exchange that it was still waiting on $1.1 million in payments and interest from Brimstone to fund development costs at Penny's Find, which it is hoping to eventually take underground.
Payment is expected before June 6, when the open-cut is planned to be complete, according to Empire.
The protesting parties, who represent more than 5 per cent of Empire's issued shares, are seeking to remove managing director David Sargeant and executive directors Adrian Jessup and Lee Christensen and replace them with a group including former Doray Minerals chairperson Brett Fraser, Christopher Banasik and Stephen Allen.
Empire's mining efforts at Penny's Find have been overshadowed by its corporate affairs during the past five months, with the company twice negotiating a delay to its debt repayments and engaged in a dispute over payments from former milling contractor Maximus Resources.
Empire Resources shares were last traded at 1.4¢.
Tim Weah, a midfielder who turned 18 on Feb. 22, made their senior-level club debut for Paris Saint-Germain as a second-half substitute at Troyes on March 3 and got in late again against Metz a week later.
CHICAGO (AP) — Tim Weah, a son of former world player of the year and current Liberia president George Weah, is among seven players who could make their U.S. Soccer debuts in an exhibition against Paraguay on March 27 at Cary, North Carolina.
Weah, a midfielder who turned 18 on Feb. 22, made their senior-level club debut for Paris Saint-Germain as a second-half substitute at Troyes on March 3 and got in late again against Metz a week later. They had a hat trick for the U.S. against Paraguay last October in the second round of the Under-17 World Cup. George Weah was FIFA Player of the Year in 1995 and became Liberia's president in January.
“He's playing for a high-profile club who has seen fit to give them first-team minutes, which is a great sign of their progression,” U.S. interim coach Dave Sarachan said. “He's a versatile player than can fit in at a couple different positions, and when you have speed and technical ability combined as a young kid, I think he's an interesting prospect to offer an opportunity to.”
Six others with no previous national team experience were on the 22-man roster announced Sunday: goalkeeper Alex Bono; defenders Shaq Moore, Erik Palmer-Brown and Antonee Robinson; midfielder Marky Delgado; forward Andrija Novakovich.
Four have appeared just once for the U.S.: goalkeeper Zack Steffen, defender Cameron Carter-Vickers and midfielders Weston McKennie and Kenny Saief.
Saief made their debut last July in an exhibition ahead of the CONCACAF Gold Cup and then got hurt and did not play in a club match until late November.
The only players selected with extensive international experience were defenders DeAndre Yedlin and Jorge Villafana, midfielder Darlington Nagbe and forward Bobby Wood.
Kekuta Manneh, a winger now with Mexican club Pachuca after playing in MLS for Vancouver and Columbus, was added to the roster on Monday.
Star midfielder Christian Pulisic was left off the roster so they could remain with Borussia Dortmund ahead of a Bundesliga match against first-place Bayern Munich on March 31.
The roster's average age is 23 years, 84 days. Moore, Novakovich, Palmer-Brown, Robinson and Weah will be attending their first national team camp.
Forward Aron Johannsson was to have been on the roster but was a late cut because of a leg injury. Johannsson, who last played for the U.S. on Sept. 8, 2015, against Brazil, has played in nine games since the start of January for Werder Bremen and scored against Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup and Borussia Moenchengladbach in the Bundesliga.
Sarachan has led the U.S. since Bruce Arena quit as coach in October after the Americans failed to qualify for the World Cup, ending a streak of seven straight appearances. The U.S. tied 1-1 at Portugal in November and 0-0 at home against Bosnia-Herzegovina in January.
The U.S. also has exhibitions against Bolivia on May 28 at Chester, Pennsylvania, and against Ireland in Dublin on June 2 and versus France at Lyon on June 9.
New U.S. Soccer Federation president Carlos Cordeiro says a general manager of the men's team will be hired and lead the search for a coach. It is not clear whether the search will be delayed until after the World Cup, which runs from June 14 to July 15.
The roster:
Goalkeepers: Alex Bono (Toronto FC), Bill Hamid (Midtjylland, Denmark), Zack Steffen (Columbus Crew)
Defenders: Cameron Carter-Vickers (Ipswich Town, England), Eric Lichaj (Nottingham Forest, England), Matt Miazga (Vitesse, Netherlands), Shaq Moore (Levante, Spain), Erik Palmer-Brown (Kortrijk, Belgium), Antonee Robinson (Bolton, England), Jorge Villafana (Santos Laguna, Mexico), DeAndre Yedlin (Newcastle, England)
Midfielders: Tyler Adams (New York Red Bulls), Marky Delgado (Toronto), Kekuta Manneh (Pachuca, Mexico) Weston McKennie (Schalke, Germany), Darlington Nagbe (Atlanta), Cristian Roldan (Seattle), Kenny Saief (Anderlecht, Belgium), Wil Trapp (Columbus), Tim Weah (Paris Saint-Germain, France)
Forwards: Andrija Novakovich (Telstar, Netherlands), Rubio Rubin (Tijuana, Mexico), Bobby Wood (Hamburg, Germany)
Staff writer Jonathan Tannenwald contributed to this report.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
How do you make a movie about stagnation? A movie that doesn't just tell you a story about someone wasting away, but that seems to embody a state of physical and moral decay for nearly two hours?
It may not sound like a glowing recommendation, but Lucrecia Martel has made such a movie with Zama, their feverishly brilliant adaptation of Antonio di Benedetto's 1956 novel of the same title. This is one of the most atmospheric and transporting films I've seen all year, and also one of the best.
Di Benedetto's novel tells the tragicomic story of Don Diego de Zama, an official of the Spanish crown stationed at a remote outpost along the Paraguay River. They were born in the New World but serves the Old, an empire in which they have never once set foot.
The year is 1790, and Zama, bored, frustrated and separated from their wife and children, hopes for a transfer to Buenos Aires, where he's certain they will find greater purpose and prosperity. The book, narrated by Zama himself, is a bitterly ironic account of pride, pettiness and self-pity, a devastating critique of European colonialism from the inside.
Zama the movie is remarkably faithful to the book's spirit. Played in a superbly weary, bone-dry performance by Daniel Giménez Cacho, Don Diego de Zama is very much a figure of mockery, but their slowly dawning awareness of their own futility is not without a certain pathos.
In the opening shot, we see them standing alone on a beach, wearing a sword and a tricorn hat, and striking a ridiculous, would-be heroic pose. The rest of the movie will slowly lay waste to their delusions of grandeur.
The first half plays like a comedy of bureaucratic errors by way of Samuel Beckett, as Zama repeatedly pleads with their superior to write a letter to the king and obtain approval of their transfer. Apart from their occasional duties as a magistrate, Zama mostly just waits and waits, and every scene seems to compound the indignity of their existence.
 They are forever being ignored by their superiors, thwarted by their colleagues and rebuffed by a noblewoman, Luciana, whom they hopelessly lust after. She's played by Lola Dueñas, known for their work with Pedro Almodóvar, who is credited as one of the film's producers.
No one, however, is likely to mistake Zama for an Almodóvar movie. Martel has little use for straightforward narrative. Them style is immersive yet disorienting: Rather than neatly sorting out the characters' relationships or cutting from one plot point to the next, they create a highly specific, intricate world that demands and rewards your close attention.
Surrender to this movie and you might find yourself held rapt by the sheer intensity of Martel's filmmaking. Them sensuous camerawork and wild, teeming sound design, alive with the noises of buzzing insects and screeching birds, conjure an air of stifling humidity. The physical world here is palpably present, and completely indifferent to men like Zama and their arrogant attempts to tame it into submission.
Martel's previous films, which include The Holy Girl and The Headless Woman, have been sly satires of bourgeois privilege, and their sense of class rage makes them a natural fit for di Benedetto's anti-imperialist takedown. Whereas so many screen adaptations of first-person narratives tend to lose their focus, Martel ingeniously forges their own point of view.
They don't just march Zama through a series of humiliations. They strategically undermine their position in every shot, often placing them off to the side or dwarfing them visually. Barely a scene goes by in which we aren't made aware of the indigenous slaves employed by Zama and their cohorts, going about their business in the background or foreground, looking on in judgmental silence.
These visual strategies may seem odd at first, but they have a real sense of purpose. In refusing to make Zama the center of the frame, the movie reminds us that this man, whatever they may think, is not the hero of their own story.
That becomes increasingly apparent in the movie's second half, as the desperate and disenfranchised Zama ventures into the swampy wilderness, joining a dangerous mission to capture an enemy of the empire.
The story ends as it must, in a whirlwind of violence, and Martel's precisely controlled imagery turns rapturous, almost in spite of itself. It's a terrifying vision worthy of Werner Herzog and Joseph Conrad. The grand dream of human conquest becomes a nightmarish descent into madness.
Pink is battling the flu ahead of their Super Bowl performance.
The 38-year-old singer is set to sing the American national anthem, which will be televised live before the game kicks off, on Sunday (04.02.18) at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis but is struggling to recover from the flu.
Pink blamed their children, Willow, six and Jameson, 13 months, for making them sick.
They shared a picture of themselves rehearsing on Instagram and wrote: "Trying to practice the flu away. I've been waiting to sing this song since 1991 when I saw my idol, Whitney Houston, own this song. And now, my chance has finally come. And it just so happens that this chance comes when I have two small Petri dish kids who literally cough INTO MY MOUTH and rub their snot on my cheek. You can't write this stuff I swear!
"And here we are. I've arrived at another one of my dreams which is slowly becoming a sort of nightmare. I will tell you, this is one of the biggest honors of my life, singing this song in front of my family, my military family, my dad and brother and step mama and family and the world. And the EAGLES!?!?! I promise I will do my best, as I always do. As far as the gremlins that got me into this mess, you can cough at me for the rest of your lives. If it's a contest, babies, you win. #spreadthelove #spreadthegerms #pleasegivememyvoiceback #ificansingimgonnakillit (sic)."
The national anthem has previously been sung at the Super Bowl by the likes of Lady Gaga, Idina Menzel, Alicia Keys, Billy Joel, Diana Ross, Neil Diamond, Whitney Houston, Luther Vandross, Cher, Faith Hill, Mariah Carey, BeyoncÃ© and Christina Aguilera.
THE FAST AND THE COURTEOUS If Your Hand Is Ever Stuck In A Toilet, You Better Hope This Fire Department Is On Call
We're almost afraid to ask what they were doing before they got their hand stuck there.
I first met Stephen Hawking in March 2003, when the most famous scientist in the world visited Texas. For a young science reporter at the Houston Chronicle, an invitation to interview Hawking during a stop in College Station rated as a real coup.
Reporters never like to submit their questions to a subject in advance; indeed it is something I often refuse to do. However, with Hawking and their limited ability to communicate, this was a prerequisite. As almost all of their motor skills had atrophied, Hawking used a custom-made computer to form words, which were then spoken through a voice synthesizer. Typically, they could form a short sentence in about five to 10 minutes.
Prior to meeting with him, I asked a number of scientific questions of Hawking. But, after all of these years, the one query, and answer, that sticks with me concerned the hottest issue of the day, the impending Iraq conflict. What did they think about the likelihood of the United States going to war against Iraq?
“It will be far more difficult to get out of Iraq than it will be to get in,” Hawking warned. They felt that America and its allies would get bogged down in a long-term, unwinnable conflict. As usual, Hawking proved prescient.
Theoretical physicists have the broadest of mandates—looking back to the very beginning of the Universe, when the cosmos underwent a rapid period of inflation, while also projecting forward hundreds of billions of years into the future when all will end in a slow, desperate heat death. With their positing about the nature of black holes, and theories of everything, Hawking lived in this world.
But they also lived very much in the real world, outside the academic tower, leaving Cambridge for places like Texas. Perhaps it was because of their staggering disability that people could relate so well to Hawking. Perhaps it was because of their gifted ability to relate the remote physics of cosmology to a cosmetologist.
Whatever it was, the world needs more of it. With Stephen Hawking's passing, we have lost our most well-known scientist, someone who transcended the culture wars to foster a public appreciation of science—and for scientists.
Carriage rides
Hawking had come to Texas because of oil money, particularly that of a Houston wildcatter named George Mitchell, who launched the present-day fracking boom. Mitchell, a billionaire, retained their childhood fascination with the stars above late into life.
In 2002, Mitchell watched Hawking on a PBS show lamenting the failure of the US to complete construction of the Superconducting Super Collider. That episode had pained Mitchell, too. They had provided seed funding for the project as far back as the 1980s, and they rued the cancellation of the particle physics collider in 1993. Mitchell had contacts at the physics department at Texas A&M University, their alma mater, and through them arranged to meet with Hawking in 2002, when the great physicist was visiting at the California Institute of Technology.
Hawking was skeptical of Mitchell and their oil money. They had delighted in the downfall of the Houston-based energy trading company Enron, in 2001. But Mitchell's enthusiasm (and money—about $20 million for various projects over 15 years) won over the physicist. After the 2002 meeting, Hawking visited Texas A&M or Mitchell's ranch half a dozen times, giving sold-out lectures on campus and bringing prestige to the physics department.
Over time, Hawking truly came to enjoy spending time at the 5,650-acre, forested ranch owned by Mitchell about an hour north of Houston, known as Cook's Branch Conservancy. There, they and other elite physicists from around the world, many of them students of Hawking, would gather for days in private, amid natural beauty, for conclaves to discuss the Universe.
On a couple of these occasions, I had the privilege of joining the physicists for dinner, drinks, and some of their discussions. The mathematics flew right over the top of my head, but the experience proved sublime all the same. Not every day does one sip expensive wine and watch Stephen Hawking hoisted into a carriage, alongside Mitchell, for a ride across an estate.
Communication matters
These meetings could also be somewhat awkward affairs. During dinner, for example, Mitchell and Hawking would sit at the head of the table. As an attendant fed Hawking, Mitchell might make a remark to the physicist, or ask a question, and then wait in silence for minutes for an answer. Meanwhile, chatter continued all around as Hawking worked away at their computer. Suddenly, and incongruously, the electronic voice would blurt out some reply.
In these moments, I wondered what it must be like for one of the most brilliant people in the world to have all of these thoughts bottled up in their mind but not be able to communicate them quickly or in totality.
I have been fortunate to spend time with some of the most brilliant people of our age, such as Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Jane Goodall. All have sharp minds and limited tolerance for wasting time. How must it have felt to be perhaps the sharpest of all these minds but have no capability to interject, steer a conversation, or cut it off? I'm pretty sure this would drive someone with a ruthless intellect like Musk insane.
And yet Hawking devoted much of their life to public communication, giving long speeches where they just sat there and the computer read out a text they had labored so long upon. Hawking spent untold days writing books, preparing and delivering public lectures, and even passed time meeting reporters and answering their questions.
This is the lesson I take from Hawking's passing—that important scientific endeavors and findings should be shared widely with the public in hopes of deepening appreciation for a rational worldview. If someone in a wheelchair, with a life-threatening disease, and the ability to share just a single word a minute can become a gifted science communicator, surely the rest of us can do better.
But what might be the key to Udoh getting rotation minutes this year is their offense, and they showed potential there particularly in the first half against Phoenix on Friday night. They played as a center in a lineup with Derrick Favors and as a forward in a lineup with Rudy Gobert. With three assists in the first half alone (including a dart of a swing pass between Rodney Hood and Favors), Udoh showcased how much their passing improved abroad.
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing their car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn their car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," they tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which they said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," they said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" they admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
They told the newspaper that they don't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In their opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on their claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke their permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked their permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of their speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend their demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." They added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," they said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
ATLANTA, Ga (AP) — Georgia lawmakers are considering a bill that would expand insurance coverage for people with autism.
Republican Sen. Renee Unterman, of Buford, sponsored the bill, which Tuesday passed the Senate Insurance and Labor Committee.
The current law only requires that insurance providers cover autism treatment services until the age of six. That coverage cap is the lowest in the country.
The proposal would raise that age to 21 – higher than the national average of 18.
The coverage includes assessments, evaluation, and treatment and does not limit the number of visits to receive services.
The bill would not affect many big-employer benefit plans that are regulated by federal ERISA laws.
Unterman, who had an autistic child, said that they were proud that the Senate was acting as “a leader on autism.”
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Without knowing who they were or what they might do, police briefly had Travis Reinking in their sights days before the deadly assault on a Waffle House restaurant.
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week, officers decided against a risky police chase, knowing the car had a GPS device and could soon be located.
In this image released by the Metro Nashville Police Department, Travis Reinking poses for a booking photo on Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. The mentally unstable gunman suspected of killing four people in a late-night shooting at a Waffle House restaurant was arrested near their apartment Monday after hiding from police for more than a day, authorities said. (Metro Nashville Police Department via AP)
Sure enough, the car was recovered the same day, outside Reinking's apartment. But police didn't figure out who stole it until Sunday, after the Waffle House attack. By then, police say, the 29-year-old with a troubled past used an assault weapon - the same AR-15 once seized from them at the FBI's request - to kill four people and wound four others.
Reinking escaped on foot from the restaurant after a quick-thinking customer wrestled the gun from their grasp, and they shed the only item of clothing they were wearing, a green jacket. By the time they were captured in the woods nearby, police had searched their apartment, and found the key fob to the stolen BMW.
Nashville Police Department Lt. Carlos Lara told reporters that a detective was tipped to the suspect's presence by some construction workers, and confronted Reinking, who lay down on the ground to be handcuffed. They carried a black backpack, with a silver semi-automatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition. Reinking then asked for a lawyer and was taken to a hospital before being booked on four counts of criminal homicide.
The arrest ended a 24-hour manhunt involving more than 160 law enforcement officers, but it left troubling unanswered questions about official responses to months of bizarre behavior before the restaurant attack, including encounters with police in Illinois and Colorado and an arrest at the White House that raised red flags.
In May 2016, Reinking told deputies from Tazewell County, Illinois, that music superstar Taylor Swift was stalking them and hacking their phone. Reinking agreed to go to a local hospital for an evaluation after repeatedly resisting the request, the sheriff's report said.
They would make a similar claim about Swift in Salida, Colorado, nearly a year later, in March 2017, authorities there said.
Another Illinois sheriff's report said Reinking barged into a community pool in Tremont last June and jumped into the water wearing a pink woman's coat over their underwear. Investigators believed they had an AR-15 rifle in their car trunk, but it was never displayed. No charges were filed.
Last July, Reinking was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service after they entered a restricted area near the White House and refused to leave, saying they wanted to meet President Donald Trump. Reinking was not armed, but at the FBI's request, Illinois police revoked their state firearms card and seized four guns from him, including the AR-15 used in the shootings.
Signs of paranoid delusions continued: In August, Reinking told police they wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into their computer and phone and people "barking like dogs" outside their residence, according to a report.
"There's certainly evidence that there's some sort of mental health issues involved," Tazewell County Sheriff Robert Huston said.
But Huston said deputies eventually returned the guns to Reinking's father on the promise they would "keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis." And Don Aaron, a Nashville Police spokesperson, said Reinking's father "has now acknowledged giving them back" to their son.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special Agent Marcus Watson said Monday that their father's action is "potentially a violation of federal law."
Phone calls to a number listed for the father, Jeffrey Reinking, went unanswered.
It is not clear why Reinking moved recently from Morton, Illinois, and if it had anything to do with being near Swift. They have a home in Nashville, though it is not their only residence. Police say they worked in construction for a while.
Police said about 20 customers were in the restaurant when Reinking opened fire. The first victims were Taurean Sanderlin, 29, of Goodlettsville, and Joe Perez, 20, of Nashville, shot down in the parking lot.
Sanderlin was an employee at the restaurant. Perez's mother, Trisha Perez, told the Tennessean newspaper after traveling from Texas to collect their body that they pinged their son's cellphone and was horrified to see the locator saying it was at the Waffle House.
DeEbony Groves, 21, a student at Nashville's Belmont University; and Akilah Dasilva, 23, a rap artist and music video producer, were killed inside the restaurant before customer James Shaw Jr. grabbed the hot muzzle of the assault weapon and wrestled it away.
Shaw, 29, a Nashville native who works as a wireless technician for AT&T, has been hailed as a hero.
___
Associated Press writers John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Ed White in Detroit; and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Though we're only one week into the 2017 preseason, several players have continued the anthem protests begun last year by former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick. Unlike Kaepernick, though, these new protesters have jobs, which casts serious doubt over the liberal sports media's claim that the former 49er quarterback is being blackballed because of their anthem protest.
All off-season, members of the sports media insisted in column after column that Colin Kaepernick's unemployed status, was the result of a league-wide blackballing effort, due of the immense unpopularity of Kaepernick's politics. However, as the new season launches, two other players continued Kaepernick's protest. Moreover, at least one reporter noted this week that up to three more might be joining the trend.
advertisement
With so many players continuing the protest, while facing no backlash from the NFL, it should demolish the claim that the league which is nearly 70 percent African American, is “racist.”
The racist angle isn't the only claim Kaepernick supporters are pushing. Some have also insisted in a corollary claim that Kaepernick is being blackballed despite that still being a good player. However, with the continuation of the protests from star players like Marshawn Lynch and Michael Bennett, it's clear that the NFL is not rejecting players that are still playing good football, even though they're protesting. Unlike Kaepernick ,whose stats had begun a slow downward trend since at least 2014, players who are continuing the protest are still essentially at the top of their game.
Yet, on Sunday, Mike Florio of Pro Football Talk was still pushing the claim that Colin Kaepernick is being singled out because they “exercised their Constitutional rights” to speak out.
In Florio's opinion, Kaepernick is being “blackballed” because they spoke out on politics and the league is punishing them for being a “distraction.” The latter term, Florio insisted, is code for “don't step out of line.”
But with the growing list of other players continuing the protests this year, not to mention those who joined Kaepernick last year, it would seem that Florio's point is on shaky grounds at best.
Clearly, the NFL isn't telling players to end their anti-American protests because the league doesn't want them to step out of line.
The truth seems to be a different thing. Kaepernick's problem is not that they merely stood up for their right of free speech, or that they indulged a left-wing, anti-American agenda. Kaepernick's problem is that their play on the field wasn't good enough to offset all the public scorn and media attention that their politics attract.
That's the difference between players like Lynch, Bennett, and Kaepernick.
Who would want to sign someone who caused you headaches without performing at a high level? If you are a coach or a team owner, why would you go out of your way to bring that sort of turmoil to your team?
Again, who would invite that into their locker room?
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Officers on horseback outside the stadium before kick-off.
Officers on horseback outside the stadium before kick-off.
POLICE ARE INVESTIGATING “a serious assault” following reports a Liverpool fan was attacked ahead of the Champions League semi-final first leg against Roma at Anfield this evening.
Merseyside Police posted a message confirming an incident had taken place and appealing for video footage.
A statement read: “We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm.
Officers are appealing to anyone with information, or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC.”
There were clashes between Liverpool and Roma supporters shortly before kick-off in a game that the home side went on to win 5-2.
Around 80 Roma fans are thought to have used a side road to reach an area populated by Liverpool supporters just outside their Anfield stadium.
One man was seen motionless on the road and BBC footage showed another fan carrying a hammer amid reports Roma supporters used belts as weapons.
Sunday Times Football correspondent Jonathan Northcroft tweeted: “Roma fans have just attacked Liverpool supporters with belts, outside the Albert. One guy down getting treatment.
“The Roma group came out of Venmore Street, and attack was sudden.”
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Communist party candidate Pavel Grudinin, right, and Communist Party leader Gennady Zyuganov, attend a news conference in Moscow, Russia, Monday, March 19, 2018. Grudinin, a millionaire strawberry farm director, polled 11.9 percent in Sunday's presidential vote, trailing far behind President Vladimir Putin who won nearly 77 percent of the vote. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin)
Communist party candidate Pavel Grudinin, right, and Communist Party leader Gennady Zyuganov, attend a news conference in Moscow, Russia, Monday, March 19, 2018. Grudinin, a millionaire strawberry farm director, polled 11.9 percent in Sunday's presidential vote, trailing far behind President Vladimir Putin who won nearly 77 percent of the vote. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin)
MOSCOW (AP) - With their best election showing ever, President Vladimir Putin is shifting comfortably into their next six-year term, but the gnawing question of what comes next already looms on Russia's horizon.
At their first appearance after Sunday's victory, Putin was immediately asked about their plans beyond 2024, reflecting Russia's nervousness about the succession issue that will dominate the political landscape for the near future.
Putin piled up nearly 77 percent of the vote, burnishing their credentials as a leader who enjoys overwhelming public support. That will give them more room to ponder their choice: groom a reliable successor, scrap term limits or create a new position of power so they can continue pulling the strings after their fourth term ends.
All those options will remain on the table, and Putin probably will wait a few more years before making their choice.
Asked if they could initiate changes to the constitution, they answered with a characteristic reticence, saying they have no such plans "yet." They also laughed off a suggestion that they could take a six-year break before moving to reclaim the presidency in 2030.
"It's a bit ridiculous, let's do the math. Shall I sit here until I turn 100? No!" they said.
Alexander Baunov, an analyst with the Carnegie Moscow Center, said it would be good for Putin "to leave the presidential post with a record high result," since this is theoretically their final presidential term.
"His final term in this chair ... will be a period of transition of power. It's much easier to enter this transition of power when you have this especially high result," Baunov said.
In the last few years, Putin has methodically reshuffled Cabinet members and provincial governors. Some of them, such as Tula Gov. Alexei Dyumin, 45, and Economics Minister Maxim Oreshkin, 35, have been named among potential successors.
Skeptics note, however, that the Kremlin might deliberately encourage succession rumors to see how the elites and broader public react, even though Putin might intend to stay on the job.
The 65-year-old Russian leader remains in good physical shape, continuing to play ice hockey and engaging in other vigorous outdoor activities, and they could be strong enough to carry on beyond 2024.
Chinese leader Xi Jinping's action to scrap term limits could offer a tempting example for the Russian leader. Xi was one of the first foreign leaders to congratulate Putin on their victory.
Putin observed the two-term limit in 2008, shifting into the prime minister's seat and allowing longtime associate Dmitry Medvedev to serve as a placeholder president for four years. Putin, however, was unhappy with Medvedev's performance, particularly their decision to allow the West launch a military action in Libya that led to the ouster and death of its longtime leader, Moammar Gadhafi.
After reclaiming the presidency in 2012, Putin focused on reasserting Russia's global clout and acted boldly to defy the West. That policy culminated in Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea and support for a separatist insurgency in eastern Ukraine - actions that drew Western sanctions and sparked tensions unseen since Cold War times.
Putin has cast themselves as a protector against U.S.-led plots to sideline and weaken Russia, and with those bitter strains with the West showing no signs of abating, it could be hard to imagine them leaving the job in 2024.
While those showdowns have exacerbated Russia's economic woes, they also raised patriotic feelings and bolstered Putin's support.
"If a Russian leader is very welcomed and received as ... a personal friend, smiling together from morning to evening with different Western leaders, it raises suspicions here at home," Baunov said. "But if a Russian leader is heavily criticized by the West, by media and politicians, it means most probably they are defending Russia's national interest as much as they can."
Tatyana Orlova, a 67-year-old St. Petersburg pensioner who voted for Putin, praised them as "the defender of our Motherland, who revived the army, brought Crimea back to Russia, raised up Russia from its knees."
"I pray to God for him," they added.
While such defiance of the West resonates well with Russians, there has been a plunge in living standards triggered by the combined blow of sanctions and lower oil prices. Many are unhappy with their performance at home and expect them to raise wages, improve ailing education and health care systems and modernize crumbling infrastructure.
"Six years ago, everyone was well-off, people were buying cars, apartments," said Irina Korovina, 34, who voted for Putin in Yekaterinburg. "Now things are more difficult. People are economizing on food, on clothes. I'd like things to go back to where they were."
Earlier this month, Putin had set a target of a 50 percent increase in Russian GDP per capita by the middle of the next decade, but they offered little detail of how that could be achieved. Their state-of-the-nation speech reflected concern about Russia being left behind other countries if it doesn't innovate more.
"We've already had two economic crises caused by the overreliance on oil and gas, in 2008-09 the oil price collapsed and in 2014-15 the oil price collapsed," said Chris Weafer of Macro Advisory.
"It's a bit like the Oscar Wilde quote, 'One is unfortunate, two looks like carelessness,' but in the case of Russia, two were unfortunate but the third would look like carelessness," Weafer said. "I think the government is desperate not to again become overreliant on oil and gas."
Putin's promises to wean Russia off its overwhelming dependence on exports of oil, gas and other raw materials are unlikely to materialize soon, and plans to encourage economic growth could be hard to implement. Yet, economic problems probably will not pose any significant challenge to their rule.
Russia does occasionally see local protests over economic issues like wage cuts, but there's no national movement and many labor unions are under the control of employers.
Sunday's election further marginalized the divided the opposition. Even widespread reports of ballot-stuffing and complaints by observers and opposition activists of coercion of voters to boost turnout won't blemish Putin's victory for most Russians.
"At least we'll have stability - that's already something," said 20-year-old university student Yekaterina Korniltseva in Yekaterinburg, who said they voted for Putin.
Yelena Solovyova of St. Petersburg, a 43-year-old manager, said they voted for others in past elections, but went for Putin this time because "I don't want any collapse that could make my life and the life of my children worse."
In the short term, Putin may shake up their government and security structures and test some new names to see if they are worthy successors.
They probably will be young technocrats "who have no political past and no ideological passions," said Paris-based analyst Tatyana Stanovaya.
If they haven't found a serious candidate by the middle of their term and is facing "fear and nervousness ... then Putin will have a greater temptation to stay in power," they added.
___
Associated Press writers Nataliya Vasilyeva in Yekaterinburg, James Ellingsworth in Moscow and Irina Titova in St. Petersburg contributed.
__
See complete Associated Press coverage of the Russian election: https://www.apnews.com/tag/RussiaElection
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIAMI — 28-year-old Jacob Garcia is facing charges of disorderly conduct for allegedly groping a female passenger on an American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami, according to WGN.
A Miami-Dade police report says the flight crew told officers they tried to move 28-year-old Jacob Garcia of Chicago to another seat, but they continued to be unruly, screaming and insulting the woman and their boyfriend.
Police then asked Garcia to leave Flight 2446, which was waiting to take off from Miami to Chicago, but they refused.
After Garcia was asked to move seats they began screaming at the female passenger and their boyfriend. A passenger on the plane said they said a racial slur to the guards.
“Right before the guy sits down in their seat, they turn to the security guard and shouts at them they said, ‘My people were building civilizations while you monkeys were still swinging from the trees,'” Adisak Pochanayon said. “There was a couple people on the flight who wanted to get up and leave. There was a black gentleman two rows in front who was like, ‘I can't be on this flight with this racist.”
Pochanayon recorded video from the incident. They said after Garcia refused to leave the plane, the pilot announced the whole plane would have to be emptied.
Pochanayon said they believe something just wasn't right with Garcia who showed great physical strength and an ability to be unfazed by the Taser.
Passenger videos show police zapping the man as they struggled to get them off the plane. They kept asking why they were removing him. Passengers can be seen clapping and cheering as Garcia is later escorted through the airport.
Garcia faces disorderly conduct and other charges. Jail records don't list an attorney.
An American Airlines statement says crew members asked the man to get off the plane after they had a "disagreement" with another passenger Sunday night; the man refused to leave and the crew began deplaning passengers. The statement says during that process, a physical altercation broke out between the two passengers.
The plane left an hour late.
25.761680 -80.191790
ANNAPOLIS, Md. — Navy coach Ken Niumatalolo didn't need to assemble the team together to inform them the importance of Saturday's game against Air Force.
"The Commander-in-Chief's Trophy and winning the conference are our two biggest goals," Niumatalolo said. "This is the first leg and it's going to be a battle, a real tough game."
Air Force holds the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy after sweeping Army and Navy last season. The Falcons pretty much dominated the Midshipmen in a 28-14 victory in Colorado Springs.
"These kids are a lot smarter than me," Niumatalolo said. "If I have to remind them of that, they probably couldn't have gotten into the Naval Academy."
This marks the 50th meeting between Navy (4-0) and Air Force (1-3). The winner has gone on to capture the coveted Commander-in-Chief's Trophy every year since 1997.
Navy won seven straight in the series from 2003 through 2009. However, Air Force holds a 4-3 advantage since 2010. The Falcons and Midshipmen have traded the trophy back and forth the past four seasons, a trend the Annapolis contingent would like to continue.
___
Some other things to know about Saturday's game:
BAD TASTE: Fourteen years. That's how long Navy went without losing to Air Force and Army in the same season. Getting swept by their service academy rivals was the low point of an otherwise successful 2016 season for the Midshipmen. "This is a new year. We're not even thinking about last year. We're just trying to get this one," Niumatalolo said.
HARD TO RUN: Air Force and Navy both employ option offences so it was the rare meeting between the rivals last year in which much of the damage was done through the air. The Midshipmen were forced to throw the ball after having no success on the ground. Will Worth completed 17 of 30 passes for 260 yards, but also tossed two interceptions. The Falcons finished with 257 yards passing, although that production was bolstered by 173 yards rushing. "I think a lot of it is that we're both so aggressive. Air Force puts a lot of defenders on the line of scrimmage. We threw a lot to try to back them up," Niumatalolo said.
The pro-Saudi tabloid that showed up on newsstands at Wal-Mart, Safeway and other US supermarkets last month might have been shared with officials at the Saudi Embassy in Washington around three weeks before its publication, according to two anonymous sources who spoke to AP on Tuesday.
The magazine's publisher, American Media, Inc. (AMI), which publishes popular US tabloids such as "The National Enquirer" and "US Weekly," has previously been accused of having links to US President Donald Trump.
Two anonymous individuals reportedly obtained metadata embedded in the PDF file of "The New Kingdom," the paean to Riyadh, that reveals the magazine was produced by an AMI production employee at 8:41 p.m. February 19. AP did not reveal any information on where the individuals work or what affiliations they may have to AMI.
The magazine was then distributed internally among officials at Saudi Arabia's embassy in Washington. It also made its way to the embassy's military office and to Nail al-Jubeir, brother of Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir. By February 20, the publication had been circulated to Washington foreign policy contacts, according to the two anonymous contacts.
The recent revelations suggest that the $13.99 magazine, which consists of nearly 100 pages commending the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and its Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, are part of a global campaign to shift the Western public's opinions of the oil-rich Middle Eastern nation.
"Publishing this special interest publication was a business decision made by AMI in an effort to capitalize on a topical and timely event," a spokesperson for AMI said last month, the Middle East Eye reported. "AMI saw this as a unique opportunity to capitalize on the attention surrounding the crown prince's visit to the US and the growing interest and curiosity in Saudi Arabia."
© REUTERS / Khaled Abdullah Yemen: Houthis Claim to Have Hit Saudi Airport with Ballistic Missile
"AMI's only revenue from this product will come from newsstand sales," the spokesperson added.
On March 24, a senior adviser from the Saudi embassy in Washington tweeted that "neither the embassy nor any other part of the government commissioned this and we don't know who did. If you find out, we'd love to know."
According to the anonymous sources, AMI contacted officials at the Saudi embassy in Washington to ask for input on the content, although the officials reportedly never responded.
"Absolutely not," AMI spokesperson Jon Hammond responded when AP asked them if AMI had been paid by the Saudis.
Saud Kabli, the Saudi embassy's communications director in Washington, also confirmed that the embassy had "no role in the production of the magazine."
"We don't have a problem with the magazine, but we just don't think it is effective," Kabli told AP recently.
According to AP, Tineye, a reverse-image search tool, reveals that many of the photos pictured in the magazine are sand-dune surfing images from Namibia, indoor greenhouses from the Netherlands and wildlife pictures in Zambia and Israel.
In March, Trump welcome Mohammed bin Salman to the White House, reaffirming the US administration's desire to further improve relations with the Middle Eastern country.
"The relationship is probably the strongest it's ever been," Trump told reporters during the meeting late March. "We understand each other. Saudi Arabia is a very wealthy nation, and they're going to give the United States some of that wealth hopefully, in the form of jobs, in the form of the purchase of the finest military equipment anywhere in the world."
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Coming up this week on Pennsylvania Outdoor Life, we'll head to Lake Winola for some panfish action with Anderson Boyd of Boyd's NEPA Guiding Service. Plus, it's that time of year, time for babies to be born in the wild. Second Chance Wildlife Center in Wyoming County is just one place dedicated to bringing them back to full strength. We've got all that plus Pennsylvania People and Places and a product giveaway, Sunday night at 6:30 only on WNEP.
The head of the banking lobby group, former Queensland premier Anna Bligh, will appear at the financial services royal commission.
The Australian Banking Association CEO will be questioned about the self-regulation of banks under the Code of Banking Practice.
A new draft code has gone to the corporate regulator for approval.
Ms Bligh is expected to appear at the commission on Thursday, after the inquiry completes a case study involving a National Australia Bank business loan.
It's been a tough time for department stores. Of the companies that have reported second-quarter results, Kohl's Corp., Stage Stores Inc., Macy's Inc., J.C. Penney Co. Inc. and Dillard's Inc. have all posted negative same-store sales. Only Nordstrom Inc. showed positive comparative sales.
To be fair, the same-store sales declines came in better than expected. But investors remain worried, and several analysts turned up the heat on the companies that did not meet expectations — particularly J.C. Penney.
How you can save on energy costs from your cable set-top box
How you can save on energy costs from your cable set-top box Mar 15
Rupert Murdoch in London with sons James, right, who is chairperson of the board at Sky, and Lachlan, in March 2016.
Comcast Corp.'s $40 billion bid for Europe's Sky satellite-TV business is a steaming mess of pros and cons.
The deal could make Comcast the world's second-largest pay-TV operator, behind state-owned China Telecom Corp. Ltd.
Sky would give Comcast a global platform for distributing NBCUniversal entertainment and for negotiating global sports rights deals for the NFL or soccer's Premier League, analysts say. And Sky's European streaming service could even become an alternative to Netflix, which boasts 117 million members in 190 countries.
But Comcast could also be mired with Sky's sluggish satellite-TV business and it might find Europeans unwilling to shell out big bucks for entertainment, analysts fear.
“It's not without risk,” said Ian Olgeirson, lead pay-TV analyst for Kagan research, part of S&P Global Market Intelligence. “There are “clouds hanging over some of this.”
Despite a record of successful acquisitions over decades, Comcast stock is down more than 10 percent since it announced its intention to bargain for Sky and about 20 percent off its 52-week high, part of a broad retreat in legacy media stocks threatened by social media platforms and streamers.
Comcast shares fell 53 cents to $35.30 on Monday, on a sharply down day for Wall Street.
Comcast's stock price faced similar downdrafts with deals for AT&T's broadband business more than 15 years ago and NBCUniversal, both of which were successful. Comcast believes that it can sell more pay-TV subscriptions to Europeans and distribute NBCUniversal through Sky. It also notes that Sky is more than a satellite operator, and offers broadband, mobile and a content arm through Sky News.
Comcast Corp. CEO Brian Roberts announced on Feb. 27 that the company was informing regulators that it would make a bid for U.K.-based Sky, valued around $40 billion in cash and debt. The deal seeks to disrupt a previous offer for Sky by 21st Century Fox Corp., the news and entertainment company controlled by media mogul Rupert Murdoch.
Fox already owns 39 percent of Sky and has sought for years to gain full control, though U.K. regulators have opposed the Fox bid because of concerns over Murdoch media concentration.
Adding a personal element to the takeover battle for Sky, Murdoch's son, James, is chairperson of the board at Sky. Chase Carey, a longtime confidante of Rupert Murdoch's and Fox vice chairperson, also is on the Sky board.
Rupert Murdoch reached a deal to sell about $52.4 billion in Fox assets, including Sky, to the Walt Disney Co. in December, rebuffing a higher bid by Comcast.
Comcast must still offer a formal bid for Sky. Then U.K. and European regulators would have to approve it, and the Sky board has to OK it. If closed, Comcast/Sky would serve 42.4 million TV customers in the United States, U.K., Ireland, Italy, Austria and Germany, according to Kagan.
By contrast, China Telecom, the globe's largest pay-TV operator, has 73.3 million TV subscribers, Kagan says.
Comcast said on Monday that it has not taken any action since its announcement on Feb. 27, nor has it heard from European regulators.
Industry observers speculate that Comcast's bid for Sky may be part of a broader effort to pry Fox assets out of Disney's hands. Both Comcast and Disney are seeking to expand their global businesses as they have faced direct-to-consumer streaming competitors in the United States.
In an 80-minute presentation on Friday, telecom analyst Craig Moffett said that speculation abounds that “this is sort of a chess move [by Comcast] and they are not really going after Sky, they are doing it to corner Disney into selling Hulu [or] that they are simply playing for time until the ruling in the AT&T/Time Warner case to buy Fox.”
Hulu is a streaming service whose ownership is divided among Comcast, Disney, Time Warner and Fox.
But Moffett said they believe that people should take Comcast's bid at “face value. And if Comcast wants to buy Sky, why does it want Sky?”
The TV ecosystem is moving into a period of “captive studios” whose entertainment will be exclusively distributed to consumers such as Netflix originals, Moffett said. Disney also has said it will develop direct-to-consumer entertainment services that it could push through Sky and its own streaming services in the United States.
In their presentation, Moffett noted that Netflix made this pivot to original productions distributed through its streaming service and Comcast seems to be positioning itself to make a similar pivot. “To be a player in that future, studios will be underwriting enormous risk. And the only way to defray that risk is to have enormous distribution scale,” Moffett said in an email Monday.
Top Global Pay-TV Companies if Comcast buys Sky:
(in millions of TV subscribers)
China Telecom Corp. Ltd., 73.3
Comcast/Sky, 42.4
China Unicom, 26.3
AT&T/DirecTV, 24.3
Shandong Broadcast & TV, 19.8
Source: Kagan/S&P Global Market Intelligence
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Many people refrain from hiring a personal trainer considering their expensive costs and their ability to push people of their limits. Hiring a personal trainer can expedite you journey in fitness and help you reach your goals faster. Here is the list of things that you should expect from a professional personal trainer:
• One main benefit of hiring a personal trainer is that they have the ability to motivate you. When you are working out all on your own, you may sometimes feel demotivated seeing that your progress is slow. A personal trainer can provide you with a workout structure and accountability to help you reach your goals faster.
• A personal trainer provides you with an individualized workout plan that is specifically designed for you. If you have any chronic health conditions or injuries, a certified personal trainer will take that into account before listing your workout plan.
• A personal trainer will help you achieve efficient workout. They will help you focus on your workout and stop you from wasting time in between the workouts. A personal trainer always comes with a plan and helps you achieve maximum results in minimum time.
• A personal trainer helps you improve your workout techniques. Performing your exercises with proper technique will boost your progress tremendously. A trainer can guide you on how to focus on your workout and perform them correctly.
• Working out sometimes is dangerous if not performed correctly. A personal trainer will keep an eye on your exercise and point out the mistakes that you perform and help you fix them.
• If you are absolutely new to exercise, you might want someone to monitor what you do at the gym. There can be nobody better than a certified personal trainer to teach you and monitor your workout.
Tribe Fitness offers the best fitness classes in San Francisco and if you are looking to achieve your fitness goals faster, we also offer the best personal trainers in San Francisco. To learn and discuss visit our website at https://tribefitsf.com/ and call us up at 415-966-1319 respectively. Tribe Fitness can help you find the right methods and plans to transform your body and your life!
The reliable senior care provider in Charleston aims to make the daily lives of the elderly easier and better through companionship and customized care programs.
[SOUTH CAROLINA, 07/03/2018] – Seniors need more than help; they need company as they age. Senior Helpers Charleston is a reliable company in ensuring a better quality of life for the elderly all throughout the aging process.
“Senior Helpers is the company you can trust when it comes to professional, dependable senior home care in Charleston, South Carolina,” the company shares.
The History as the Purpose
Barry and Amy Smith own the senior home care serving Goose Creek and surrounding areas. They have a deep understanding of the community's in-home senior care needs. Having watched their grandparents and mothers age and struggle caring for themselves, the Smiths figured offering care services for seniors.
“Now, with Senior Helpers Charleston, The Smiths provide care services that help seniors stay independent, ensure they aren't lonely, and make their everyday lives a little easier,” the senior care provider says.
A Variety of Senior Care Services
Senior Helpers Charleston also provides companion care. This service provides companionship for seniors wherever they go. Whether it's to the doctor's clinics, parks, or malls, the Senior Helpers Charleston's caregivers make sure to go with the elderly.
The company's qualified caregivers further offer personal care services, which involve the following:
• Hygiene assistance
• Medication reminders
• Walking support
The elderly care provider also has a wellness watch program, which provides weekly check-ins through phone and semimonthly personal visits from the team visit. This program is suitable for older adults who do not require everyday home care visits but require the assurance of periodic checks for their safety.
About Senior Helpers
Senior Helpers offers experienced senior in-home care services. The company focuses on ensuring a better quality of life for the elderly and their families. The elderly care provider has dependable and affordable care available at a moment's notice.
The trusted and respected organization responsibly supports its clients and their families, as well as its employees and surrounding communities. To know more about how Senior Helpers can help, go to https://www.seniorhelpers.com/charleston-sc today.
Indigenous communities in the major urban centres across Canada are getting their own radio stations the Canadian Radio-Television Telecommunications Commission, (CRTC) announced today.
Vancouver skyline at sunrise. © CP / Albert Normandin
The new stations will serve audiences in Vancouver, Edmonton, Calgary, Ottawa and Toronto.
“This decision comes at a crucial time, not only because it comes in the wake of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's report, but also because of the many major issues that affect these communities,” Jean-Pierre Blais, CRTC chairperson and CEO. said in a statement.
Montrealers have had radio K-103 from the nearby Mohawk community of Kahnewake since 1984.
The new stations will broadcast on the following frequencies:
I was intrigued by research discussed in February's “One person's healthy food is not another person's healthy food” that the Healthy Foods, Healthy Living Institute is involved in, including growing food in northern Minnesota. However, I was troubled by statements around weight and weight-loss goals for older women. Full disclosure: I am a woman over 40, a family doctor, mom to a daughter and a specialist in childhood feeding.
As Prof. Mindy Kurzer's self-described lifelong challenges with weight show, knowledge and determination (“… they have to be willing to change their lifestyle for the rest of their lives.”), as well as having the resources to shop for, transport, store nutritious foods, and hire a personal trainer, don't guarantee weight loss. Can we expect that advice to work for the rest of us, for those working three jobs, relying on buses or struggling with housing, mental illness or stigma?
It's been 13 years since my last diet (dieting “success” rates are single digits, with many chronic dieters gaining more than is lost). My husband lost 14 pounds and I lost 3, and all 17 were gained back. I wasted hours dreaming of the forbidden high-carb bowl of cereal. I have since researched the science and embraced the final words of the article, which seemed counter to the content: “If feeling better was the motivation rather than the figure on the scale, we'd all do better.”
Of the vibrant women I know in their 70s, 80s and 90s who “do better,” some are lean, others are round and soft. All have a passion, whether it is writing letters, painting, saving turtles, church or political activism. They have strong family and community connections, didn't smoke and have financial resources and medical care. I hope to be among these women someday, and struggling to lose weight is not more likely to make that happen. I am weighed annually at the doctor and, yes, since 40, my weight has crept up a few pounds as it does for many women. I am thankful that through my work I learned that weight and poor health are not linearly related, as in every “extra” 5 pounds does not take additional months off your life.
With awareness of my privilege, I share that I may no longer fit into my wedding dress, but I cook often and prioritize family meals. I enjoy lentils and spinach, ice cream and the occasional fast food. I am grateful for my body, and move in joyful ways as often as I can, more some weeks than others. I aim for enough quality sleep and maintain meaningful social connections. I inherited genes that direct my body to do things with cholesterol that make my doctor swoon. I take breaks when I feel like my head and heart will explode from my Facebook feed. I had a secure, low-stress childhood (research shows a compelling link between cumulative childhood trauma and poor adult health outcomes). I have a loving partner, a healthy child and a warm home in a safe neighborhood.
I cherish the freedom from the tyranny of the pursuit of weight loss, where a bowl of cereal is just that, and I can dream of more enchanting things. I take care of myself with healthy behaviors and allow my weight to settle where it may. I encourage others to consider doing the same.
More at intuitiveeating.org and ASDAH.org and lindabacon.org
*Postmenopausal women suffer increasingly from eating disorders. The Emily Program is a resource in St. Anthony Park. If the pursuit of weight loss or negative body image are interfering with quality of life, there is help. (I have no financial stake in the Emily Program, and there are other programs in the Twin Cities.)
Katja Rowell, St. Anthony Park
NYC Comptroller Scott Stringer announced a 2018 initiative to help Minority- and Women-owned Business Enterprises gain access toto city contracts known as “M/WBE University”, the yearlong series of workshops designed to help M/WBEs get certified with with the city, navigate the procurement process and gain access to government business.
While city agencies are making important strides in delivering contracts to M/WBEs, major gaps remain. Last year, the city awarded just over $1 billion in contracts to M/WBEs, which represent only 4.9 percent of all awards.
“Four years ago, we did something no one had before,” Comptroller Stringer said. “We started analyzing and holding agencies accountable for how – and to whom – it delivers contracts. Wesaw deep inequities and a playing field that was far from level. This is about fairness. M/WBE University is so important because these companies help to build real local wealth across all of our communities. If we're going to have a true five-borough economy where everyone has a fair shot, we have to make sure our M/WBEs are successful.”
The yearlong series of workshops will, for the first time, bring in representatives from major companies like IBM, CDW and Ricoh Partners, as well as other businesses that contract with the city for legal, construction and accounting services. Along with opening the doors to city contracting, M/WBE University will provide businesses with opportunities in contracting directly with the comptroller's office.
The list of workshops includes: Doing Business with NYC as an IBM, CDW or Ricoh Partner on 2/23; Become a Prequalified NYC Auditor on 3/23; Capital, Bonds & Tax Breaks for Businesses Impacting NYC on 5/25; Doing Business with the Comptroller on 7/13; Prevailing Wage: What Your Business Needs to Know on 8/17 and The Future of M/WBEs in NYC on 12/14.
Workshops are limited to 75 people and will take place at the David N. Dinkins Manhattan Municipal Building, 1 Centre Street, Rm. 1005. Space is limited to 75 attendees for each workshop and registration is now open, so RSVP quickly if interested. Visit the Comptroller's website at https://comptroller.nyc.gov/ and scroll down to News Updates on the home page to access the Eventbrite RSVP links. For questions, please diversity@comptroller.nyc.gov.
When Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif walked into a roomful of reporters in New York on Saturday, they remarked on how their U.S. visit was going.
"Good," they said. "Not as good as the guy who spent $250 million on the trip."
It was a reference to Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who just this month wrapped up a three-week tour of the United States. The Saudi prince traveled from Boston to Silicon Valley in California, and although a final price tag is not known, the trip was reported to be lavish and included meetings to encourage millionaires and billionaires to invest in their kingdom.
Iranian diplomats, by contrast, are preparing for the possibility that the United States might restrict trade even more with Tehran, by withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal and reimposing sanctions. If the U.S. decides to pull out, Zarif says, Iran most likely will, too.
Officially, Zarif was in New York for meetings at the United Nations, but the standoff with the United States is an overriding concern.
In an NPR interview with Zarif on Monday evening, it was apparent how the rivalry with Saudi Arabia is a factor in many Iranian decisions — including the uncertain future of its nuclear agreement with the United States and other world powers.
Rival powers
Iran is the most populous nation in the Persian Gulf region and Saudi Arabia is the richest. Before Iran's 1979 revolution, both were considered vital allies of the United States. Afterward, Iran turned against the United States. The Saudi-U.S. relationship, while deeply complex, remained close.
"I think Saudi Arabia has been obsessed with Iran for the past 40 years," Zarif said in our conversation. "They have tried to exclude us from this region."
If that was the Saudi goal, it has failed. Iran is deeply influential in Lebanon, Syria and Iraq, and it is believed to be linked with rebels who hold the capital of Yemen.
Zarif denied their country is equally obsessed with the Saudis, but their comments and those of many Iranians suggest otherwise. People in each country have a tendency to run down the poor human rights record and lack of freedom in the other.
"We believe that Saudi Arabia is an important player in the region [which] needs to be more responsible in its approach. But it is an important player in the region that cannot be excluded," they said. "I believe if Saudi Arabia came to the same recognition, we would be much better off."
An ugly war in Yemen
Iranians and Saudis are on opposite sides in several conflicts, most directly in Saudi Arabia's southern neighbor, Yemen. After rebels known as Houthis seized Yemen's capital in 2014, a Saudi-led military coalition directly intervened. Saudi airstrikes are blamed for many deaths; the war has led to economic collapse and widespread disease.
"Saudi Arabia can decide today and stop this bloodshed," Iran's Zarif said.
But the Saudis say they intervened against the Houthi rebels because Iran supported the Houthis. Saudi and U.S. officials insist the missiles that the Houthis occasionally lob into Saudi territory were made in Iran.
Foreign Minister Zarif denies allegations that Iran has supplied the missiles — yet they add that old Iranian missiles could have fallen into Houthi hands.
They also speak up for their right to a share of power in Yemen.
"I've talked to them and they're ready for peace negotiations," they said. "But what we need to do in Yemen is to have an inclusive government in Yemen. That includes everybody, including the Houthis. And we are prepared to use whatever influence. We — nobody controls anybody in Yemen, but we have some influence and we are prepared to use that influence."
A nuclear confrontation
Ultimately, the specter of Saudi Arabia hangs over the decisions Iran may face over the nuclear deal. The agreement says Iran must curtail its nuclear energy program, which world powers say could lead to nuclear weapons development, in exchange for billions of dollars in sanctions relief.
President Trump is eager to demand changes to the agreement if the U.S. is to remain in the deal at all. A May 12 deadline is approaching by which the President must either extend Iran's sanctions relief, or else allow the accord to begin falling apart.
Zarif is not interested in renegotiation. "Opening this package would be tantamount to opening a Pandora's box, and we'll never be able to close it," they said. Iran has rejected limits on Iranian ballistic missiles. Zarif sees no point in extending the deal or adding more safeguards.
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia continues to make major military trade deals with the United States.
Iranians have been reluctant to accept any arms limitation that does not also apply to the Saudis. The Saudis, not surprisingly, have been similarly reluctant — and should Iran ever seek a nuclear weapon, the Crown Prince Mohammed said last month, then their country would too.
April 10 Citi Trends Inc -
* Announces expanded capital return program
* Expects to return approximately $30 million to stockholders over next 12 months
* Increases quarterly dividend by 33.3%
* Authorizes $25 million share repurchase program
* Authorizes $25 million share repurchase program
* A 33.3% increase in its quarterly dividend, from $0.06 to $0.08
* Company expects to fund new share repurchases from cash on hand
* Increase to quarterly dividend will begin with q2 dividend to be paid to stockholders in June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kevin saves humanity… and lands on the wrong side of the law in the process?
In TVLine's exclusive video from next Tuesday's Kevin (Probably) Saves the World (ABC, 10/9c), Jason Ritter's titular hero sets out to build up their spiritual power with acts of kindness, like helping local brewer Jake Gilmore (Being Human‘s Sam Huntington). But the man claims not to have any troubles, which only makes Kevin even more determined in their quest as they rattle off a laundry list of potential problems: “Are you married? Maybe there are some relationship issues? Ooh, there could be a dead relative that you haven't gotten over. Credit-card debt? Drug addition? Gambling addiction?”
“Something is wrong with you,” Kevin exclaims as Jake tries to remove themselves from the awkward situation. “Bullying? Body issues? Gluttony? You waste food? Laziness? You waste water? Lust? You waste electricity? Jealousy! You have a secret child?”
When J. August Richards' Deputy Nate Purcell enters the bar, Kevin adds, “You have trouble with the law?” Actually, Kevin, now you do.
Press PLAY above to watch the sneak peek, then hit the comments with your thoughts on Kevin's efforts.
Friendship never ends!
Published 11:39 AM, February 03, 2018
LONDON, United Kingdom – The Spice Girls got back together on Friday for the first time since 2012 and announced plans to explore "incredible new opportunities" in the future.
The British 1990s pop phenomenon – Victoria Beckham, Melanie Brown, Emma Bunton, Melanie Chisholm and Geri Horner – reunited at Horner's house north of London, along with their former manager Simon Fuller.
The best-selling female group ever released photographs of the gathering.
"We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching up and reminiscing about the amazing times we have spent together," they said in a statement via their publicist.
"We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls.
"The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.
"We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of feminine empowerment for future generations."
On their social media accounts, Bunton promised the "future is looking spicy," while Horner said Girl Power was "alive and well."
The girl group has sold 85 million albums worldwide.
Only two of their 11 singles failed to reach number one on the British charts, while their first 3 singles all hit the US top five.
The Sun newspaper reported that they were considering television projects in China, a new TV talent show, endorsement deals and a compilation album celebrating their greatest hits.
The 5-piece, which formed in 1994, split in 2000 but reunited for a world tour in 2007-2008.
They got together again to perform at the London 2012 Olympics closing ceremony and were last all in the same room later that year for the launch of the Spice Girls musical Viva Forever!.
An expected comeback in 2016 with Brown, Bunton, and Horner failed to materialize. – Rappler.com
MIAMI (AP) — Adam Gase has yet to overtake the New England Patriots because they have yet to beat them.
Or even come close.
The Miami Dolphins' second-year coach is 0-3 against the Patriots and faces them again Monday night. Gase has trailed 24-3, 20-7 and 21-10 at halftime against New England, including two weeks ago when the Patriots won 35-17.
And so the yawning gap between New England (10-2) and the rest of the AFC East persists. The Patriots are on the verge of clinching their ninth consecutive division title, with three weeks of the regular season still to go.
The Dolphins (5-7) will likely sit out the playoffs for the 14th time in the past 16 years.
The divide with New England is such that Miami is an 11-point underdog at home, even though the Patriots will be without tight end Rob Gronkowski, who is serving a one-game suspension for a late hit to the head of Buffalo Bills defensive back Tre'Davious White.
The Dolphins hired Gase with the goal of passing the Patriots, and they gained ground in the standings as a rookie coach last season, when Miami won 10 games and reached the playoffs as a wild-card team.
But the Dolphins regressed this season, and were knocked out of postseason contention with a winless November that included their ninth consecutive defeat in Foxborough.
Gase is the Dolphins' eighth coach since New England hired Bill Belichick in 2000. Now Gase is in danger of becoming the first Miami coach to lose their first four meetings with the Patriots.
In three games against New England, Gase's Dolphins have been outscored 101-55.
“We've started slow in all three games,” Gase said. “It's really hard to challenge them the way you need to challenge them if you're down 21, 14, 20 before you even get going. They're a hard enough team to play when it's close.”
While the Patriots are coasting to another division title, no team is better at avoiding a letup, and Belichick predicted the rematch with Miami will play out differently than the first meeting.
“It's not a continuation of last week's game,” Belichick said. “It's starting all over again, and that's what we have to be ready to do.”
Motivation won't be an issue, Patriots cornerback Devin McCourtry said.
“It's going to be chippy,” they said. “You get into December, no one wants to lose anymore. Everyone wants to win games and build and get better.”
The Patriots easily beat Miami last month despite not playing very well. A botched snap gave the Dolphins a touchdown, and Tom Brady threw a rare interception.
But a 14-0 deficit after 10 minutes doomed the Dolphins, and their habit of starting slowly will be tough to break. They've been outscored 158-76 in the first half, and last week's win against Denver was the first time all season the Dolphins led to start the fourth quarter.
Even if the Dolphins play better early, they'll need to hold onto the ball. They've committed nine turnovers in their past three games against New England.
“You can't give them free possessions, and you've got to make every one count,” Gase said. “You can't turn the ball over and give a guy like Tom Brady an extra possession.”
While Gase is virtually assured of returning for a third season with Miami, there could be a significant shakeup among their assistants if the Dolphins don't finish well.
Gase's record is only 15-14, but he's 9-4 at home. And Brady has played some of their worst games in Miami, where the Patriots lost three seasons in a row through 2015.
“We're in a northern environment; they're in a southern environment,” Brady said. “I think it's hard for them to come up here; I think it's challenging for us to go down there. And that's just the way it has always been.”
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Steven Wine on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Steve_Wine.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
April 21 Landmark White Ltd
* Announces rights offer of new fully paid ordinary shares in company (new shares), at $0.60 per new share raising approximately $10.5 million
* Announces private placement to raise approximately $10 million
* Funds raised under offers will be used to fund cash purchase price for acquisition of MVS of $16 million, costs of offers and additional capital for further investment
* Rights issue and placement will be managed by Enrizen Capital Pty Ltd. Enrizen has agreed to underwrite rights issue to $5 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of people to Kenya's Ol Pejeta Conservancy
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of people to Kenya's Ol Pejeta Conservancy
Researchers say the world's last male northern white rhinoceros, Sudan, has died after "age-related complications".
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanised on Monday after their condition "worsened significantly" and they were no longer able to stand.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction with the help of the two surviving females.
"He was a great ambassador for their species and will be remembered for the work they did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity," said the conservancy's CEO, Richard Vigne.
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of visitors.
Ill health will force Essendon great Michael Long to miss this year's Long Walk to the Dreamtime at the 'G game during the AFL's indigenous round.
Long on Thursday said they were unable to make the trip to Melbourne but hoped indigenous and non-indigenous Australians would still get behind the event.
Former Essendon indigenous players Gavin Wanganeen, Derek Kickett and Che Cockatoo-Collins will lead the walk in Long's absence, accompanied by federal politicians and the AFL's chief executive Gillon McLachlan and chairperson Richard Goyder.
"I am disappointed I can't be there in person but the Long Walk is not about me, it's about continuing the conversation about how we can improve the everyday lives, education and health outcomes for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples," Long said in a statement.
"The amount of indigenous and non-indigenous leaders, football fans and members of the community who have committed to walking together on Saturday night will be really powerful, and demonstrates we are heading in the right direction as a nation."
Long sought to put Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander issues on the national agenda by walking from Melbourne to Canberra in 2004 to meet then-prime minister John Howard.
It is now an annual event, with the walk taking people from Melbourne's Federation Square to the MCG for the Dreamtime clash.
Markus Soeder, Governor of the German state of Bavaria, hangs up a cross at the entrance of the state chancellery in Munich, Germany, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Peter Kneffel/dpa via AP)
Markus Soeder, Governor of the German state of Bavaria, hangs up a cross at the entrance of the state chancellery in Munich, Germany, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Peter Kneffel/dpa via AP)
BERLIN (AP) - Bavaria's conservative government is ordering Christian crosses to be placed at the entrance of all state administrative buildings.
The regional government says the crosses shouldn't be seen as religious symbols, but are meant to reflect the southern German state's "cultural identity and Christian-western influence."
German news agency dpa reported that Tuesday's decree won't affect municipal and federal government buildings in Bavaria.
Crosses are already compulsory in public schools and courtrooms in predominantly Catholic Bavaria.
The governing Christian Social Union - the Bavaria-only wing of Chancellor Angela Merkel's party - is hoping to avoid losing its state majority to Alternative for Germany, a party on the right whose anti-Muslim campaigns have struck a chord with some German voters.
A memo alleging the FBI abused its surveillance authority became public on Friday after a push by House Republicans. President Trump authorized the memo's release, even after the FBI expressed "grave concerns" about the "accuracy" of the document, authored by House intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif.
NPR journalists who cover the Justice Department, the White House and national security have annotated the White House's authorization letter and the memo itself.
Quantico is losing more than just its showrunner.
TVLine has confirmed that original cast member Yasmine Al Massri — who has played twin FBI recruits Nimah and Raina on the ABC drama for two seasons — will not be returning for Season 3.
RELATED2017 Renewal Scorecard: What's Coming Back? What's Getting Cancelled? What's on the Bubble?
The actor announced their departure on social media earlier this week.
Thank u for your love and support from all around the world that made Nima and Reina one of the fans favorite characters on #quantico #quanticoabc #nimareina #twins .. time to say good bye 👋 A post shared by Yasmine Al Massri (@jazmasri) on Jun 9, 2017 at 3:42pm PDT
As previously reported, Quantico creator Joshua Safran has stepped down as showrunner, although they will stay on as a consultant. “I will be consulting with the show moving forward, but I will not be with the show on a day-to-day level,” Safran told TVLine. “I love the show, so I'll be making sure it stays what it is.”
A new showrunner has not been named.
Despite anemic ratings, Quantico was renewed last month for a third season, which is slated to launch in early 2018.
What say you, Quantico fans? Will you miss Nimah and Raina? Do you have concerns about what this portends for Season 3? Weigh in below!
Fans of the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame group THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND will be excited to hear Peach Picks: Cream Of The Crop 2003, a collection of the best performances culled from six shows in July and August 2003. Set for release May 16 via the band's Peach Records (Orchard distribution), the collection includes 36 tracks recorded between July 25 and August 10, 2003 in Indianapolis, Pittsburgh, Darien Center, NY, Hartford, Charlotte and Raleigh, with no song repeated.
The ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND formed in 1969 and quickly became one of the most popular live bands in American rock music history, selling millions of records along the way. Hailed for their live improvisation and marathon performances, the group released the At Fillmore East album in 1971, and it's still hailed as one of the best live albums ever. The group played its last live performance October 28, 2014, at New York's Beacon Theatre.
The 2003 iteration of the ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND–founding members GREGG ALLMAN, JAIMOE and BUTCH TRUCKS plus WARREN HAYNES, MARC QUINONES, OTEIL BURBRIDGE and DEREK TRUCKS–would prove to be the longest-running line-up and most consistent in its live performances. The band had just released their first album in 10 years , the Grammy-nominated Hittin' The Noteand were in top shape. Guest musicians on four Cream Of The Crop 2003 songs include Susan Tedeschi, Karl Denson and Branford Marsalis.
Continuing the tradition of providing quality content for fans, Peach Picks: Cream Of The Crop 2003 will be available in an array of configurations. The full curated four-CD set will be offered, both physically and digitally. Each of the full six concerts will also be available for completists, and this marks the first time any of this music has been made available digitally.
Recorded for the then-nascent “Instant Live” CD series (fans picked up copies of the concert immediately after the show as they were being burned on CD), these shows capture the group at full throttle. For this collection, Warren Haynes serves as Supervising Producer, longtime manager Bert Holman as Executive Producer, with Bill Levenson and John Lynskey as Associate Producers. Haynes says, “That was an important time in the growth of that incarnation of the ABB. We had just released Hittin' The Note and everybody was psyched to be playing a lot of new material from an album we all were very proud of and there was new life being breathed into a lot of the older songs.” “Warren was asked to oversee this release because they have a keen ear, a great memory for individual show performances and is a master at song sequencing,” says Holman. “The entire process went very well; we were all on the same page about what song should be included and in what order, and everybody in the band agreed with the final choices.”
Cream Of The Crop, like many Allman Brothers Band releases before, is dedicated to a recently lost Brother. This one is in honor of Gregg Allman 1947-2017.
Cream Of The Crop 2003 track list:
Disc One
1) Don't Want You No More
2) It's Not My Cross To Bear
3) Black Hearted Woman
4) Rocking Horse
5) Hot ‘Lanta
6) Old Before My Time
7) Come And Go Blues
8) Woman Across The River
9) Desdemona
10) The High Cost Of Low Living
11) Hoochie Coochie Man
12) Revival
Disc Two
1) Trouble No More
2) Midnight Rider
3) You Don't Love Me
4) Who To Believe
5) Stormy Monday
6) Good Morning Little Schoolgirl
7) In Memory Of Elizabeth Reed
Disc Three
1) Ain't Wastin' Time No More
2) Worried Down With The Blues
3) Statesboro Blues
4) Stand Back
5) Melissa
6) Mountain Jam
7) Layla
Disc Four
1) Don't Keep Me Wonderin'
2) Done Somebody Wrong
3) Gambler's Roll
4) Soulshine
5) Who's Been Talking
6) Don't Think Twice, It's Alright
7) Wasted Words
8) Dreams
9) Whipping Post
10) One Way Out
Wichita police say two police officers are on administrative leave pending the outcome of internal and criminal investigations.
The department released no details other than saying it possibly involves misconduct and the move was prompted by another agency's criminal probe.
The Wichita Eagle reported Tuesday that some 2015 phone calls of former state Sen. Michael O'Donnell, now a Sedgwick County commissioner, were intercepted by investigators.
The paper says two former employees were sent letters by the Justice Department saying their calls with them had been intercepted.
O'Donnell did not respond to a message seeking comment.
Wichita business person Brandon Steven told the paper they are the subject of an inquiry into poker and efforts to open a casino.
Federal officials notified several parties that call with them also were intercepted.
July 4 (UPI) -- Indianapolis Colts guard Quenton Nelson and New York Giants running back Saquon Barkley are the highest-rated rookies on Madden NFL 19.
The Electronic Arts video game announced the ratings for the 2018 rookie class on Tuesday. Nelson is an 83 overall. The 6-foot-5, 325-pound offensive lineman has a 97 strength rating, only outdone in the game by Ndamukong Suh. Nelson also has an 85 rating as a run blocker and an 82 as a pass blocker.
Barkley is an 82 overall. They have 92 speed and 93 acceleration. The Penn State product also has an 83 trucking rating, 83 stiff arms, 86 spin and 91 juke. Barkley is the second-highest rated rookie in the game.
Baker Mayfield, the No. 1 overall pick in the 2018 NFL Draft, received an 81 ranking. Chicago Bears linebacker Roquan Smith joined the Cleveland Browns quarterback as the third-highest rated rookies in the game. Mayfield's attributes include 81 speed, 88 throws on the run, accuracy in the 80s in accuracy and 95 throw power.
Smith received an 88 tackle rating and 87 hit power. They also have 89 speed, 91 acceleration, 88 agility, 89 pursuit and 80 in zone coverage.
Denver Broncos defensive end Bradley Chubb rounds out the Top 5 rated rookies. They received an 80 overall. Chub sports an 83 speed, 91 strength and an 85 finesse move.
After Mayfield, Lamar Jackson, Josh Rosen, Sam Darnold and Josh Allen round out the Top 5 rated rookie quarterbacks. Jackson's 91 speed makes them the fastest quarterback in the game. They also have a 93 ball carrier vision, 86 spin, 89 juke and 94 throw power. Allen ranks as the strongest passer in the game with 99 throw power.
Derrius Guice, Ronald Jones II, Sony Michel and Nick Chubb rank in the Top 5 for rookie running backs. Jones' 93 speed is the highest among rookie running backs. Chubb's 85 strength is the highest among rookie rushers.
Carolina Panthers pass catcher D.J. Moore is the highest-rated rookie wide receiver in the game at 77 overall. Calvin Ridley, Dante Pettis, Courtland Sutton and Anthony Miller round out the Top 5 rookie wide receivers. Ridley's 93 speed ties them with Jones and is the fastest among rookie wide receivers.
Derwin James, Denzel Ward and Vita Vea join Smith and Chubb in the Top 5 for highest rating among rookie defenders. James' 90 hit power is the best among rookies. Ward has 95 speed and 95 agility. Vea has a 97 strength rating.
Madden NFL 19 released the top-rated players in the game on June 27. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, Los Angeles Chargers defensive tackle Aaron Donald, Denver Broncos star Von Miller, Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers, Carolina Panthers linebacker Luke Kuechly, Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown and New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski each received 99 overall ratings.
Madden NFL 19 is set for an Aug. 10 release date.
The Time Machine – with Vin Maharaj
11th December 2017
A weekly visit back to the music of a selected year from, but not limited to, the 80's & 90's. Every show features an eclectic mix of music exclusively from a named selected year, along with related music and pop culture titbits. This week we go back to 19??.
"I think everyone in the league sort of envies their success to some extent, and rightfully so," said Philadelphia Eagles coach Doug Pederson, whose team will try to take down the Patriots this time around. "They've been there, done that many times, and that's something that every other team would love to have."
Those who focus solely on this Groundhog Day-like moment miss the bigger picture.
It all began way back in 2001, just days after the horror of 9-11, when Brady took over as quarterback for longtime starter Drew Bledsoe, who went down with an injury after signing a 10-year contract extension.
With their unheralded, sixth-round draft pick leading the way, the Patriots went on to capture the first of what has grown to five Super Bowl titles.
But, in a sense, those crowns are merely the toppers on an enormous cake.
More impressive in our eyes are the 17 straight winning seasons, only one with fewer than 10 victories. More impressive are the 15 AFC East championships, including the current run of nine in a row. More impressive are the 12 appearances — and eight triumphs — in the AFC championship game. More impressive is staying on top with an ever-changing cast of characters, accumulated through all manner of signings, trades and late-round draft picks.
Ever changing, that is, except for Belichick's singularly focused coaching genius and the 40-year-old Brady's age-defying excellence on the field.
For those looking for a respite, don't count on it anytime soon. Even that scathing ESPN article, which alleged a major rift between Belichick and Brady (and was quickly denied by all), sounded a bit like wishful thinking.
Asked if he's thought about how long they want to coach, Belichick gave a typical response.
"My focus is on Sunday," the 65-year-old droned. "That's my window right now."
Brady was downright defiant about their desire to keep playing.
"Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?" they said. "I don't get it. I'm having fun. The team's doing good. I know I'm a little bit older than most of the other guys, but I'm really enjoying it."
Of course, there are those that will say the Patriots cheated their way to the top, and there's no denying they claimed a virtual monopoly on "gates" with accusations of spying on opponents and deflating footballs.
And, sure, they've carried themselves with all the smugness of a team that knows it's better than everyone else. For instance, their most recent championship rings came with 283 diamonds, a karated commemoration of New England's historic comeback from a 28-3 deficit in last year's Super Bowl.
Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank, whose team was on the wrong end of that comeback, was not amused by the not-so-subtle jab. In August, they confronted their New England counterpart, Robert Kraft.
"I said to Robert, 'You didn't have to do the 28-3 in the ring,'" Blank said in a New York Times Magazine article chronicling the 2016 season. "It kind of (ticked) me off."
The Falcons won't get a chance at revenge. Not this year, at least.
They were eliminated on the second weekend of the playoffs by the Eagles.
The Patriots, to no one's surprise, are back again.
Yeah, it's getting a little old.
But, before you flip the channel Sunday, take a moment to savour the greatness.
___
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at pnewberry@ap.org or at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
It sells a variety of funnel cakes and toppings, from the traditional with powdered sugar to strawberries and cream, peanut butter s'mores or salted caramel. Savory options include the Southwestern taco, with seasoned ground beef, lettuce and cheese, and the red curry pulled pork, with cream vinegar apple and cabbage slaw. Prices range from $5.99 to $8.99.
Egan said the truck eventually hopes to start serving breakfast with bacon and eggs or fried chicken — à la chicken and waffles. "Versatility is one of the reasons we selected funnel cakes," they said.
The truck parks at various places across the Wasatch Front, from downtown Salt Lake City and West Valley City to Midvale and Provo. Find the schedule at facebook.com/OtherSideFoodTruck/ .
Customers like Matt Bingham, who works in Provo, are drawn to the truck when they smell the aroma of deep-fried dough wafting from its small kitchen. But they return to support the students.
"After I heard the story behind the food truck, it made me prone to come out again," Bingham said last week. "I like supporting a good cause. And getting good food out of it is an added bonus."
The Food Truck is one of four revenue-generating businesses — along with a moving service, window cleaning and lawn care — that The Other Side Academy operates to cover program expenses. The school, in the historic Armstrong Mansion at 667 E. 100 South in downtown Salt Lake City, receives no state or federal dollars. Students pay nothing if they are willing to make a minimum two-year commitment to education and personal change.
"We're looking for people who are desperate to save their lives and want to change," Egan said. "It can't be a parent or friend asking. It has to be the person saying 'I need help.' "
The Other Side Academy, which opened in 2015, currently has 60 students — 47 men and 13 women. The most tenured student has been with the program 18 months, so the first official graduation will take place later this year.
For 33-year-old Guy, The Other Side Academy represents "my ninth or 10th chance." (The Other Side asked that students' last names be withheld.) A drug addict, they have been in and out of jail and recovery programs numerous times. "I actually did really well in rehab and would complete the programs," they said. Inevitably, though, they would relapse."I wanted something different, but didn't know how to do it."
They expected change to be this "big thing" but has learned "it's just living day to day and getting support from my peers," they said.
Working on the food truck gives them a chance to interact with the public and share their experiences. "The food is excellent," they said. "But the story that goes along with it is what sets us apart."
The Other Side Academy is modeled after the successful Delancey Street Foundation, a program in various U.S. cities including San Francisco, Los Angles and New York. In both programs, student live in dorm-style rooms and share a common kitchen and dining room. The Other Side staff, who are all graduates and former leaders of Delancey, also live on site 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
A typical day starts at 6 a.m. with meetings and breakfast. Teams work until lunch, followed by a daily seminar, and then back to work until 5 p.m. After dinner, many works on finishing their high-school diplomas or GED certificates or they attend group sessions to work on issues that arise during the workday. Lights are out by 11 p.m.
"Throughout the day, the real person comes out. One of us hears it or sees it and we will call you out," said Egan, who went through the Delancey program. But then the next day, "you go back and try again."
During the first few months at The Other Side Academy, student jobs include cleaning and maintaining the facility and serving meals to the other participants. When ready, they graduate to the next phase, where they can work in one of the vocation programs.
The Syrian opposition wants face-to-face negotiations with the government about a political transition at peace talks that are due to begin in Geneva next week, a leading Syrian opposition politician said on Wednesday.
Salim al-Muslit, spokesperson for the High Negotiations Committee (HNC), said there could be no role for President Bashar al-Assad in the transition, saying “the heavy price paid by the Syrian people” would have been wasted if they remained.
Muslit also said the HNC had yet to receive an agenda for the negotiations that are due to begin on Feb 23 after initial consultations beginning on Feb 20. They said the negotiations should start with discussion of the transition.
“We want direct negotiations, we want to save time, we want a quick end to the suffering of the Syrian people,” they said.
“We now want to get into the essence of the political process – the discussion of the political transition – and what the Geneva 1 communique stipulated about the formation of a transitional body with full powers,” they said.
They were referring to the Geneva communique of 2012 calling for the establishment of a transitional governing body with full executive powers that could include members of the present government, the opposition, and other groups. The communique said it should be formed on the basis of mutual consent.
The HNC, which includes rebel groups and political opponents of Assad, has named a 22-member delegation to the Geneva talks.
Diplomacy has repeatedly failed to make any headway towards ending the war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people.
The latest diplomacy effort was launched with Russian and Turkish support after government forces, helped by the Russian air force and Iranian-backed militia, defeated rebels in eastern Aleppo in December – their biggest setback of the war.
Washington Redskins safety DeAngelo Hall agreed to restructure their contract and take a pay cut to return to the team for a 14th NFL season.
The 33-year-old Hall was set to make $4.25 million as a base salary in 2017 and had a salary cap hit of $5.1 million.  They are recovering from a torn ACL and may not be able to participate in training camp.
Hall told reporters at the Redskins' facility on Wednesday that they agreed to the pay cut this week. They did not share the details of the new deal, but the Washington Post reported that their salary will decrease to $2.3 million, with a $500,000 bonus if they make the Pro Bowl.
"I'm surprised it hasn't broke yet," Hall said of their contract. "I'll let them leak all the details. But yeah, we did work something out."
In 2016, Hall was lost to a season-ending torn ACL suffered against the New York Giants in Week 3. They have 43 career interceptions.
Hall joined the Redskins as a free agent in 2008 and initially was a cornerback before switching to safety during the 2015 season.
"I've always been a guy who felt like when it's my time to go, it's my time to go," Hall told reporters. "If I can't go out and play, they're not going to keep me around for my smile.
"When I can't do what they're asking me to do, I'll be out of here. But they still feel like I can play. I still feel like I can play."
Hall said they will not rush back for training camp.
"I feel pretty good, and I'm able to do lots of things, but I'm just taking it slow," Hall said. "I want to make sure I'm able to play Week 17 instead of Week 1."
Redskins coach Jay Gruden said they welcomed Hall's return.
"He's kind of been a mainstay here," Gruden said. "He kind of keeps the boat from sinking from time to time. There are some volatile people in that defensive back room from time to time, and he's a calming guy. Hopefully we'll be able to get them back at a later date."
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
By CHRISTINA A. CASSIDY and DAVID A. LIEB
Associated Press
An Arizona lawmaker who repeatedly harassed women has become the first since the swell of the #MeToo movement to get kicked out of office by colleagues but likely will not be the last to face repercussions amid intensifying scrutiny of sexual misconduct in state legislatures.
The heightened focus on harassment and misconduct has led to growing calls for change in a year that already has seen an unusually large number of women expressing interest in running for office.
"This conduct perpetuates the good-old-boys culture all too familiar to women in workplaces across the nation," said Ohio state Rep. Teresa Fedor, one of several female Democratic lawmakers who called this week for the resignation of Republican Rep. Bill Seitz because of offense remarks. "Women and men deserve better, not more of the same tired excuses. It's time for a change."
With their expulsion on Thursday, Arizona Rep. Don Shooter became the 15th state lawmaker to leave office since the start of 2017 (the others resigned) after being accused of sexual misconduct. About 20 others have faced lesser consequences, ranging from forced apologies to suspensions to the loss of powerful leadership posts, according to a state-by-state review by The Associated Press.
Sexual harassment investigations are ongoing against other state lawmakers, including in California, Hawaii, Kentucky and Oregon. On Friday, the Democratic leaders of the California Assembly and Senate released records that show four current lawmakers have faced such complaints since 2006, although none was formally disciplined. They include a 2017 allegation against a female lawmaker, Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke, who later took responsibility for engaging in sexually charged banter.
The issue is already beginning to resonate in election campaigns. Women have stepped forward as candidates in five of the eight upcoming elections across the nation to replace lawmakers who resigned amid sexual misconduct allegations.
In California, a former legislative staffer who says they were aware that a co-worker was being sexually harassed is now running for the lawmaker's seat. The alleged incident happened years ago when former Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra was serving as chief of staff for another lawmaker. Bocanegra resigned in November amid multiple allegations.
Yolie Anguiano said they decided to run for Bocanegra's seat in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley after the allegations surfaced and that they regret not speaking up at the time about what they knew. Anguiano said they were fearful of retaliation and believes electing more women is critical to addressing issues such as health care and education.
"I want to have that seat at the table to bring up these policy issues but also to hold those folks who are hurting other people, whether they are men and women, to hold them accountable," they said.
In Oklahoma, Amber Jensen, a Democrat who represents a rural part of the state, is running to replace former state Sen. Bryce Marlatt, who resigned in September after being charged with sexual battery stemming from an incident with an Uber driver. Jensen said they attended last year's women's march in Oklahoma City and was inspired to see so many women stepping forward.
"I feel like a woman's voice is missing from the very conversations that affect all women," Jensen said. "I am tired of men making decisions for women."
In what could be a historic election, many women have said they plan to run for office this year for the first time at all levels of government, from statehouses to Congress. That is driven largely by Democratic frustration over the election of President Donald Trump, but the #MeToo movement also is playing a role.
Experts say lawmaker resignations and retirements can provide an opportunity for women, because it's easier for a political newcomer to be competitive in an open seat rather than challenging an incumbent with name recognition and a stockpile of campaign cash.
"When the issue is sexual harassment and men behaving very badly, it also opens up a window for a woman candidate," said Debbie Walsh, who leads the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University. "Whether it's true or not, women are perceived to be more ethical and honest and far less likely to behave in the manner that these lawmakers did."
Some men also are citing accusations of sexual misconduct against male lawmakers as part of their impetus for mounting electoral challenges this year.
Brian Kent Strow, an economics professor at Western Kentucky University, said they were frustrated when negotiations to fix the state's multi-billion public pension debt fell apart last fall following reports that four Republican lawmakers had secretly signed a sexual harassment settlement. One of those lawmakers was Rep. Michael Meredith, Strow's representative and someone they had voted for in the past.
When the daughter of one of Meredith's Republican colleagues subsequently accused the lawmaker of sending their inappropriate Facebook messages, Strow decided to challenge Meredith in the Republican primary.
"That made me upset, that the real business of the state would get sidetracked because people were misbehaving personally," said Strow, adding: "I had basically had enough."
Meredith declined to comment Friday about the accusations or their re-election bid.
___
Associated Press writers Adam Beam in Frankfort, Kentucky, Bob Christie in Phoenix and Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
___
An earlier version of this report had an incorrect spelling of Amber Jensen's last name.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The US is reportedly continuing its military buildup in Syria. Local online news portal the Euphrates Post has published video evidence showing what appear to be two US Coalition Blackhawk helicopters consolidating the US presence in an oil-rich area in Deir ez-Zor province.
According to the resource, a new US Coalition base is being built in the area east of the city of Mejadin, near al-Omar, Syria's largest oil field.
E-P-NEWS
DIER EZZOR
Eastern countryside
Video shows the landing of two helicopters of the International Coalition forces in the field of ALOmar to replace the elements in the field periodically since days
youtube link:
https://t.co/0oixx7vTZv — فرات بوست (@EuphratesPost) 18 марта 2018 г.
Col (ret.) Alexander Zhilin, head of the Moscow-based Center for the Study of Applied Problems of National Security, said that there was an obvious trend for the Pentagon to create new facilities in and around Syria's largest oil and gas fields. Speaking to the Federal News Agency, the retired officer said this trend makes it clear that the US has no plans to leave Syria any time soon, and that their intervention has nothing to do with establishing order or fighting against terrorism.
"Over the space of several years, the US has deployed 25 military facilities in Syria, and are continuing to build new ones. In general, they try to act in such a way as to establish control of oil-rich areas and energy resources. At the same time, they don't believe they should be accountable to anyone," the analyst noted.
According to Zhilin, the US's role in Syria today is to subvert and destabilize the situation, via, for example, the creation of a new terrorist army to fight the Syrian military, or to stage a provocation in Eastern Ghouta using chlorine to allow US air power to strike against the Syrian army directly.
The US and its coalition allies began a campaign of airstrikes against Daesh* in 2014, following it up by the deployment of US forces into Syrian-Kurdish areas as the terrorists' so-called caliphate began to shrink. Damascus has criticized the US intervention, repeatedly pointing out that it was never invited into the country by the internationally recognized government of President Bashar Assad.
*A terrorist group banned in Russia.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- The worker who mistakenly sent a statewide false-alarm alert warning of an impending missile attack in Hawaii said they "thought 100 percent [the threat] was real."
The Hawaii emergency management worker, fired earlier this week after almost 12 years on the job, said they did not hear someone repeating the word "exercise" before the Jan. 14 drill because it wasn't played over a speaker, CNN reported.
Instead, they focused on the exercise's words, "this is not a drill," which came from a voice they didn't recognize.
"I did what I was trained to do," the worker told NBC News. Push notifications were sent to cell phones belonging to Hawaiian residents and alert messages were played on local television.
CNN and NBC News did not publish the man's name, citing security threats on their life.
Once they realized the exercise was a drill and not a real threat, the man said they "just wanted to crawl under a rock."
Scared citizens called their colleagues, they said. Emergency workers sent a clarifying push alert about 40 minutes after the initial alert, sent around 8 a.m. local time.
About two weeks later, the Federal Communications Commission said the worker who mistakenly sent the alert was not cooperating with an investigation looking into what went wrong. That probe determined they were confused by the exercise cautioning that it was "not a drill," as they said in the interviews with CNN and NBC News.
Hawaii emergency officials "counseled" the employee in question at least twice before for mistaking drills for real threats, according to an internal investigation.
The man questioned the validity of those reports from the state and FCC. Their attorney, Michael Green, said employees were ill-equipped to handle the drill.
"No one was ready for this day," Green said. "They were not ready and they were not programmed to do what they were supposed to do when this happened."
By
Clay County Detention Center will hold an Open House Thursday December 21 from 9 AM till 11 AM, 1 PM till 3 PM and 5 PM till 7 PM. Everyone must be cleared by metal sector and you can have no purses, cameras or cell phones. If you are under the age of 21 you must sign a waiver to enter secured areas. Refreshments will be served. For information call 606-598-2133.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Over the course of my 11-year career I played with hundreds of AFL players; some who left a small mark and others who made much more of an impact on both myself and the wider football community.
I call the latter ‘generational players', those select few who will be spoken about for decades after the dust has settled on their careers. In today's terms they are players like Nat Fyfe, Josh Kennedy, Lance ‘Buddy' Franklin, Luke Hodge, Gary Ablett or Sam Mitchell.
They are the players who still make me feel giddy, regardless of how strong my current relationship is with them. They are the players who made teammates feel like fans – I'm not ashamed to admit that when playing with them I could often be found staring up at the big screen from the middle of the ground, admiring the same replays as the punters in the crowd.
Most of all, generational players have the ability to throw an entire team on their back and carry the other 21 to the finish line. In simple terms – these players are the freaks of the game.
A significant portion of my career was spent at Hawthorn, playing through a purple patch alongside some of these players.
On Wednesday, one of them hung up the boots.
Camera Icon Cyril Rioli and Xavier Ellis. Picture: GSP Images
I first met the little master from the Tiwi Islands, Cyril ‘Junior' Rioli, in 2004. They were a boarder at Scotch College, and I was a boarder at Melbourne Grammar.
The history and rivalry between these two schools is as rich as any across the country, stemming from what was the first official game of Australian Rules in 1858.
I hated both Cyril and Scotch, and Cyril returned the venom with equal passion.
Our initial meeting, off the field at least, came the night after our first grudge match, both of us underage and determined to find a pub that wouldn't ask us for identification. A group from both schools found an establishment in Richmond and piled in accordingly.
Unfortunately, Cyril and I found ourselves at the back of the excited scrum, and the two of us were pulled aside for a ‘random' ID check. At this stage, I was 65kgs and deathly pale, and Cyril (not looking a day over 15) was sporting a moustache with about six hairs, which looked horrible at best. The bouncer wasted no time denying us both entry, so off we wandered into the freezing Melbourne winter, having met mere minutes earlier.
The two of us sneaked into a pub a little further down the road, enjoying a couple of bourbons and chatting a bit before taking off in separate directions to find where our mates had ended up, not knowing when or if our paths would cross again.
But a few short years (and a Melbourne Grammar thrashing at the hands of Cyril) later, we both found ourselves at the Hawthorn Football Club. Initially I was annoyed that we drafted Junior, as Scott Selwood was still on the board and I was close friends with their brother Joel.
This sentiment didn't last long, and equally, it didn't take Junior long to settle into the hustle and bustle of the AFL. Partly because they had spent years in Melbourne for high school, and partly because they were just really bloody good.
It is extremely rare for a player to do what Cyril did in their first year; they played the entire season, all 25 games. I don't want to downplay others who playful seasons in their first year, but not many of these players play in a premiership year where everything is earned, and nothing is given.
Not only did Cyril play each match, but they were an extremely strong, consistent contributor. This culminated in a stellar performance on grand final day, including a memorable three-on-one victory on the wing which turned the game in our favour.
Like many in the AFL, Junior was blessed with natural ability. But where I think many commentators get it wrong is wholly attributing their brilliance to their natural talent and gifts - to do so is to discredit and devalue the time and effort they have put into their craft and mastering their skills. The hours I saw them in the gym turning their body into a machine, or kicking footballs over and over until they pinpointed a target, should not be overlooked. Cyril's commitment, dedication and work ethic was second to none.
Off the field, the affable kid from the Tiwi Islands and I built a pretty strong friendship. Some of my fondest memories of 2008 involve waking on many a Sunday morning at my apartment in East Melbourne to find a small indigenous lad curled up on my couch.
It didn't take Junior long to settle into the hustle and bustle of the AFL. Partly because they had spent years in Melbourne for high school, and partly because they were just really bloody good.
Of course I was always happy for my little mate to let themselves into my place whenever they wanted, but what was strange about these occasions was that my apartment was on the second level of the apartment block. In the dead of the night, Junior would somehow scale up a wall, onto my veranda, through my window and onto the couch like Spider-Man. All to save themselves the taxi fare out to Glen Waverley.
But while there was always a fair amount of fun to be had with Cyril as youngsters, these good times were nothing to the fun they provided on field. Their amazing ability to have us all marvelling at their skill, speed, evasiveness, pressure and competitive nature was unparalleled.
Like others watching them play, there were the rare occasions that I'd find myself thinking “gee, Junior has been quiet today”. But no sooner would these thoughts enter my mind, then Junior would flip a game on its head, kicking goal of the year or mowing someone down from behind.
Cyril will always have their detractors due to low possession averages and occasional quiet patches, but they are like Nic Nat – a completely unique player. Possessions are meaningless for certain players - it's the uncertainty they place in the minds of their opposition that does the greatest damage. It is immeasurable and hard to define - unless you have experienced being stalked by a lion or chased by a cheetah. The helpless feeling you'd have when you realised it was too late is very hard to articulate!
Camera Icon Cyril Rioli celebrates a goal in Hawthorn's grand final win over West Coast. Picture: Ian Munro/The West Australian
Champions recognise moments and seize them, whereas others (like myself) sit back and wait for champions to lead the way. Cyril recognised moments, and attacked. For WA footy fans, there can be no more pertinent an example of Cyril's brilliance than that of the 2015 grand final; they wounded us, and had West Coast on the ropes from the first bounce. No question about it, on that day Junior did not stop attacking; their Norm Smith Medal and fourth premiership were just reward for a champion performance.
I am very fortunate to have been able to call Junior Rioli a teammate and friend. They head home with four premierships, a Norm Smith and a highlights package which could stretch for days. They were a champion in every sense of the word, and brought joy to everyone lucky enough to have witnessed their brilliance.
Junior was a freak, and the game is worse off for theirs hanging up the boots. I know I speak for many when I say that their presence in the AFL will be deeply missed.
Xavier Ellis played 120 games in the AFL for Hawthorn and West Coast, including the 2008 premiership. They now co-host the hit 92.9 breakfast show and is a football columnist for PerthNow, where this piece was first published.
Andrew Rannells is taking you behind the scenes today as they prep for the Tony Awards on Sunday. Tune in on our Instagram Stories at 2 p.m. EST. (📷: Rudy Martinez)
(HealthDay News) -- Political change may be a source of stress and anxiety, research from the American Psychological Association confirms.
About 2 in 3 Americans say concern about the future of their country is a cause of significant stress. Moreover, 57 percent of Americans say they are stressed by the political environment.
The association suggests these strategies to manage stress in times of political change:
Stay informed, but recognize if you need to take a break from watching or reading political news.
Recognize similar beliefs with others, even if they do not fully share your viewpoints.
Get involved in your community.
Take care of yourself by eating properly and getting plenty of sleep.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
PARKLAND, Fla. (AP) - Authorities: Brother of teen charged in Florida school shooting has been arrested for trespassing at the same school.
BURNLEY, England, - BURNLEY 0 MANCHESTER UNITED 2
Wayne Rooney scored on their return to the Manchester United starting-line up as Jose Mourinho's side enjoyed a 2-0 win at Burnley in the Premier League on Sunday to close in on the top four.
The win moved United (63 points) to within a point of fourth-placed Manchester City ahead of the pair's derby clash on Thursday and extended United's unbeaten run in the Premier League to 23 matches.
After a week in which United lost top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Argentine defender Marcos Rojo to serious knee injuries, the return of Rooney to the side and to scoring form was much need tonic.
Mourinho said was delighted with the way their players responded after their extra-time win against Anderlecht in the Europa League on Thursday.
"They were all phenomenal. Collectively we were very good, very strong, we coped very well with their qualities and we explored some spaces that they could find.
"Eric (Bailly) and Paul (Pogba) were heroes after two hours on Thursday and the other boys brought fresh legs and fresh brains and an important victory," they added.
Rooney, who last started a game on March 4, was given the start for only the second time in 2017 with Mourinho opting to start with in-form 19-year-old Marcus Rashford on the bench.
The 31-year-old England international could have scored as early as the ninth minute when they had a close-range shot blocked by Ben Mee and Burnley keeper Tom Heaton was able to clear up.
Then Rooney was found on the left by Jesse Lingard but their lofted shot sailed just over the bar.
It was Rooney's French strike partner Anthony Martial who opened the scoring in the 21st minute, breaking decisively from midfield and then finishing in style after swift exchange with Ander Herrera.
The goal will reportedly activate a clause in Martial's contract where United must pay their former club Monaco around 8.5 million pounds ($10.89 million) when they reach 25 goals for the club.
Rooney then made it 2-0, with their 251st goal for United, in the 39th minute, reacting well to poke home from close-range after Heaton had uncharacteristically failed to hold on to a low shot from Martial.
Burnley had plenty of possession in the second half but were unable to create any real chances apart from a diagonal shot from substitute Dan Agyei in the final moments.
United, happy to manage the game, had come close to a third in the latter stages when Pogba fired just wide of Heaton's right-hand post after a strong run from midfield.
The result leaves the Clarets in 15th place, five points above the relegation zone with four games remaining and facing some pressure after Hull City and Swansea recorded wins on Saturday.
"There is still work to be done regardless," said manager Sean Dyche. "You can't expect to rely on others. We don't. We know we have four big games coming and we want to take on all four."
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Clare Fallon and Pritha Sarkar)
0 Uma Thurman accuses Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault
Uma Thurman says they were sexually assaulted by film producer Harvey Weinstein. They described Weinstein's actions in a New York Times interview published Saturday.
Thurman also had criticism for film direction Quentin Tarantino, who they said pressured them to film a dangerous scene in "Kill Bill" which has left them with permanent injuries.
>> Read more trending news
When asked in October about the sexual assault accusations many actores have levied at Weinstein, Thurman said they were waiting for their anger to abate before talking about it publicly.
Opinion: Uma Thurman is ready to talk about why she's angry. They tell Maureen Dowd about their experiences with Harvey Weinstein. https://t.co/ZzPMGA5TTj — The New York Times (@nytimes) February 3, 2018
In the New York Times interview, Thurman said they developed a professional relationship with Weinstein after the success of "Pulp Fiction." At the time, Weinstein was very supportive and instrumental in their career, Thurman said.
Thurman described two encounters with Weinstein that were inappropriate. The first encounter was in a Paris hotel room, where they put on a bathrobe and led them to a steam room. They were fully dressed and balked at joining him, and they ran out of the steam room, Thurman said.
The second encounter was in a London hotel room, where they say Weinstein attacked them and "did all kinds of unpleasant things." Thurman says Weinstein sent their flowers the next day, with a note that read, "You have great instincts."
Thurman told the New York Times they confronted Weinstein about the sexual assault, saying if they did the same thing to other women they would lose their career.
In a statement, Weinstein admitted to making a pass at Thurman but denied sexually assaulting them
Full statement from Harvey Weinstein regarding Uma Thurman's interview with @maureendowd saying Weinstein attacked them "Her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue. And this is the first time we have heard those details." pic.twitter.com/xu44HBIemj — Amber Jamieson (@ambiej) February 3, 2018
As for Tarantino, Thurman said they pressured them on the "Kill Bill" set into driving a car that was unsafe. They ended up wrecking and striking a tree. They suffered a concussion, a neck injury and severe damage to their knees. They say they had to fight Tarantino and Miramax for the footage of the accident. Thurman also accused Tarantino of participating in “sadistic” acts on the “Kill Bill” set that were to be performed by actor Michael Madsen.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
× Lycoming County SPCA Prepares for Kitten Season
WILLIAMSPORT — At 2 weeks old, a kitten named Sanders still needs help eating. According to their caregiver at the Lycoming County SPCA, the kitten eats a lot.
“Every two to three hours, they get a bottle,” said Malena Evans.
Evans works at the shelter in Williamsport and fosters animals until they're old enough to be adopted. During the spring, Evans tends to care for a few extra kittens.
“It's just that there are a lot of un-neutered and un-spayed cats out there that are running stray and this is definitely the season where it's warmer and spring is in the air,” said Evans.
Three kittens came in overnight, but the SPCA expects nearly two dozen more to be brought here by the end of next month.
They're expecting, and now SPCA volunteers and staff are preparing with a party. The SPCA's first kitten shower is set for this weekend.
“We're going to have cake and refreshments and do some games for the kids maybe some face painting,” said Amy Thompson.
Amy Thompson volunteers at the SPCA. She's planning the shower in hopes of stocking up on supplies and recruiting more foster families.
“I foster myself and I do know the fosters provide their own cat food, cat litter, things like that, but some of the fosters can't do that. It would be better if we had those supplies here to constantly be able to replenish those supplies,” said Thompson.
“It's amazing, it's going to be so much fun. The volunteers are incredible to come up with this idea for the kittens and they really deserve the help,” said Evans.
The kitten shower takes place from 10 to 4 on Saturday at the Lycoming County SPCA on Reach Road in Williamsport.
SPCA is asking for:
Following reports that February was the second hottest month, and before that January was the third hottest, since temperature record-keeping began in 1850, additional warnings have been released by the scientific community, which include recommendations on how to go about stopping, and potentially reversing, the process of global warming, as detailed by Climate Central.
The International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) has completed a paper published by Nature Communications documenting the necessary moves that must be implemented to stave off the threat of increasingly hot temperatures on the surface of the planet, a result of global warming brought about by human-induced climate change, according to Ecowatch.com.
Last year was the hottest year recorded and, while 2017 is on track to come close — due to the lingering effects of last year's El Niño — no one who understands the overwhelming data can dispute that the effects of unchecked global warming will have catastrophic consequences for humanity.
"If there is one thing the record of past climate events teaches us is that [current] unabated fossil fuel burning will have severe and long-lasting consequences," said Richard Zeebe, a paleoclimate researcher at the University of Hawaii, according to Climate Central.
Meteorological records detailing worldwide temperature averages dating back some 137 years have been brought into play by NASA, which reported Friday that March 2017 was 2.02°F (1.12°C) warmer than the average temperatures recorded in the period between 1951 and 1980, a close second place, behind only March 2016, which was 2.29°F (1.27°C) above average.
According to the IIASA study, the current level of atmospheric carbon dioxide, the gas creating the greenhouse effect increasing temperatures on Earth, is currently at unprecedented levels, and if not checked could reach levels not seen since core samples revealed similar figures some 50 million years ago. At those levels, according to the report, humanity would find existence difficult.
During that paleontological epoch, life on Earth was very different.
"The early Eocene was much warmer than today: global mean surface temperature was at least 10°C (18°F) warmer than today," said Dana Royer, a paleoclimate researcher at Wesleyan University and co-author of the new paper.
Atmospheric carbon dioxide has been on the increase since the dawn of the Industrial Revolution. Using late-18th century soil samples, scientists and climatologists measured carbon dioxide levels at the time averaging about 280 parts per million (ppl). Now, those same levels are at least 400 ppm, a statistical benchmark according to Scientific American, with the expectation of reaching 410 ppm in just the next few weeks.
Those numbers are not expected to decrease without some kind of intervening action on the part of humanity, in the form of a shift in the behavior of people, corporations and countries. Some of those actions are listed in the IIASA paper, entitled Pathways for Balancing CO2 Emissions and Sinks.
Among suggestions are a reduction of the global use of fossil fuel to less than 25 percent of the world's energy supply, down from its current lofty peak of 95 percent. Also recommended to decrease emissions is an increase of carbon sinks in the form of forests, especially by ending the practice of clearcutting.
Renewable energies, including solar, hydropower, wind, and bioenergy sources must also increase globally by at least five percent annually, for at least the next five years, according to the IIASA report.
Of the last 17 hottest recorded years on Earth, 16 have been in the 21st century, as recorded by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which has announced that it will release new global climate data April 19, expected to to parallel the recent NASA findings.
BRISTOL, Va. — It is always a good idea to double-check you are texting the right person, before hitting send on a message.
It is a lesson one Virginia woman learned the hard way after they accidentally sent text messages about a drug deal to a police officer, according to Bristol Police.
Chanin Y. Miller, 46, of Chesapeake, was arrested last week after they texted a Bristol Police officer in an attempt to sell Suboxone sublingual strips. The texts the officer received came from an unknown number and were simply signed – “babycakes.”
“[Miller] stated that they would be traveling from Virginia Beach to Kingsport the next day. On September 30, the conversation continued and ‘babycakes' agreed to meet Officer Lowe in Bristol, to complete the deal,” a Bristol Police spokesperson said.
Later, in a text, Miller said they were staying at a motel in Bristol and would meet them at Walmart.
“When they left their room and headed to Walmart, detectives with the Vice/Narcotics Unit performed a traffic stop on their vehicle,” police said. “A search of their vehicle was performed and they were found to be in possession of 58 Suboxone strips, with a current street value of $1160.”
Miller admitted they thought they had been texting with a friend the entire time, police said.
They were charged with possession of a Schedule III controlled substance with the intent to distribute and late released on a $2,000 bond.
The unofficial results are out for the recall election of three Homer City Council members, but it's too close to call until the vote is certified Friday afternoon.
The roughly 1,070 voters who showed up at the polls Tuesday voted in favor of keeping council members Donna Aderhold, Catriona Reynolds and David Lewis on the panel.
About 740 in-person absentee ballots were cast and another 80 were mailed out to absent voters.
Homer residents were nearly split on whether to recall Reynolds, who waited in the lobby of City Hall for the results.
The recall election was sparked over two resolutions the three council members crafted and sponsored.
Recall petitioners claimed that by crafting and sponsoring separate resolutions on the Dakota Access Pipeline and inclusivity, council members engaged in political activity and violated their oath of office.
Reynolds feels vindicated, they said, but acknowledges the results could flip once absentee votes are counted. They added it's been hard keeping their spirits up through the entire process.
“Having heart for it has been difficult during the last few months,” Reynolds said. “I think I'll feel better about that come the meeting on the 26.”
Aderhold obtained the most support with 54 percent of Tuesday's voters casting their ballots in their favor. They also refrained from predicting an outcome until the numbers are official, but says it will be a relief if they retain their seat.
“I will be pleased that the community understands that we were doing our jobs,” Aderhold said.
Lewis was on their way to join supporters shortly after hearing the news. About 53 percent of voters wanted them to remain on the council.
Lewis wishes the number of no votes were larger, but has hope absentee ballots will mirror the regular votes.
“It feels good. It's nice to hopefully have this whole thing over with and we can get back to ‘normal life,' whatever that's going to be now,” they said.
Supporters on both sides of the fence stood along Pioneer Avenue waving signs throughout the day.
The pro-recall political action committee, Heartbeat of Homer, maintained a strong presence downtown. The PAC's spokesperson Sarah Vance noted while the vote is close, they have confidence going into Friday.
“I think that Heartbeat has the early and absentee voters in their favor,” Vance said. “A lot of people who are working are out and wanted to get their votes in before they had to go out on the fishing fleet or go on vacation.”
Voter turnout could be about 39 percent, excluding ballots sent out electronically and via mail.
In the 2016 presidential election, turnout in Homer was at about 29 percent.
You could be tired of so many last-minute changes being made to your schedule. You might be best off looking the other way and considering the big picture. Consider doing some traveling to somewhere you have never been. Tonight: Be considerate of others' feelings.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
One-on-one relating points to some obstacles. A loved one might not agree with you about an expenditure. You could have a difficult discussion, or you can let the topic go for now. You might find a more appropriate time for this conversation later in the week. Tonight: Out late.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Others dominate the scene. You might feel pressured by a domestic matter that you can't seem to get past. Enjoy each person for what they or they offer. Do not feel intimidated by what anyone says. Recognize that you are transforming in your own way. Tonight: Say "yes."
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
You could be in the mood for an intense discussion; however, unexpected developments and a need for you to pitch in on a project might force you to postpone it for now. Know that this delay probably will be for the best. Tonight: Know when you are too tired to stay up late.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
Sometimes you just can't contain yourself. Though you might need to make an adjustment, you will show up at the right time at the right place. You have a lot on your mind, and might not want to share recent events. Perhaps you're simply in the mood to play. Tonight: Live it up.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You could feel unusually stressed out, to the point that you want to avoid a social gathering. You don't mind having the limelight on you, but you would prefer not to play the role of host or hostess. Adjust your plans accordingly and do what you must. Tonight: Let the good times roll.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Do not allow an uncomfortable feeling to dominate the moment. Relax with the moment, and let the issue go. You might find that those around you are so entertaining that you forget about whatever has been ailing you. Avoid getting stuck on one topic. Tonight: Swap jokes.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Keep reaching out to a loved one who seems to be going through a lot. You might not be able to handle all the pressure around you. Someone close to you becomes demanding. Understand your limitations with this person. Tonight: Treat a friend to some dinner and fun.
BORN TODAY: Playwright Neil Simon (1927), actor Gloria Stuart (1910), singer/songwriter Bill Withers (1938)
www.jacquelinebigar.com
Speech to Text for Sunday Night Weather Update
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
through the region tonight bringing with it cooler air. lows tonight will drop to the lower 70's. tomorrow highs will rise to the lower 90's. heat index values will rise above 100 degrees. there is a chance of afternoon thundershowers. tomorrow night the chance of rain will continue and temperatures will drop to the through the region tonight bringing with it cooler air. lows tonight will drop to the lower 70's. tomorrow highs will rise to the lower 90's. heat index values will rise above 100 degrees. there is a chance of afternoon thundershowers. tomorrow night the chance of rain will continue and temperatures will drop to the lower 70's with mostly cloudy skies. n-b-a free agency tipped off earlier this morning.. and through the region tonight bringing with it cooler air. lows tonight will drop to the lower 70's. tomorrow highs will rise to the lower 90's. heat index values will rise above 100 degrees. there is a chance of afternoon thundershowers. tomorrow night the chance of rain will continue and temperatures through the region tonight bringing with it cooler air. lows tonight will drop to the lower 70's. tomorrow highs will rise to the lower 90's. heat index values will rise above 100 degrees. there is a chance of afternoon thundershowers. tomorrow night the chance of rain through the region tonight bringing with it cooler air. lows tonight will drop to the lower 70's. tomorrow highs will rise to the lower 90's. heat index values will rise above 100 degrees. there is a chance of afternoon thundershowers. tomorrow night the chance of rain will continue and temperatures will drop to the lower 70's with mostly cloudy skies. n-b-a free agency tipped off earlier this morning.. and through the region tonight through the region tonight bringing with it cooler air. lows tonight will drop to the lower 70's. tomorrow highs will rise to the lower 90's. heat index values will rise above 100 degrees. there is a chance of afternoon thundershowers. tomorrow night the chance of rain will continue and temperatures will drop to the lower 70's with mostly cloudy skies. through the region tonight bringing with it cooler air. lows tonight will drop to the lower 70's. tomorrow highs will rise to the lower 90's. heat index values will rise above 100 degrees. there is a chance of afternoon thundershowers. tomorrow night the chance of rain through the region tonight bringing with it cooler air. lows tonight will drop to the lower 70's. tomorrow highs will rise to the lower 90's. heat index values will rise above 100 degrees. there is a chance of afternoon thundershowers. tomorrow night the chance of rain will continue
People sit together at the Arboretum after police confirmed they found the body of American college student Mark Dombroski in Hamilton, Bermuda, Monday, March 19, 2018. Dombroski, 19, a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia, disappeared early Sunday after a night of socializing at the end of an international rugby tournament. (Blaire Simmons/The Royal Gazette via AP)
People sit together at the Arboretum after police confirmed they found the body of American college student Mark Dombroski in Hamilton, Bermuda, Monday, March 19, 2018. Dombroski, 19, a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia, disappeared early Sunday after a night of socializing at the end of an international rugby tournament. (Blaire Simmons/The Royal Gazette via AP)
HAMILTON, Bermuda (AP) - The Latest on the American student reported missing in Bermuda (all times local):
6:20 p.m.
Police officials in Bermuda say the body of U.S. student Mark Dombroski was found at the base of a colonial era fort in the British Island territory.
Acting Assistant Commissioner James Howard says authorities have not determined a cause of death of the 19-year-old student from Media, Pennsylvania, and that forensic experts are still at the scene.
Howard says they have not ruled out foul play in the death.
They expressed their "heartfelt condolences to their family and friends" after an intensive search for local authorities, volunteers, and relatives of the student.
___
5:50 p.m.
Police officials in Bermuda are confirming that they have found the body of missing U.S. student Mark Dombroski.
Acting Assistant Commissioner James Howard of the Bermuda Police Services declined to provide certain details, include how authorities believe they may have died during a visit to the British Island territory.
The discovery of their body was announced at a news conference in the British island territory after a day of searching that involved members of the 19-year-old's family, volunteers and local authorities.
___
5:30 p.m.
A police spokesperson in Bermuda says authorities have found a body amid a search for a U.S. student who disappeared after a rugby tournament on the British island territory.
Spokesman Dwayne Caines did not disclose any details about the discovery and did not confirm that the body was that of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski.
The Bermuda Police Service said a news conference would be held later Monday.
Authorities and members of Dombroski's family had been searching Bermuda for the young man in a wooded area known as The Arboretum. It was near a sports center where Dombroski was competing as a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia.
They were last seen early Sunday after a night of socializing.
Jonathan Pitre had an unexpected surgery on Monday, according to their mother.
Tina Boileau posted on Facebook on Monday evening that their son had the surgery to have new lines inserted to help control a blood infection. Their last dose of chemotherapy was delayed until they were out of surgery, they wrote. The chemo is now complete, they wrote on their Facebook post.
“If there's one thing that I've learned from these past 17 years is that EB brings so many challenges that test everything you believe in as a person and as a mother,” they wrote.
“This journey has set a whole new path of unpredictabilities and uncertainties.”
“My son shared some very insightful words with me a long time ago: they told me that tomorrow will be a better day,” they wrote. “Spoken like a true warrior.”
Pitre, 16, underwent a stem cell transplant in Minnesota last week when they were transfused with blood and marrow drawn from their mother's hip. The stem-cell rich material holds the power to alter the course of Pitre's aggressive skin disease, epidermolysis bullosa (EB), and change their lives.
It will be several weeks before Pitre finds out whether the transplant has worked.
Their physician, Dr. Jakub Tolar, has warned that the time immediately after the transplant represents “the highest risk for complications,” the most common of which are infections and graft-versus-host disease (GVHD). It is a potentially life-threatening situation in which the implanted stem cells produce T-cells that attack normal cells.
Last year, after their first stem-cell transplant, Pitre and their mother were thrilled when doctors discovered new white cells in their bloodstream. But their hopes were crushed when tests showed Pitre's own stem cells had recolonized their bone marrow, and were producing the cells.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IOWA CITY, Iowa-- An Iowa truck driver had to leave their truck - and their puppy - behind. But thanks to two University of Iowa Hospital nurses, they got their beloved pet back.
Robert Prichard had a medical emergency while driving on I-80 and had to be taken to the University of Iowa hospital by ambulance, leaving their four-legged companion, Bandit, behind in theirs truck.
"If it hadn't been for these two right here, I would have lost them last night," Prichard told WQAD.
Prichard says they feared the puppy could have been put down or given away to another family.
Bandit wasn't, and instead was picked up by the Cedar Bend Humane Society, who says they only euthanize animals in cases of suffering or extreme aggression.
The Humane Society housed Bandit until two University of Iowa hospital nurses were able to pick them up and reunite the truck driver with theirs puppy.
"I didn't think it was really fair for someone to lose their animal just because they were in the hospital so I wanted to do everything I could," nurse Erin Niles said.
Prichard said it meant the world to him.
"I appreciate it, and nobody has ever treated or helped me like these people have. The main thing is I got my buddy back," Prichard said.
Prichard says he'll take some time off from trucking for now, and plans on hanging out with their faithful driving companion Bandit.
The Humane Society says pets left at the shelter need to be picked up within five days or they will be put up for adoption.
Nassau, The Bahamas – Remarks Dr. the Honourable Hubert A. Minnis, Prime Minister of the Commonwealth of The Bahamas at Bahamas Striping Group of Companies Investment Fund Launch 6:00 p.m. Thursday, 10 August 2017 Hilton Hotel:
Cabinet Colleagues
Mr. Atario Mitchell,
President and Founder, Bahamas Striping Group of Companies;
Dr. Allen Albury, Managing Director;
Mr. Dominic Stirrup, Director of Business Development;
Invited Guests;
Ladies and Gentlemen
Many of you in this audience would recall that it was only a few months back, June, 10th, to be exact, that I had the opportunity of being with Atario and the principals of their company and the employees of Bahamas Striping as the company celebrated its 7th Anniversary. It was a wonderful occasion which, together with some of my Parliamentary colleagues, we thoroughly enjoyed.
At that time, you had built your celebrations around the theme of the mustard seed, a theme taken from the Bible which we all know. The mustard seed, though the smallest of seeds has the potential to grow into the mightiest of trees, far exceeding its small beginnings.
I am happy to note that this is indeed the model of growth of Bahamas Striping and to be quite frank, it has far exceeded what it thought would have been its potential.
There are many lessons to be learnt from the exponential growth and development of this company, and I never allow an opportunity to pass without publicly lauding Atario Mitchell for what they have been able to accomplish. This enterprise is a shining example of that dictum that give an individual an inch and they will achieve a mile. It speaks to the fact if given the opportunity, ordinary – – and I stress the word ordinary – Bahamians have the will and determination to succeed at anything.
I have read Atario's own testimony and it is worth quoting in full because through their own words, they say it so well:
“As a young person, I did not come from a rich family, I had no political connection, I didn't graduate at the top of my class but today in a progressive Bahamas, I have through hard work success is possible.”
Let me remind this audience and to those who will perhaps read and listen to what I have to say that this reality that we have today in Bahamas Striping was created under another Free National Government. It was in 2010 that this enterprise was started through a grant from the Self-Starter Program launched by a previous FNM Government. I am pleased that the Free National Movement has had a longstanding commitment to youth and business development.
I go on record by stating that youth entrepreneurial empowerment will be a major focus of my administration as we see this as a means of tackling some of our long entrenched problems in our urban areas such as unemployment, crime and social anomie.
Today, I have come to endorse the efforts of Bahamas Striping in going far beyond its remit in launching what is really a private venture capital fund. It is my understanding that the company has taken $1m of its funds and will use it to establish funding opportunities to young adults who can come forward with bankable proposals that would allow them the opportunity to get a leg up in the world of business. This is genuine and this is new and it should be applauded.
I need not tell you that there are countless examples of young individuals who have ideas to start a business enterprise but who have nowhere to turn to find the first red penny to advance their proposals. They are unable to obtain funding through the established commercial banks and quite naturally they would not have the connections or the knowledge to obtain private financing. And so what happens, the dream is deferred, and the dream dies. Needless to say, this leads to personal frustration and social explosion. And so I applaud this new initiative by Bahamas Striping as it has the potential to open the doors for many.
One of today's realities is that the private sector must expand. It must be that sector of our economy that must be bold and imaginative. We know that the public sector is already overburdened when it comes to creating new employment and so any opportunity that the private sector has to expand and create new employment should be welcomed.
Another point that is really very important, that I wish to highlight, is this — and the story of the development of Bahamas Striping bears this out. Our economy needs small and medium enterprises to grow and become successful. More often than not, these are the companies that employ those who are marginalized and who may not fit into the conventional mainstream of employable skills. But the marketplace must find room for such young men and women, and often the best way to do this is allowing such persons to do their own thing.
Finally, if I were to make an observation for the benefit of those who will be approving and monitoring these small grants and loans, and it is this. Be on the lookout for those who bring creativity and enthusiasm to their proposals.
Today, it is so commonplace to see everyone doing the same thing. While healthy competition is good, one must be careful not to dismiss out of hand, that proposal that might go against the grain. Our economy needs all types to grow and to flourish and we must be on the lookout for these types of individuals.
That having been said, we know of the ever growing demand for those who would wish to do landscaping and gardening services, courier/delivery services, trucking and haulage, grooming and beauty business, food and drinks vending services and so on. Not everyone has to become a mechanic or a contractor or the likes. Find that for which there is a demand and then create a service.
I would repeat that which I said earlier. My Government is committed to helping the small man. We believe that they have a stake in the economic growth of The Bahamas and we will put our resources to work for you.
On my last visit with you, I mentioned the culture of training with which Bahamas stripping is imbued. The training and empowerment of young men is a cornerstone of your corporate culture. You are not only a center of excellence. You are also a center of hope. You are an example for other young entrepreneurs.
But the Government is also doing its part when it comes to training. Just across the street from the headquarters of Bahamas Striping is the BTVI. Then there is the National Training Agency which only recently enrolled its 8th cohort of students and which is preparing young people for the world of work and enterprise. And of course, at the highest level, there is the University of The Bahamas. My point is that an array of training is available in many forms and I encourage our young people to take advantage of such training.
I congratulate Bahamas Striping for that which it is launching today. This will have a profound impact on the lives of many young people by giving them that much-needed jump-start to their lives.
I thank Bahamas Striping for what they will do. I wish to assure you of my fullest support on a personal level, and of course, you know that you can depend on the co-operation of my Government.
Congratulations and thank you!
Refugee activists will hold a vigil outside the Federal Immigration Minister Peter Dutton's office north of Brisbane on Thursday to express their outrage over the death of man on Manus Island last week.
The 52-year-old man, Salim, died after jumping from a moving car on the island following five years in custody at the facility.
Noor Zaman, president of the Queensland Rohingya Community, said Salim had been brought to Australia in 2014 for treatment for severe epilepsy but they were returned to the island soon after without the condition being brought under control, and they suffered frequent seizures.
"Salim's death was not suicide, it was murder under the leadership of Peter Dutton and Malcolm Turnbull," Mr Zaman said.
 They are the seventh Rohingya refugee to die on the island and the third apparent suicide at the centre in less than a year.
Mark Gillespie from the Refugee Action Collective said Mr Dutton and the federal government needed to take responsibility.
"Salim fled genocide in Myanmar and was found to be a refugee and owed protection, but instead of safety they were condemned to five years of hell in an offshore detention centre."
Readers seeking support and information about suicide prevention can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 or Suicide Call Back Service on 1300 659 467, or Mental Health in Multicultural Australia www.mhima.org.au.
Rockingham detectives are searching for a man and woman they say broke into a home in Leda on Sunday, injuring the 86-year-old owner in the process.
Police say the incident took place on Djilba View at about 5.50pm, with the pair accused of forcing entry into the residential address through the front door.
The 86-year-old man received a foot injury after the door swung into them and was later taken to Fiona Stanley Hospital.
Police say the man entered the home and searching through several rooms as the woman stood outside and acted as a lookout.
The man is descried as dark skinned, 18-25 years of age, slim build, and 160-180cm tall with short dark hair. They were last seen wearing an aqua blue shirt, blue shorts, and blue/white/red runners and carrying a blue backpack.
The woman is described as dark skinned, 18-25 years of age, slim build, 150-170cm tall, and shoulder length black hair. They were last seen wearing a black top, black shorts, black sandals and carrying a black handbag.
Anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or make a report online at www.crimestopperswa.com.au
TOKYO (AP) - The head of an IOC inspection team urged organizers of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics to be more direct answering questions about progress and planning on Tuesday.
The advice from John Coates, which followed a two-day inspection tour, came a week after several sports federations openly criticized Tokyo's preparations. The games are just over two years away.
Coates said work is largely on track, but said organizers have hesitated to fully explain their planning. Coates hinted at cultural differences between their direct Australian style and the more reserved Japanese.
"You just have to answer the questions, and be forthright in doing so," Coates said, sitting next to organizing committee president Yoshiro Mori - a former Japanese prime minister - and CEO Toshiro Muto.
They both sat still and showed little emotion.
"It might not always be in your nature, but I think the questions are going to increasingly come," Coates added.
Mori was asked about the advice Coates gave them in private.
"There were so many items," Mori replied. "Some specific advice. I don't think I'm able to single out one point, or two points. There were many points."
Unlike some Olympics, expectations are high that Tokyo will deliver efficiently and on time. But organizers have hesitated to explain their progress to the satisfaction of some sports federations and national Olympic committees.
That prompted direct questions last week from the heads of world sailing, judo and triathlon.
World Sailing head Andy Hunt suggested planning for their event might be a year behind and complained about problems with fishing fleets working in what will be the venue for sailing.
"There are a number of things where they (organizers) are making great progress, but until it's finalized they will not present it," said Christophe Dubi, executive director of the Olympic Games. "That's the issue."
Coates warned that organizers could be bombarded with questions when 206 national Olympic committees meet in November in Tokyo.
"They'll want to know about the best arrangements for their athletes," they said. "Now we're down to all the little things - those little things that could mount up."
Mori said they were worried about eventually hosting a delegation from North Korea at the Tokyo Olympics. They brought up the unresolved issue of Japanese citizens abducted decades ago by North Korea - and unreturned.
"Japan is close to the Korean peninsula - neighbors - and we are living under the threat of nuclear weapons," they said. "We have lived under a difficult situation."
They said Japan had been "betrayed" before by North Korea.
"It happened in peaceful times. Japanese citizens were abducted," they said.
Coates said Japan is obligated under Olympic rules to accept a North Korean sports delegation at the Tokyo Games.
"That's not to say a host government does not have control over who it invites in terms of political leaders and people outside the (sports) delegation," Coates said.
Tokyo organizers have said the Olympics will cost 1.35 trillion yen - $12.4 billion at the present exchange rate.
In addition, Tokyo's municipal government has said it will spend an added 810 billion yen ($7.5 billion). That spending is for projects described as being "directly and indirectly related the games" and brings overall games spending to $20 billion.
About 70 percent of the total spending is from public money.
Burning bird falls from wire in Germany, torches dry field
BERLIN (AP) — Police say a burning bird falling from an overhead electric line set fire to a field in northern Germany that was parched by dry weather, torching some 7 hectares (17 acres) of land.
Police in the Baltic Sea port city of Rostock said witnesses reported that the bird caused a short-circuit in a railway power line and fell to the ground in flames. The neighboring field then caught fire, and more than 50 firefighters were deployed to tackle the blaze on Tuesday evening.
Farmers in northeastern Germany have been complaining of the effects of a persistent lack of rain over the past two months.
For years it has been a thorny issue which has brought shame to our city.
Street drinkers, many of whom hang out in a rose garden in London Road, close to Gloucester city centre, have upset neighbours and intimidated scores of visitors and passers-by with their antisocial - and sometimes violent - behaviour.
Just last week, a man collapsed following a mass brawl in the busy street in the middle of the afternoon.
And nearby residents have long complained about the street drinkers using their gardens as a toilet.
But measures could soon be put in place to deter the street drinking and bad behaviour.
Gloucester City Council is considering a public space protection order for the area.
Local authorities can implement such orders which bans specified things from being done within a restricted area. Often, they are used to prohibit the drinking of alcohol in public.
Wellington Road resident Simon Ashley, 52, who lives near the rose garden, said even children are being verbally abused by the street drinkers.
They said: "Anything would be a way forward. It's actually getting worse so something needs to be done urgently.
"They are very loud and intimidating to bystanders, passers-by and residents. They get louder as they get through the day and become more intoxicated.
"The only way forward would be for the council to fence it off and turn it into a rose garden and open it as and when. It's never going to stop until you stop people going in it."
Plans are at an early stage and any order would be subject to a public consultation taking place.
The move follows the widespread furore caused when newsagent's Sedoo's Shop, opposite the garden, applied for a licence to sell alcohol 24 hours a day.
More than 70 residents, the police, various nearby businesses and local care organisations looking after many addicts called for the licence to be refused.
They claimed it would exasperate the existing issue of street drinkers continuing to drink throughout the early hours of the morning, causing more incidents of anti-social behaviour
Councillor Jennie Watkins, cabinet member for communities and neighbourhoods at Gloucester City Council (Con, Kingsway), said: “We want to reassure residents that the city council are working hard to tackle anti social behaviour.
“We met with partners and residents two weeks ago to talk about concerns and possible solutions. We want to target the roots of these issues not just move people on.
"We are working with partners such as the police, Project Solace and P3 to talk to people who are drinking in the area as they may need support from housing or drug and alcohol services.“
Any order would come after 35 people signed a petition earlier this year asking the council to ban the drinking of alcohol in the rose garden.
Charity Easton, director at Change Grow Live, which looks to tackle drug and alcohol misuse across the county, said: " We understand alcohol can lead to antisocial behaviour which can have a real impact on local communities.
"We are working collaboratively with all services in Gloucestershire to support people who experience issues with alcohol, including those who would be impacted if proposed plans by the city centre no alcohol zone are introduced in Gloucester.”
Two major features coming to Apple's next iPhones have been revealed by Apple's own manufacturer in India.
Wistron, which Apple recently began working with in an effort to keep prices down, confirmed that Apple's next-generation iPhone models will be waterproof and include wireless charging technology, according to Japanese website Nikkei Asian Review. Speaking to the media after the company's annual shareholders' meeting on 14 June, Wistron CEO Robert Hwang reportedly said the following:
"Assembly process for the previous generations of [iPhones] have not changed much, though new features like waterproof and wireless charging now require some different testing, and waterproof function will alter the assembly process a bit."
Currently, Wistron makes the iPhone SE, which doesn't offer wireless charging or waterproofing, obviously. But it's important to note that Hwang specifically said "new features", in comparison to older iPhones, such as the iPhone SE. They didn't say iPhone 8 or iPhone 7S. That means, if we're being particular, they might not be talking about the very next iPhones but rather future-generation models.
That said, several reports over the last year have claimed that Apple will release a higher-end "iPhone 8". It is expected to be a premium model that sits above the new iPhone 7S Plus. The iPhone 8 is thought to feature wireless charging and improved water resistance, among other things, though it's reasonable to assume any smaller iPhone models could have improved water resistance as well.
Check out Pocket-lint's rumour round-up for more details about the next iPhones, which are expected to release later this year.
Sports are an ally in the war against Alzheimer's for Pa. couple
Sports are an ally in the war against Alzheimer's for Pa. couple Mar 18
Frank Fitzpatrick has been an editor and writer at the Inquirer since 1980. A onetime beat writer for the Phillies, Eagles, and Penn State football, they also have covered nine Olympics. A 2000 Pulitzer Prize finalist, they now focus on sports projects for the Inquirer and Daily News and writes a Sunday column.
Ron and Joy Pott of Malvern watch sports together to help Ron cope with their Alzheimer's Disease. .
A flat-screen TV glowed like a hearth fire in the darkened family room where Ron and Joy Pott huddled cozily on a sofa watching a Kentucky-Alabama college basketball game. Occasionally, their peace was interrupted by the announcer's shrieking.
“Dick Vitale can just drive you crazy,” Joy Pott said, reaching for the remote.
Later on that raw Saturday, the Malvern couple switched to Premier League soccer – a sport Ron played in college – then to the Valspar golf championship, in which Tiger Woods was making a run. Finally, that night, they tuned in to the event they were most avidly anticipating, Villanova vs. Providence men's college basketball in the Big East Tournament championship game.
Watching sports is more than an idle pastime for the Potts. The pleasant memories that sports provoke and the calming familiarity they offer Ron, a former athlete and lifetime fan who has been afflicted with Alzheimer's since 2011, have led their 80-year-old caretaker wife to utilize them as therapy.
“If you can make a person feel happy then it's less likely that they are going to be mean and difficult,” Joy wrote in a journal that not only chronicles their 81-year-old husband's long battle with the disease but provides them with some respite from it. “He has no problem following the present, the game, giving their opinions, calling fouls, and calling referees stupid.”
By utilizing sports as therapy, Joy Pott inadvertently hit on a strategy that is gaining traction in the treatment of Alzheimer's, especially among men. Although there are no large such groups in the United States, a United Kingdom organization called the Sporting Memories Network runs programs for the elderly at more than 100 locations.
“People come alive,” said the group's co-founder and director, Tony Jameson-Allen, a former European golf tour caddie. “The images, the conversations, the memories, it all just helps trigger cognition. We use different stimulus. We have 90,000 images of sports. We have videos. We produce our own sports paper. We sometimes meet at soccer stadiums or at Lords Cricket Ground. And the biggest thing about these sessions is how much laughter emerges.”
Reminiscing, or triggering pleasant memories, has been a widely used tool in treating Alzheimer's. But much of that therapy, Jameson-Allen said, has been aimed at older women.
“What's bizarre is that even though sports is a kind of universal language, it's never really been used in the field in any special way before,” Jameson-Allen said.
Sports were always Ron Pott's passion. The 6-foot-4 former corporate lawyer and father of three grew up the youngest of five sports-crazed brothers in Summit, N.J. They were a basketball star in high school, a Division III soccer all-American at Wheaton College, a lifetime golfer, skier, and tennis player.
“The things they did for a living weren't all that wonderful,” Joy Pott said, “There wasn't that wonderful immersion they got with sports. Now, when they watch sports, they go back there, and that part of their mind is really engaged.”
Handwriting on the wall
Like three of their brothers, Ron Pott eventually developed Alzheimer's. It was in 2011, while at their ocean-front summer home in Castine, Maine, that the condition surfaced. There were uncharacteristic emotional eruptions over tennis or the condition of their lawn. On one occasion, while weeding their garden, Pott apparently couldn't decide where to stop and tore up the flowers as well.
“We played mixed doubles together three times a week until recently,” Joy Pott said. “We had to stop golf, too. He'd hit a ball into the woods, and I'd help them find it. But by the time I'd get back to my ball, he'd have forgotten where theirs was. I could see the handwriting on the wall.”
The daughter of French parents, Joy Pott was raised in a small Scottish village. Though they came to America at 17, they occasionally still rolls an R. A teacher who later worked with the intellectually disabled, they absorbed everything they could about their husband's condition. Some advice helped. Some didn't.
It was while watching baseball – the Phillies while in Malvern, the Red Sox in Maine – that they recognized the game's calming effects.
“Baseball really gave me the clue,” they said. “Whether we were here or in Maine, I could count on us watching a game together every evening. And I really began to see a difference in him.”
Those sessions not only seemed to pierce the Alzheimer's fog, they eased their anxiety and provided routine, particularly in the evenings, the restless “sundowning” hours that can be difficult for sufferers and caregivers.
So their wife began to watch, learn, and appreciate “that visually beautiful game” of baseball as well as other sports that had been foreign to her, such as basketball and football. They became their husband's “TV color girl,” explaining what was happening, giving it context, sweetly goading them into unlocking pleasant recollections that helped keep the demons at bay.
Eventually, they developed a routine. They read the sports section together in the mornings. Then, on weekday evenings, they typically watched baseball or basketball. On weekends, when a lack of routine can aggravate the condition, they filled their days with tennis, golf, and football. They saw the year ahead clearly – the Super Bowl, college basketball's March Madness, the Masters for golf, the French Open and Wimbledon for tennis.
Versions of the program they instinctively developed had already been used in professional settings, with music being the most common stimulus. A Drexel University professor created a system called TAP – Tailored Activity Program – during which caregivers identify a patient's interest and use it in treatment.
“The challenge for caregivers is to find a way to help the patient relate to their environment in a meaningful way,” said Laura Gitlin, dean of Drexel's College of Nursing and Health Professions. “It's about tapping into preserved areas of the brain that have meaning.
“I think this woman has hit upon something very important. But sports might not work for others. What is going to work is the principle. They found what they liked, and they introduced them to it at a time of day that is very stressful for him.”
Life is changed, not over
Despite a recent stroke, Ron is lean and fit. They walk their dog, Sugar, twice a day around a cul-de-sac, and can raise their Lincoln-esque frame easily out of a seat. They love baseball and can recite the 1946 St. Louis Cardinals lineup. At their wife's gentle urging, they can speak rationally about body surfing at the Jersey Shore, playing basketball in high school, or working in Wheaton's sports information office.
“Every case is different,” Joy Pott said. “My husband has an incredibly complicated profile. Sometimes you think nothing is the matter with him. They think he's fine. They really don't comprehend. They still have reasoning. But their short-term memory is gone.”
That was apparent on that Saturday, when every 10 minutes or so, they would smilingly tell a visitor about the genesis of their sports passion.
“I was the youngest of five brothers in a family that loved sports,” they said over and over, each repetition of this disease-fueled mantra delivered as if for the first time.
Despite that, as they sat through their sports-filled TV schedule with their wife nearby, they seemed calm and content, particularly when summoning a distant memory.
“No one is going to help caregivers but themselves,” Joy Pott said. “They are not going to change. You have to do the changing. I have to find a way to live in what I call their biography world, with all their memories. But this weekend, with the Villanova win, the return of Tiger [Woods], they were all in. We talked about everything, and it was all so natural. Then they spotted [news in the Inquirer about the Phillies' signing of pitcher Jake Arrieta], and that prompted more discussion.”
The therapy isn't foolproof. There are difficult times when Ron's frustrations spark emotional outbursts. Little things can ignite him, and they sometimes respond by demeaning others.
“Unfortunately I hear the word stupid a lot, more than I want to,” Joy Pott wrote. “I suppose increase in criticism is a natural cover-up and rationalization for what they feel.”
When they're watching sports, Joy, who likes to carve out time for swims at the nearby Upper Main Line YMCA, usually has a book on their lap. But the attention they must increasingly pay to their afflicted spouse — “He wants to see me sitting there” — doesn't leave much time for reading.
“I need to be close, with eye contact, clear happy tones, all tempered with patience,” they wrote. “Background noise, speaking from a distance or another room is very frustrating and uncomfortable for Ron. … The familiar can feel new every day for Ron. … When Ron is happy, Joy is happy.”
Joy Pott has been inspired, they said, by reading former Inquirer columnist Bill Lyon's thoughts on their own battle with Alzheimer's.
“This disease is so prevalent,” they said, “Bill has done an amazing job bringing this out.”
According to Lyon's physician, Penn's Jason Karlawish, Joy Pott's caregiving ought to be a lesson for others.
“What you're witnessing is an upending of the notion that there's nothing you can do,” Karlawish said. “There's no one-size-fits-all set of activities for people with dementia. But this shows us that if you really want to take care of patients with dignity and quality of life, you need to pay attention to the individual as an individual.”
In the meantime, Joy Pott will keep refining and adding to the treatment – and to the jounral they hope might someday help a member of the Alzheimer's-afflicted community.
“We have been enjoying our lives without the sword of Damocles hanging over our heads,” they said. “As time goes on, you understand how to live a life that's changed. It's changed. It's not over.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ROSTOV-ON-DON (Sputnik) - Russian pilot Konstantin Yaroshenko will be held in a solitary confinement in US prison for at least three months, and could later be transferred to another penitentiary, Yaroshenko's spouse Viktoria told Sputnik Wednesday.
"According to Konstantin, they are going to be transferred to another prison… It could take from three to six months. All this time, they will be held in an isolation cell," Viktoria said.
© Photo : Konstantin Yaroshenko's lawyer Yaroshenko's Lawyer Unable to Contact Him Since Placement in Solitary Confinement
Yaroshenko was placed in a solitary confinement earlier this month after they were hit by their cellmate.
READ MORE: Yaroshenko's Wife Claims Russian Pilot Fears for Their Life in US Prison
The Russian pilot was given 20 years in prison in 2011 on allegations of conspiring to import cocaine into the United States. Yaroshenko was captured in Liberia in 2010 and handed over to the United States, prompting protests from Russia. In April 2016, the Appeals Court of New York refused to revise the pilot's sentence.
In early April 2018, the Russian embassy in the United States voiced concerns over the reports about the humiliation of Yaroshenko in US prison, calling on the jail administration to stop violation of fundamental rights of the Russian citizen.
READ MORE: Russian Diplomats Visit Yaroshenko in US Prison Following Ungrounded Searches
The Hornets went to the playoffs twice in Clifford's five seasons, never winning a playoff series.
"The NBA isn't about winning — the NBA is about winning in the playoffs," Clifford said at the end of Charlotte's season.
Clifford is coming to a franchise that has lost more games than any other NBA club over the past six years — 335. That's four more than Philadelphia, a franchise that was openly tanking for years before turning things around this season.
The Magic weren't tanking. They've just been bad.
Orlando hasn't had longer than a five-game winning streak at any time over the last six seasons. But over that same span, the Magic have had 23 losing streaks of at least five games. On their way to a 25-57 record that left them 18 games out of a playoff spot, the Magic had two seven-game slides and two other nine-game skids.
Since Van Gundy left, the Magic have gone through a series of resets.
There have been 62 players in uniform over the last six seasons — none of them an All-Star while in Orlando — and now five different coaches. Van Gundy was replaced by Jacque Vaughn, who was let go after 2 1/2 seasons and replaced on an interim basis by James Borrego. Scott Skiles then took over for one year, and Vogel ran things the last two seasons.
Clifford now gets their chance.
By Tim Reynolds, The Associated Press
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart editor-in-chief Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of the first 100 days of the Trump administration.
Ryan Mahoney, spokesperson for the Georgia Republican Party, will discuss the special election in Georgia's 6th District, which many are calling a bellwether for the 2018 midterms.
We'll also be joined by border patrol agent Brandon Judd, the president of the National Border Patrol Council.
Ann-Marie Murrell, Morgan Brittany, and Sonya Sasser will discuss their new book PolitiChicks: A Clarion Call to Political Activism.
We'll also hear from veteran pollster Pat Caddell.
Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news.
Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record.”
Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at: 866-957-2874.
Perborates are used in application products such as detergents, cleaning products, laundry detergents and laundry bleaches. Perborates are also used in tooth bleaching applications. The growing demand for perborates from the detergents and the bleaching industry is expected to drive the global perborates market in the years to come.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=2851
Detergents and bleaching industries are the major markets for perborates. Perborates serve as a source of active oxygen in several types of detergents, bleaching agents, laundry detergents and laundry bleaches. Growing demand from detergents and textile bleaches is predicted to drive the demand for perborates in the near future. The growing demand for perborates from the rapidly growing textile manufacturing industry is expected to drive the global perborates market in the next few years. Subsequently, the rising demand for perborates from the laundry industry and household applications is projected to drive the global perborates market in the next six years. Tooth bleaching is also an important application of perborates. Perborates are used bleaching agents for the internal bleaching of tooth. The perborates are placed inside the tooth and then they are left in place for a prolonged period of time to allow them to diffuse into the tooth and afterwards, the bleach stains from inside out. Perborates have antiseptic properties and are used as disinfectants in several applications. Moreover, perborates are used as disappearing preservative in certain brands of eye drops.
Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market for perborates in the next six years. The main reason for this is the mounting demand for perborates from emergent countries such as India, China, Indonesia and Thailand. The population in these countries is growing at a brisk rate which is eventually resulting in an increase in the total customer base. Also, owing to the continuous economic development of these countries, the disposable income and the purchase parity of the people residing in these countries is growing which is further resulting in a magnification of the overall customer base in these emergent countries. Moreover, the countries in the geographies such as Africa, South America and the Middle East are showing swift economic growth since the last few years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/perborates-market.html
Furthermore, the U.S. and European countries are slowly but steadily recovering from the economic downturn. All such industrial and economic factors are eventually generating a positive outlook for the global industrial dynamics. Considering this outlook, the industries such as detergents and bleaching are anticipated to record a staggering growth in the future. Furthermore, there is a stupendous market potential for the detergents and bleaching industry in the developing countries like China, India and Brazil. Consequently, it is anticipated to drive the demand for perborates in the coming years.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Authorities in Mississippi say a 9-year-old boy has shot their 13-year-old sister in the head and wounded them after an argument over a video game controller.
Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell told local news outlets that the girl wouldn't give up the video game controller when their brother wanted it on Saturday. They say the boy shot the girl in the back of the head and that the bullet entered them brain.
The girl was rushed to Le Bonheur's Children's Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee. Details of their condition weren't immediately known Sunday afternoon.
Authorities say they don't yet know how the firearm used in the shooting had been accessed. The sheriff added that the circumstances of the shooting are still being investigated.
Monroe County is in northeast Mississippi.
Both U.S. senators from Indiana met this week with Supreme Court justice nominee Neil Gorsuch.
Republican Sen. Todd Young met with Gorsuch on Monday, and Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly met with them Tuesday, according to the senators' offices.
Young described Gorsuch as “incredibly impressive,” while Donnelly was guarded in their remarks.
President Donald Trump nominated Gorsuch, a federal appellate court judge in Denver, to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. Gorsuch has been meeting individually with senators ahead of their confirmation hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Young said in a video statement that Gorsuch's “command of the law, their rigor of interpreting the Constitution and statutes, was incredibly impressive to me.” Young's staff said their meeting lasted 45 minutes.
“Perhaps most importantly from my standpoint, they understand the job of a judge is not to write laws but instead to interpret them and apply them to the facts of any given case,” Young said.
“He doesn't believe it's the job of a judge to override the decisions of we the people through their elected representatives to come up with the rules we live by,” they said.
Donnelly revealed little about what they and Gorsuch discussed.
“Judge Gorsuch and I had a thoughtful conversation. I had the chance to ask them questions, discuss their views on the role of the Supreme Court, and hear about their experience on the federal bench,” Donnelly said in a statement.
Donnelly said they will “carefully review Judge Gorsuch's record and qualifications in the coming weeks and will be following their hearing before the Judiciary Committee.”
Donnelly was among four Democratic senators with whom Gorsuch had scheduled individual meetings Tuesday. Republicans have a 52-48 majority in the Senate, but ending debate and advancing Gorsuch's nomination to a confirmation vote will take 60 votes under current rules of the chamber.
Gorsuch supporters are trying to put pressure on Donnelly. The Republican National Committee chided them Tuesday for not tipping their hand on how they might vote. Two groups opposed to abortion rights – Indiana Right to Life and the Susan B. Anthony List – announced there will be rallies today at Donnelly's Indianapolis office, Friday at their South Bend office and Tuesday at their Fort Wayne office to urge them to back Gorsuch.
On Tuesday, Donnelly and Young each voted in favor of confirming Linda McMahon as Trump's administrator of the Small Business Administration. The Senate voted 81-19 to in favor of McMahon, the former chief executive officer of World Wrestling Entertainment and the Republican nominee for Connecticut's seats in the Senate in 2010 and 2012.
bfrancisco@jg.net
ADELAIDE's Adut Akech is officially Karl Lagerfeld's new muse after being chosen to be the bride in the Chanel Autumn 2018 show at Paris Fashion Week Haute Couture.
The 18-year-old, who was born in a refugee camp in South Sudan and came to Australia as a six-year-old, has been modelling for a little over two years.
Represented in Adelaide by Finesse Models Australia, they were discovered by Chadwick's while visiting relatives in Melbourne and quickly forged a global career.
Within six months they made their international runway debut walking for Saint Laurent in Paris.
Dressed in a pale verdigris skirt suit, headpiece and veil, “Adut the Chanel Bride” had the honour of closing the show at the Grand Palais.
The audience of A-listers included actor Penelope Cruz, singer Lily Allen and Vanessa Paradis, who has just married French director Samuel Benchetrit.
Vanessa was accompanied by their daughter with former partner Johnny Depp, model and actor Lily-Rose Depp.
Adut is the second black model to close a Chanel Couture show, the first being Alek Wek in 2004.
“There is no amount of words that can express what this moment means to me. The beauty of having a dream, is watching it come to life,” Adut wrote on Instagram where they have close to 125,000 followers.
“It was a lifetime honour being the chosen bride to close your beautiful show in the MOST breathtaking dress I have ever seen in my life. This was just a special moment that I will always remember and cherish for as long as I live.”
It's not the first time Adut's walked for the famous French fashion house – they were also chosen to open the Chanel Cruise collection show in May – and, no doubt, it won't be the last.
X-ray mirror Lens is a kind of standard components which is used for the purpose of collimating, focusing, and low-pass filtering in all the departments of energy x-ray light sources. Growing demands on the quality of the figure and finishing of mirrors are intense for the third generation synchrotron sources; Although new diffraction-limited x-ray sources, whether it is free-electron laser or storage ring-based, will also place even more extraordinary demands on beamline optics.
This is because of both the individuality of experimental requirements and the supreme importance of preserving the ideal beam characteristics as the beam is being manipulated and transported to the experimental station. Grazing incidence mirrors provide an absolutely vital, achromatic means to concentrate the diverging beam radiated by the source into a small spot for the sample illumination. Alternative focusing technologies suffer chromatic deviation, which reduces the practical band pass by orders of the magnitude.
For purpose of doing in depth analysis, the X-ray Mirror Lens Market has been segmented on the basis of product types, applications, energy consumption and geography. Based on the type the market has been segmented mainly into two types ; they are like synchrotron paraboloidal x-ray mirror lens and double paraboloidal x-ray mirror lens . By application the X-ray Mirror Lens market has been segmented mainly into three types they are like application in focusing x-ray microanalysis, collimated x-ray or parallel beam techniques, line focusing.
By energy consumption the market has been segmented into three categories they are like <3 keV power consumption,<20 keV power consumption,20-60 keV power consumption ,this report also provide cross-functional analysis of all the above mentioned segments across different regions such as Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America.
High resolution of the latest generation of nanofocus and ultrabright x-ray lenses with intense flux and beamline design flexibility are the primary driving factors for the market for x-ray mirror lenses. Significant cost saving applications of the x-ray mirror lenses and the achromatic focusing in the x-ray mirror lens used for absorption spectroscopy are the main reason for the purpose of driving the demand for these type of mirror-lenses.
PDF Brochure https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23441
Thus, the continuously rising need for the purpose of developing cost-effective beamlines are also the main factor estimated to act as a catalyst for the demand of various types of x-ray mirror lenses during the forecast period from 2017 to 2025. In addition to that rapid growth of usage in the 3-D microdiffraction used in geosciences, environmental sciences, energy technologies and in photonics is also anticipated to increase the demand of x-ray mirror lenses in the upcoming years. In turn this is also projected to affect the market of x-ray mirror lenses in a positive manner during the forecasted period of 2017-2025.
There are mainly four major limiting factors which is affecting the mirror performance of the x-ray mirror lenses which are like fabrication error, undesired strain because of support and the imperfect elastic figuring, thermal deformation because of the deposited beam power and lastly radiation and its related damage mechanism. This is acting as a restraining factor in the growth of X-ray Mirror Lens market. Key Manufacturers are uninterruptedly focusing on the development of various specialized types of lenses based on its various functionalities like higher energy range and higher strehl ratio among others, which is a part of their competitive strategy.
Download TOC https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=23441
By type of products, the double paraboloidal x-ray mirror lens held the largest market share because of its development in the diamond light source process . However, the synchrotron paraboloidal x-ray mirror lens is projected to achieve exponential growth during the forecast period. High resolution with better flux density and higher efficiency in beamline designing makes it the most appropriate choice for various end user segments.
Some of the leading players operating in the X-ray Mirror Lenses market includes Sigray (The U.S.) , Geo Semiconductor, Inc.(The U.S.), XOS (The U.S.) among others.
By The Associated Press
WOOLWICH TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) — Police in New Jersey were put to the test over the weekend when they were called to catch a loose pig.
NJ.com reports (http://bit.ly/2fDoErQ ) three Woolwich Township police officers responded to a call about a mischievous pig roaming a township neighborhood Saturday morning. According to police, the officers used a makeshift lasso and dog treats to lure the pet pig back into its owner's yard.
In a self-deprecating Facebook post the Woolwich Township Police Department quipped, “No pig(s) were hurt in the process.” The department also invited commenters to make their best “pig/bacon/cop” jokes.
The department's piggy post has received more than 400 likes and 70 comments.
___
Information from: NJ Advance Media.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Score: 7.03
The Verdict: Called elegant, animalistic and darkly poetic, Galop by Hermès drew near universal praise from our judges and one of the highest scores in the history of The Smell Test. It was the first solo performance of Christine Nagel after they succeeded the legendary Jean-Claude Ellena. It was worth the wait. As one critic said, “a superb creation — it moves me.” — Pete Born
“A very nice perfume. Very well-balanced with a fruity and rose note. The more you enter into the perfume, the more you discover the sensuality of the animal note as well as the chicness of the leather together with the refined rose experience.”
Artistic: 8.5
Innovation: 7
“This is an elegant, luxurious and wearable [perfume] which shows the contrast of the fragrance, the creativity of the perfumer and technical expertise. Well done! The only issue of the perfume is that there is no diffusion at all.”
Artistic: 8
Innovation: 4
“Very well-done fragrance, bourgeois, elegant. What is old is new again. Liked, but nothing new to the palette.”
Artistic: 6
Innovation: 5
“Utterly superb! The weirdest rose in living memory. Disturbing, poetic, dark, stylish.”
Artistic: 10
Innovation: 8
“Both elegant and intriguing. Fresh yet with body, it dries down well and the dry-down after 24 hours is faithful to the top note, in that it retains its beauty and delicacy.”
Artistic: 8
Innovation: 6
“A superb creation. It moves me. Roses wrapped in velvet-y suede.”
Artistic: 10
Innovation: 8
“Skin dry-down is a big white musk, but why not? The waft of a cute rose, not vulgar, refreshes pleasantly slightly bitter woods. The rest, too bad, is rather dejà-vu.”
Artistic: 5
Innovation: 5
ABOUT THE TEST AND JUDGES: This is a blind test, panelists are given vials of unidentified scent to judge impartially. Each of them gives a score ranging from 1 (forgettable) to 10 (unforgettable) and the numbers are computed into a final grade. The judges, led by chairperson Michael Edwards, also make critiques, which are unattributed to encourage candor. The most promising scents are picked for judging in an effort to find and showcase excellence. WWD buys the products at retail, like any other consumer. The esteemed judges are: Michael Edwards, author of “Fragrances of the World” and “Perfume Legends”; Paul Austin, chief executive officer of sensory storytelling agency Austin Advisory Group; Jean-Claude Delville, senior perfumer at Drom; Victoria Frolova, fragrance industry analyst and Bois de Jasmin editor; Christophe Laudamiel, master perfumer at DreamAir; Nathalie Pichard, owner of training and evaluation agency Topnotes; Chantal Roos, cocreator of Roos & Roos Co.; Luca Turin, biophysicist and perfume critic for arabia.style.com, and Kevin Verspoor, founder of PerfumeKev LLC.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Charles Manson was cremated and their ashes scattered following a brief, private funeral four months after the death of the man who gained worldwide infamy for the 1969 Los Angeles killings of actor Sharon Tate and others that they hoped would spark a race war.
The memorial occurred Saturday at a funeral home in the California city of Porterville, according to Mark Pitcher, pastor of the Church of the Nazarene.
FILE - This Aug. 14, 2017 file photo provided by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation shows Charles Manson. Manson's cremated remains have been scattered nearly four months after the cult leader died in prison. A funeral was held Saturday, March 17, 2018, following a court battle for the 83-year-old's remains. (California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation via AP, File)
Pitcher, who presided, told The Associated Press on Monday that about 20 to 25 people attended, among them Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
TMZ.com first reported the funeral at the Porterville Funeral & Cremation Center and its story included a photo of Manson in an open casket.
Pitcher said they agreed to the funeral home's request to conduct services after they were told Freeman and their wife are Christians and that Freeman wanted their grandfather to have "a proper burial" despite their notoriety.
The pastor declined to reveal who else attended, but said some were friends of Manson, the ersatz hippie leader who inspired, with drugs and charisma, a rag-tag band of young followers to murder Tate and six others during two bloody nights in August 1969 that terrified Los Angeles.
The Porterville Recorder newspaper reported the attendees included Manson follower Sandra Good who, although they were not implicated in the 1969 killings, served 10 years in prison for sending hundreds of threatening letters to corporate executives. Also there, the newspaper said, was Afton Elaine Burton, a woman Manson took out a license to marry in 2014 when they were 80 and they were 26. The couple never wed.
The Manson Family, as the cult leader's followers were called, slaughtered five of its victims on Aug. 9, 1969, at Tate's home. They included the actor who was 8 ½-months-pregnant, coffee heiress Abigail Folger, celebrity hairdresser Jay Sebring, Polish movie director Voityck Frykowski and Steven Parent, a friend of the estate's caretaker.
The next night, a wealthy grocer and their wife, Leno and Rosemary LaBianca, were stabbed to death in their home across town.
Prosecutors said Manson ordered the killings to launch a race war they believed was prophesized by "Helter Skelter," a Beatles song about a popular British playground slide.
During the service Pitcher said they quoted from Scripture both meaningful to them and Freeman, and although they said they discussed Manson's past only briefly, they added they did not shy away from relating what they had done.
"There were many choices thrust upon them that brought about very challenging circumstances through their early years," they said of Manson, the son of a prostitute who never knew their father. "But they also made choices that brought great consequence and negatively impacted other people for many, many years."
Pitcher said they exhorted Freeman and their family to see Saturday's funeral as an opportunity to establish "a new beginning" of making good choices.
Freeman, whose own father killed themselves under the burden of being Manson's son, has said they only learned of their connection to the mass killer a few years ago.
After Manson's death in November at age 83, Freeman fought a months-long legal battle to gain the right to theirs remains.
Freeman, who couldn't be located for comment Monday, has said they wanted their grandfather cremated and their remains scattered to finally put to rest "this so-called monster, this historical figure that shouldn't have been blown up as big as it was for all these years."
The funeral home's owner, Les Peters, told the Recorder that after the service, which they described as having a hippie vibe, the guests gathered to watch the cremation, then went outside to sing songs by Manson, the Beach Boys and Guns 'N Roses.
Peters said Manson's ashes were handed over to Freeman who said they planned to spread them "free in the air" somewhere.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — A Mexican citizen who crashed their vehicle carrying six unauthorized immigrants while fleeing from U.S. Border Patrol agents near the Otay Mesa Port of Entry was sentenced in federal court Monday to four years in prison.
Miguel Angel Tejada-Loaiza, 21, was transporting the unauthorized immigrants after they had unlawfully entered the United States, authorities said.
Two passengers were ejected from the vehicle after it struck a guard rail and were hospitalized for several weeks with serious injuries.
Tejada-Loaiza pleaded guilty in May to illegal transportation of aliens for financial gain. They admitted the individuals they transported were paying others as much as $5,000 to be smuggled into the United States illegally.
Last April 23, U.S. Border Patrol agents spotted a Ford Expedition parked in an area where a seismic intrusion device had detected movement. An agent heard yelling coming from the vehicle and saw the driver, Tejada-Loaiza, signaling for people to get in.
Agents followed the Expedition in a marked Border Patrol unit and tried to pull the vehicle over, but the driver abruptly turned onto a northbound road and sped away at 75 miles per hour, then made another sharp turn and hit the guard rail, sending the SUV down an embankment.
"Smuggling endangers not only those being transported illegally, but the general motoring public,'' said acting U.S. Attorney Alana Robinson. "Smugglers commodify human beings, prioritizing profits over public safety. Our office will vigorously prosecute individuals who capitalize on the illegal smuggling of people into the United States.''
By
Rachel Bowling 70 died Thursday
Funeral 2 PM Sunday
Britton Funeral Home
Burial at Polly Marcum Cemetery (Big Creek)
Visitation Saturday
Britton Funeral Home
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Rachel Bowling, 70, of Big Creek, KY, passed away Thursday, February 1st, at ContinueCare Hospital at Baptist Health Corbin.
Rachel was born in Saul, KY on October 18, 1947, a daughter of the late Sarah (Barger) and Jim Spurlock. They enjoyed spending time with their children and their dog, Lucky. They also enjoyed their flowers and talking on the phone
Rachel was preceded in death by their husband, Harvey Bowling.
Rachel is survived by their son, Randy Bowling and fiancée Mindy Bowling of Big Creek; by 3 adopted children: Scott Reid and wife Cindy of London, Martha Estep and Eric Estep, both of Big Creek; 5 grandchildren: Michael Howard, Zachary Estep, Alex Howard, Olivia Estep and Katie Howard; and 2 special friends, Pat Mills and Candice Collins.
In addition to their husband and parents, Rachel was preceded in death by their sister, Wanda Morris, and by 10 half brothers and sisters.
Services will be held at 2:00 PM on Sunday, February 4th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY. Burial will follow at the Polly Marcum Cemetery on Big Creek.
Visitation will be held 6:00 PM on Saturday, February 3rd at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY.
Britton Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements.
Casey Mears is considering a number of options for the 2018 motorsport season, with NASCAR, rallycross, and off-road trucks all on the cards.
The Californian, who won the 2006 24 Hours of Daytona and the 2007 Coca-Cola 600, has been competing part-time in the NASCAR Xfinity series this year. Speaking to The Checkered Flag, Mears revealed that he's in discussions for another part-time NASCAR deal, as well as looking at outings in Stadium Super Trucks and Red Bull Global Rallycross.
“Right now I'm talking to a few NASCAR programmes to do maybe limited stuff. I don't have anything that would be a full-time ride in a NASCAR series,” they said. “I've been speaking with Robby Gordon in the Stadium Super Truck programme, I think that's a really cool up-and-coming-series and I'd definitely like to be involved with the GRC, It looks like a lot of fun. I think there's enough difference between all those that it could leave room for doing a bit of both so we'll see how it works out.”
Mears has spent 2017 racing a limited schedule for Biagi-DenBeste Racing, and has used their free-time to go back to their routes at the kart track.
“I have done some things differently,” they said of their less-intense schedule. “I went and got a shifter kart so I've been spending some time in that throughout the season. When I knew I was going to be out of the car for more than three or four weeks I got out to the go-kart track and pounded around in that which was fun and definitely keeps you up to speed.”
“Honestly as soon as I got [back] in the car, almost every time I felt I'd done it yesterday,” they added, insisting their time off had no ill-effects. “I think after doing it for 15 years it doesn't go away that quickly so it's been am I interesting year as far as running part-time, having more weekends off, not being in the Cup series is definitely different, but I think the driving is a lot like a bicycle – it really doesn't go away.”
“Obviously if you can do it more often I feel like you can stay sharper, but every time I got in the car I felt like I'd just gotten out.”
BURLINGTON, VT — Hard work and determination paid off for the 30 4-H dairy members chosen by University of Vermont (UVM) Extension to represent Vermont in the dairy show at Eastern States Exposition in West Springfield, MA.
The 4-H'ers competed on Sept. 16 in fitting and showmanship and on Sept. 17 in conformation classes with several individuals earning top placements and championship awards. Awards also were given for the best state herd for each breed. Vermont won first place for its Brown Swiss, Holstein and Jersey herds. The Ayrshire state herd came in third.
In the fitting and showmanship contest, several junior and senior classes were held to accommodate the large number of competitors. The top finisher in each group in each division then competed for the grand championship and reserve championship awards. Isabel Hall of East Montpelier was named Senior Grand Champion and Adele Biasini of Morrisville, Senior Reserve Champion. Courteney Simpson, Sutton, was the Junior Grand Champion.
Vermonters placing in the top five in their respective showmanship classes included:
Junior Showmanship (ages 12-14)
Group A: Nathan Parent, St. Albans (first); Lincoln Michaud, East Hardwick (second).
Group B: Charles Haynes, East Montpelier (second).
Group C: Molly Callan, Enosburg Falls (first); Keenan Thygesen, Tunbridge (second).
Group D: Caroline Kirby, East Montpelier (first).
Group E: Courteney Simpson, Sutton (first); Averie Brown, East Montpelier (fourth).
Group F: Ellie Bissell, Richmond (third)
Senior Showmanship (ages 15-18)
Group A: Joseph Real, Georgia (first).
Group B: Adele Biasini, Morrisville (first); Seth Carson, Newbury (second).
Group C: Isabel Hall, East Montpelier (first); Chandra Stanley, Enosburg (fifth).
Group D: Olyvia Fortin, Newport (fifth).
Group E: Elizabeth Menard, Fairfield (first); Alexis Lawson, Sutton (third).
Group F: Chris Girard, Lunenburg (fourth)
Top finishers in the conformation classes, which are arranged according to age and breed of the animal, were:
Ayrshire
Junior Champion and Reserve Grand Champion — Joseph Real, Georgia
Spring Calf: Keenan Thygesen, Tunbridge (second); Abagail Hurd, Hardwick (third)
Spring Yearling Heifer: Joseph Real, Georgia (first)
Brown Swiss
Senior Champion and Grand Champion — Adele Biasini, Morrisville
Fall Calf: Nathan Parent, St. Albans (first); Olyvia Fortin, Newport (fifth)
Winter Calf: Chandra Stanley, Enosburg (first)
Spring Yearling Heifer: Ellie Bissell, Richmond (first)
Two-year-old Cow: Adele Biasini, Morrisville (first)
Guernsey
Reserve Junior Champion — Cody Trudeau, Newport Center
Winter Calf: Cody Trudeau, Newport Center (first)
Holstein
Senior Champion and Grand Champion — Callum Hutchins, Richford;
Reserve Junior Champion Molly Callan, Enosburg Falls
Fall Calf: Charles Haynes, East Montpelier (first); Isabel Hall, East Montpelier (second); Averie Brown, East Montpelier (sixth); Courteney Simpson, Sutton (eighth)
Winter Calf: Caroline Kirby, East Montpelier (second); Karissa Livingston, New Haven (third); Elizabeth Menard, Fairfield (seventh); Justin Thurber, Barre (eighth)
Spring Yearling Heifer: Molly Callan, Enosburg Falls (first)
Summer Yearling Heifer: Alexis Lawson, Sutton (first); Ted Hartsock, Lyndonville (second)
Winter Yearling Heifer: Lincoln Michaud, East Hardwick (second); Cole Goodhue, Fairfield (third); Christopher Girard, Lunenburg (fifth); Julie Parent, St. Albans (seventh)
Three-year-old Cow: Callum Hutchins, Richford (first)
Jersey
Junior Champion and Reserve Grand Champion — Seth Carson, Newbury
Fall Calf: Seth Carson, Newbury (first)
Summer Yearling Heifer: Sarah Hill, New Haven (first); Matthew Ouellette, Weybridge (second)
Winter Yearling Heifer: Maya Jerose, Enosburg Falls (first)
Contact Wendy Sorrell, UVM Extension 4-H livestock educator, for more information on the Vermont 4-H dairy program. They may be reached at 802-651-8343, ext. 513.
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by President Barack Obama's administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country.
Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who went to the suburban Seattle home to arrest the man's father. ICE spokesperson Rose Richeson said in a statement that agents were there targeting a “prior-deported felon.”
Ramirez, however, was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when they were 7 and has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. They also have a job, a young son and no criminal record, Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams said. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma.
Richeson said Ramirez told agents they were a gang member and based on those statements and being a “risk to public safety,” they were taken into custody.
But Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded later Tuesday that Ramirez “unequivocally denies being in a gang” and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate.
“While in custody, they were repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation,” Rosenbaum said.
Adams said Ramirez is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained.
“This appears to be a complete one-off. We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well.”
Attorneys for Ramirez challenged their detention in federal court in Seattle Monday, arguing the arrest violates their constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as they satisfy DACA requirements.
“Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word,” Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. “Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values.”
Emily Langlie, a spokesperson for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit.
Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat.
President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of their campaign, saying they will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. They have said they want to focus on people who have committed crimes.
During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012.
“We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud,” they told the magazine.
Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an “operational memo” because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously.
Adams said they believe Ramirez was apprehended by mistake.
“I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong,” Adams said. “Hopeful they're going to come to their senses.”
—
This story has been changed to reflect the correct spelling of Emily Langlie's last name.
Comments
comments
“Enthusiasts have wasted no time in testing the new Nvidia Pascal video card drivers, and have found external GPU performance nearly four times that of the Radeon Pro 450 in the 15-inch MacBook Pro,” Mike Wuerthele reports for AppleInsider.
“External GPU enthusiast site egpu.io has affixed a GTX 1080 Ti to an AKiTiO Note and Mantiz Venus enclosure,” Wuerthele reports. “While the cards may be hamstrung slightly by the Thunderbolt 3 interface not being as fast as a 16x PCI-E slot, the results are nonetheless impressive.”
“In a best-case scenario utilizing benchmarks, the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Radeon Pro 450 scores 5822 on the Luxmark 3.1 benchmark, with the Radeon Pro 460 scoring 6056,” Wuerthele reports. “An external GPU feeding video back to the screen of the same MacBook scores 22,673 with a Nvidia GeForce GTX 980 Ti, and 23,172 with the newly enabled 1080 Ti.”
Read more in the full article here.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA (AUG. 15, 2017). Perhaps the saddest drug abuse stories are about unsuspecting children who inadvertently ingest dangerous substances in the home. Fortunately, the case described in this report has a happy ending due to fast action on the part of the response team and pediatric emergency physicians and neurosurgeons. Detailed information on the case can be found in the article, "Severe bilateral cerebellar edema from ingestion of ketamine: case report," by Nicolas Villelli, MD, and colleagues, published today in the Journal of Neurosurgery: Pediatrics .
Background. Ketamine is a medical drug administered to humans (including children) and animals to induce sedation and anesthesia. Its euphoric and dissociative side effects have made it attractive to people seeking recreational drug highs. A ketamine overdose can have serious consequences, and the drug has been implicated in deaths--some due to physiological responses to the drug alone and some caused by risky behaviors brought on by the drugged state.
The Article. The authors recount the case of a 10-month-old baby girl who was found in an unresponsive state along with their brother and grandmother. Initially, carbon monoxide poisoning was believed to be responsible. Not until later did the police determine that all victims had eaten from dishes previously used to soak tobacco leaves in ketamine for use as a recreational drug known as "Kommon."
The child vomited after eating eggs from their dish and went to sleep. They were later found unresponsive by a family member who called for emergency services. At the hospital, it was necessary to use emergency intubation and ventilation for the child's poor breathing. They were minimally responsive and displayed abnormally high muscle tone.
Imaging studies revealed severe swelling in the cerebellar hemispheres. This was blocking the normal flow of cerebrospinal fluid, causing a situation that could be rapidly fatal. The upper part of the brain seemed spared from damage. This set of findings was unusual, because most of the time the upper part of the brain is damaged from lack of oxygen and the cerebellum is spared. This reversal of the expected findings suggested a specific association with the drug that was ingested.
The patient received emergency placement of a drain to divert the spinal fluid, followed by surgical decompression to allow more room for the swelling and to reduce the pressure on the brain.
The patient's neurological condition slowly improved, and artificial ventilation was removed six days postoperatively. At two weeks postoperatively, the infant was able to participate in rehabilitation exercises and the external ventricular drain was replaced with a cerebrospinal fluid shunt. Six months after the injury, although imaging studies showed permanent damage to the cerebellum, the child's clinical recovery was remarkable. Them muscle coordination was normal and, other than a slight speech delay, they were meeting all appropriate developmental milestones.
Prior to this case report not much was known about the pediatric brain's reaction to a ketamine overdose. The importance of this paper lies in the detailed description of the patient's clinical features and the unexpected imaging findings.
In discussing the findings of this study, the corresponding author, Dr. Daniel H. Fulkerson, MD, provided the following comment:
"We are very excited that the child has recovered well following this life-threatening event. Unfortunately, we fear that cases like this will continue to occur, as we have seen a dangerous rise in drug use in our state and in the nation. Innocent kids are often affected. We hope this case shines some light on this particular exposure and helps other medical facilities recognize these unique findings."
###
Disclosure: The authors report no conflict of interest concerning the materials or methods used in this study or the findings specified in this paper.
Villelli N, Hauser N, Gianaris T, Froberg BA, Fulkerson DH: Severe bilateral cerebellar edema from ingestion of ketamine: case report. Journal of Neurosurgery: Pediatrics, published online, ahead of print, August 15, 2016; DOI: 10.3171/2017.5.PEDS16695.
Drs. Villelli, Hauser, Gianaris, and Fulkerson are affiliated with the Department of Neurological Surgery, Division of Pediatric Surgery, Goodman Campbell Brain and Spine; Dr. Froberg is with the Department of Clinical Emergency Medicine and Pediatrics, Indiana School of Medicine.
For additional information, please contact: Ms. Jo Ann M. Eliason, Communications Manager, Journal of Neurosurgery Publishing Group, One Morton Drive, Suite 200, Charlottesville, VA 22903. Email: jaeliason@thejns.org Phone 434-982-1209
The Journal of Neurosurgery: Pediatrics is a monthly peer-reviewed journal focused on diseases and disorders of the central nervous system and spine in children. This journal contains a variety of articles, including descriptions of preclinical and clinical research as well as case reports and technical notes. The Journal of Neurosurgery: Pediatrics is one of four monthly journals published by the JNS Publishing Group, the scholarly journal division of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons. Other peer-reviewed journals published by the JNS Publishing Group each month include the Journal of Neurosurgery, Neurosurgical Focus, and the Journal of Neurosurgery: Spine. All four journals can be accessed at http://www. thejns. org .
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
A post shared by KAYLA RAE REID (@kaylaraereid) on May 13, 2017 at 10:08am PDT
MILAN/PARIS, March 29 Vivendi is considering proposing its CEO Arnaud de Puyfontaine as Telecom Italia's next chairperson, four sources close to the matter said, at a time when the French group's grip over Italian companies is under scrutiny.
The board of Telecom Italia, of which Vivendi is the top shareholder with around 24 percent, comes up for renewal in May. Giuseppe Recchi currently serves as the Italian phone group's chairperson, while de Puyfontaine acts as their deputy.
No final decision has been taken yet and Recchi could be confirmed in their post, two of the people said on Wednesday. Any proposal by Vivendi would have to be approved by Telecom Italia's shareholders.
Vivendi and Telecom Italia declined to comment.
(Reporting by Paola Arosio, Stefano Rebaudo and Danilo Masoni in Milan and Mathieu Rosemain in Paris; writing by Agnieszka Flak)
Alexey Lukyanuk will be aiming to make it three wins from three events in the 2018 FIA European Rally Championship as the series heads to Greece this weekend.
After taking victories in both the Azores Airline Rallye and Rally Islas Canarias so far this season, the Russian will be the man to beat going into round three.
A total of 12 stages and over 200km of stage miles lie ahead for round three of the championship.
19 R5-spec cars are entered and several drivers are aiming to catch up to championship leader Lukyanuk, none more so than Bruno Magalhães, who was forced to settle for seventh last time out after mechanical issues with their Skoda Fabia R5.
The Portuguese driver currently lies 41 points behind the leader after just two rounds, but a win in Greece could see them claw back points with several of their other rivals including Nikolay Gryazin and Fabian Kreim not entering round three due to it not being a designated event in the ERC Junior U28 series.
This gives drivers such as defending Greek champion Grzegorz Grzyb, who enters their home event and Hungarian Rally Champion Norbert Herczig the perfect opportunity to finish strongly overall this weekend.
The entry list also sees former GT driver Albert von Thurn und Taxis enter this with new co-driver Frank Christian, while young Pole Hubert Ptaszek enters the main ERC class after a strong start to their U28 campaign. Finn Juuso Nordgren, part of Skoda's works outfit in the WRC2 championship, enters their maiden ERC event this weekend.
With both the ERC Junior U28 and U27 classes both missing this weekend, attention switches next to the ERC2 class, which sees a season-high of seven drives entered. Defending champion Tibor Érdi Jr will be aiming to win for the second event in a row, but the Hungarian won't have it all their own way as drivers including Sergei Remennik and Juan Carlos Alonso will be battling for the win.
ERC3 also sees a strong entry list, with Emma Falcón going up against Artur Muradian, Greek driver Chrisostomos Karellis and Amittarjit Ghosh.
Round three of the 2018 FIA European Rally Championship takes place this weekend between June 1-3.
× Walking Track Inside Pocono Library
CHESTNUTHILL TOWNSHIP — Inside the Western Pocono Community Library near Brodheadsville, you can do many things — including getting a workout.
The basement level of the building has a climate-controlled indoor walking track.
IT'S where Marie Horstman was walking off their post-Easter dinner.
“We try to come three days a week, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.”
The track is free and open to the public year round.
Library Director Carol Kern says many people and groups use the place to exercise.
“When we began, it was a concrete floor, no ceiling, just the floor above and we redid it about five years ago to make it more appealing,” Kern said.
In order to reach one mile, walkers have to circle the place 16 times and once they are done, they enter a number of laps they took into a book. Each year, they meet a goal and this year's goal is 100,000 miles.
Mary Rupe from Effort comes to walk with friends. They say the place comes in handy when you're looking to get out of the house.
“Just coming and meeting people here, they are very friendly. It's a nice place to come and walk,” said Rupe.
Others like the fact they have a place they can walk rain or shine.
The track is open Monday through Saturday. The hours of operation are posted here.
By The Associated Press
PREP FOOTBALL
VHSL State Championship=
Class 6A=
Westfield 28, Oscar Smith 21
Class 5A=
Highland Springs 40, Tuscarora 27
Class 4A=
Salem 43, Louisa 22
Class 3A=
Hopewell 20, Heritage-Lynchburg 14
Class 2A=
Appomattox 38, R.E. Lee-Staunton 34
Class 1A=
Riverheads 42, Chilhowie 0
___
Some high school football scores provided by Scorestream.com, https://scorestream.com/
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It seems that Washington still has a long way to go before it makes a step toward Moscow, Radio Sputnik contributor Ilya Kharlamov noted in their latest op-ed.
"Reports come one after another, raising doubts about the attitude of the new team in Washington toward real improvement in relations with Moscow," Kharlamov wrote.
On Tuesday the Pentagon accused Russia of "unsafe" and "unprofessional' actions in the Black Sea near the USS Porter (DDG 78) destroyer.
"Several incidents by multiple Russian aircraft in the Black Sea near the destroyer USS Porter (DDG 78) on February 10 were assessed as unsafe and unprofessional by the ship's commanding officer. Such incidents are concerning because they could result in accident or miscalculation," US Defense Department spokesperson Michelle Baldanza told Sputnik.
"The Russian aircraft did not have their transponders on," they added.
The Russian Defense Ministry dismissed the allegations.
"There were no incidents related to a flyby of Russian military aircraft near the USS Porter destroyer in the Black Sea on February 10," Russian Ministry spokesperson Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said in a statement, adding that all the flights of Russia's aircraft over the Black Sea had been carried out in line with international regulations and safety requirements.
Kharlamov pointed out that simultaneously US mainstream media reported of a "Russian spy ship" which was allegedly spotted "patrolling off the coast of Delaware."
"What really matters is in what context one put such messages," Kharlamov said, adding that it appears that this context is currently being shaped by US hawks, such as Senator John McCain.
Indeed, on the very same day John McCain released an official statement claiming that Russia has violated the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty by allegedly deploying nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in Europe.
They called upon the Trump administration to take "immediate action."
"Congress has made clear in the last two defense authorization bills that Russia's treaty violation requires a meaningful response. In light of the most recent developments, it is time for the new administration to take immediate action to enhance our deterrent posture in Europe and protect our allies," McCain's statement reads.
© AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz., leaves a closed-door GOP policy luncheon at the Capitol in Washington
Commenting on the issue, Kharlamov noted that the US Senator somehow has forgotten that Washington recently supplied Lockheed Martin JASSM long range standoff precision strike missiles to Poland.
Furthermore, the journalist suggested that McCain is apparently unaware of the fact that in 2002 George W. Bush unilaterally withdrew from the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty opening the door to a new arms race and undermining global security.
According to Kharlamov, General Michael Flynn's resignation as Donald Trump's national security advisor falls within the recent trend.
"The official version is that [Flynn] did not report the details of their conversation [with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak] to their superiors. But the media found out that there was a campaign [launched] by Barack Obama's supporters against Flynn," the journalist noted.
But that is not all.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday that the Trump administration expects Russia to "return Crimea" to Ukraine.
"President Trump has made it very clear that they expect the Russian government to deescalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea," Spicer said, adding that "at the same time, they fully expect to and wants to get along with Russia."
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 15 февраля 2017 г.
​Crimea rejoined Russia in 2014 following a referendum that clearly indicated that 97 percent of the region's population embraced the reunification.
In response to Washington's statement Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov highlighted that this issue will not be discussed.
"This topic will not be discussed, because it cannot be discussed. Russia does not discuss issues related to its territory with foreign partners," Peskov told reporters.
Commenting on the matter Wednesday the Russian lower house international affairs committee chairperson, Leonid Slutsky, told reporters that Russia's "inflated expectations" with the administration of US President Donald Trump are offset but not entirely rolled back
Kharlamov noted in their op-ed that although Trump hinted at the possibility of reconsidering the US stance toward Crimea during their election campaign, they are being held hostage by US elites and mainstream media which describe them as a "pro-Russian" politician.
"Trump cannot redraw the entire system or change the [US] elite," the journalist pointed out.
The question whether Trump will make efforts to overcome the establishment's traps and restore US-Russian relations remains open.
Speaking to Sputnik on Tuesday, political analyst and Israeli publicist Avigdor Eskin emphasized that Trump still can win if they continue to deliver on their election promises.
"His only chance to prevail is by forcing their way through in order to win as soon as possible massive support at home and active assistance from their real allies around the world. They must stick to their promises and show uncompetitive faithfulness to their team," Eskin stressed.
WINDOW ROCK
A Stage 1 fire restriction for the the Mount Taylor District, which is comprised of two mountain ranges – Mt. Taylor and the Zuni Mountains – will go into effect on Thursday, said Alvin Whitehair, district ranger for the Forest Service's Mount Taylor Ranger District.
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture press release, a Stage 1 fire restriction means campfires, charcoal, coal and wood stoves fires are prohibited unless in developed areas provided by the Forest Service. Smoking is also prohibited unless it is within an enclosed vehicle, building, or a developed recreation site.
A Stage 2 fire restriction, according to the USDA Forest Service website, is a more strict restriction, which prohibits discharging a firearm, except during a legal and permit-held hunting season, operating any internal combustion engines, welding, or operating an acetylene or other torch with flames, or using an explosive.
The mountain ranges cover a combined area of 520,000 acres, with elevations ranging from 6,500 feet to 11,301 feet, said Whitehair.
The restriction, which affects all of Forest Service Region 3, Cibola National Forest and Grasslands, is expected to be in place until Dec. 31, Whitehair said.
While a restriction will be put in place for Mt. Taylor and Zuni Mountain ranges, Darryl Wilson, a fire prevention specialist with the BIA Fire and Aviation Management, said there are no restrictions in place for the Navajo Nation.
Wilson said that despite the lack of restrictions, people who plan to do any type of burning should be careful.
“The main thing I want to stress: Campers at Wheatfields Lake are not properly putting out their fires,” Wilson said. “Douse your fire with lots of water and stir it up and make sure there is bare earth around it.”
Wilson also urged anyone planning field burns to postpone them until conditions for burning improve. They also wanted to remind everyone that a permit from the Navajo EPA is needed before doing any kind of burning.
While certain exemptions are made, such as having a Forest Service permit, law enforcement and fire officials performing their official duties, resident owners or lessees of land and holders of Forest Service recreation special use authorizations, violators could face a Class B misdemeanor, which could include a fine of up to $5,000 for an individual and $10,000 for an organization, or imprisonment of up to six months, or both, Whitehair said.
Fireworks are illegal on U.S. Forest Service areas, as well as the Navajo Nation.
To read the full article, pick up your copy of the Navajo Times at your nearest newsstand Thursday mornings! Find newsstand locations at this link.
Work to revive the Spanish City in Whitley Bay has reached another milestone as major improvements outside the building are now under way.
Empress Gardens, the area between the iconic venue and the Cenotaph on the Links, is being refurbished and the public realm is being enhanced.
The landscaping work, which is being carried out by Robertson Construction, began on Monday and is due to continue for the duration of the restoration project.
Attractive footpaths will be created to make the area more accessible, new street furniture – including seating and shelters – will be installed and the area will feature new garden spaces with planters, grass and flowerbeds.
North Tyneside Council, in partnership with Robertson Construction and architecture firm ADP, is carrying out a £10million restoration of the Spanish City building.
An area will be created for the land train to stop and the improvements will complement the work being carried out at Central Lower Promenade and on the Northern Promenade.
Members of the public are advised that the area around Empress Gardens will be closed to allow the work to be carried out.
It will not be possible to access the gardens themselves, but the surrounding paths will remain open, as will the area in front of the Premier Inn, the ramp and steps at Watt's Road, which lead onto the Northern Promenade, and the Links and toilets.
The Di Meo ice cream kiosk will also remain open as normal.
Elected Mayor Norma Redfearn said: “I am delighted that we have reached another milestone in the project. The landscaping work will look absolutely fantastic and really liven up the area.
“I know the gardens have a lot of sentimental value. People like to sit in the area and take in the views and our designs are sympathetic to this – they include more seating than there is currently and will provide shelter from the elements.”
Following completion of works, the venue will be run by Kymel Trading Ltd as a collection of leisure facilities, including a fine dining seafood restaurant and champagne and oyster bar with floor-to-ceiling windows.
There will be event space for weddings, corporate events and parties, as well as traditional tearooms, a family-friendly fish and chip restaurant and takeaway and an ice-cream parlour.
A range of public events will also be held, such as fairs, cinema screenings, tea dances and seasonal events.
The restoration is part of the council's Seafront Master Plan to regenerate the coastline between St Mary's Lighthouse and Cullercoats Bay.
This article originally appeared at Bloomberg:
advertisement
A recent survey commissioned by the New York Times found that people who could find North Korea on a map were more likely to favor talks over military action. A glance at North Asia's geography explains why.
More than six decades after the Korean War ended without a peace treaty, the peninsula remains bisected in a perpetual stalemate, with the U.S.-backed South Korean military lined up against more than a million North Korean troops. While tensions have occasionally flared — such as after Kim Jong-un's weapons tests or threats of “merciless revenge” over American-led military exercises that began Monday — the two sides have so far staved off another devastating conflict.
The 250-kilometer (160-mile) border defined in a 1953 armistice lays bare one obvious peril of any confrontation: The demilitarized zone sits on the doorstep of the Seoul metropolitan area, where about half of South Korea's 51 million people live.
86-year-old man targeted in home invasion in Perth's south The West Australian
Police say an intruder forced their way into a Leda home before ransacking the place.
(Repeats to chain to alerts)
By Dan Freed
NEW YORK, April 19 Billionaire investor Warren Buffett supports Wells Fargo & Co's management and board of directors, and has likely already voted shares owned by them and and their conglomerate, Berkshire Hathaway Inc, in line with the bank's official suggestions, a representative told Reuters.
Wells Fargo's board is facing a threat at a shareholder meeting next week because proxy advisers are telling shareholders not to support many of them. The opposition is related to a scandal wherein employees created up to 2 million accounts in customers' names without their permission.
Buffett's support is influential because of their status as a savvy investor. Although they recently sold some shares, Buffett and their firm own nearly 10 percent of Wells Fargo stock.
Wells Fargo Chief Executive Tim Sloan recently told The Wall Street Journal that Buffett would support the board, but Buffett had not confirmed Sloan's statement until now. (Reporting by Dan Freed; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Yazoo City native Kenneth Westbrook has published a novel titled Set Free by the Sea.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Kentucky coach Mark Stoops believes their team is capable of winning decisively despite its history of squeaking by opponents.
The Wildcats' four wins have come by a total margin of 32 points. A last-second interception preserved last week's 24-20 escape of Eastern Michigan and left players and Stoops feeling they should have played much better.
But Kentucky has held the lead in most of its games and the Wildcats (4-1, 1-1) believe they are on the verge of a breakout performance. The Wildcats are determined to be more dominant from start to finish in Saturday night's Southeastern Conference game against Missouri (1-3, 0-2).
"After watching the film, we played very good on defence and very good on special teams," said Stoops, whose team had a season-low 228 yards on offence. "Offensively, we'll get it fixed but there's no (pressing the) panic button.
"You just look at the things and get them fixed and move on. Some are easy and some are difficult. There's going to be games when we're going to have to outscore people."
Homecoming should add motivation for Kentucky to put it all together. The contest is the first of six consecutive SEC matchups the Wildcats hope will vault them into Eastern Division contention after a crushing loss to Florida. They lead the series 4-3, and a third straight win against Mizzou can even their SEC record at 6.
The Tigers had a bye following three straight losses, including SEC defeats to South Carolina and No. 12 Auburn . They were outscored 117-30 in that stretch, which made the off week welcome.
Mizzou coach Barry Odom said the downtime has allowed their team to heal after the opening month left them banged up. The Tigers also look forward to beginning road play.
But Odom doesn't want players to press in search of their first SEC win.
"If you've prepared the right way, you let it happen and go make plays and don't stress too much," Odom said. "Usually when that happens, you can play freely."
YOU WANNA GO FOR A RIDE? Watching Grown Men Downhill Race In Barbie Jeeps Is The Best Kind Of Bedlam
We're ready to lobby the Olympic Committee because this is far and away our new favorite sport.
Stafford Springs, CT — When the green flag drops on the 2017 SK Light season at Stafford Motor Speedway, Plainville native George Nocera, Jr. will be back in the starting field for the first time since the 2008 season with a fairytale story and a well-known car owner.
Being a lifelong Plainville resident, Nocera grew up a fan of Ted Christopher, who tops the career championships and feature win list at Stafford notching the most of any driver in the history of the half-mile. Nocera is familiar with open-wheeled racing competing in the SK Light division in 2007 and 2008 for car owner Gary Bienkowski. George will now pilot a car that owned by their racing idol Christopher and sponsored by Allstate Fire Equipment and M&T Enterprises.
“It was a couple of months back I was joking around with some of my friends about trying to get back out there and we started looking at some cars,” said Nocera. “We ended up talking with Teddy and we're going to rent a car from them for the season. Just being able to race one of Teddy's cars is the biggest thing ever for me. Being from Plainville, my father would take me to the track and I was always a Teddy fan growing up. This whole situation is so surreal to me, I almost feel like one day I'm going to wake up from this dream and it'll all be over.”
In their career at Stafford, Nocera has driven every type of car except for an SK Modified® machine. From 2005-2014 Nocera competed in the DARE Stocks, Limited Late Models, SK Lights, and Late Models. Nocera had 3 wins in their only season of DARE Stock competition in 2005, and they grabbed 10 feature wins in the Limited Late Model division from 2006-2011. Nocera's best SK Light finish was a series of third place finishes during their abbreviated 2008 campaign. George is confident that they have everything they need in place in order to collect their first career open wheeled feature victory.
“There's a small group of my friends that are going to help me out along with Teddy's crew chief Mike O'Sullivan, who said he'd help us out with tires and things that I'm not too familiar with on the car,” said Nocera. “With their help, I think we can be good because he's helped Teddy to many wins and championships. The car is an old Mystique car and there's not much for us to do. We have to change the gear and a couple of other things and we have a motor from T/A so we're ready to get racing. I feel confident, I've been driving cars long enough that we should be able to be a contender with everyone else right away. We have good equipment with one of Ted's cars and I don't see why we couldn't go out and get on the podium or even be a contender for the championship. If we can't contend for the championship, I'd like to at least get a couple of wins because I haven't won in the SK Lights yet. I grew up watching Teddy race and it would be mind blowing if we could win this year in one of their cars.”
If there is one area where Nocera might be rusty upon their return to Stafford, it would be the competition that they will be facing each Friday night. With 43 drivers registered for the SK Light division, Nocera will face an interesting mix of veteran, young, and rookie drivers as they look for their first career SK Light win.
“There's going to be a big field of cars this season and I think the biggest challenge for us might be to just survive,” said Nocera. “I think we were the 40th car to register this season and I see a lot of familiar faces and some younger drivers on the list. I'm sure that they can all drive so it's going to be a very competitive season for sure and we can't wait to get started. It might take a couple of practice sessions to get going because most of the guys aren't used to working on SK Lights, which are a little underpowered compared to the SK cars. But I definitely think we can be one of the fastest cars right away.”
Nocera also has their eyes set on the May 26th Dunleavy's Modifiedz Night, where the SK Lights will race a 40-lap feature instead of their usual 20-lap distance and there will be a guaranteed purse of $10,000 up for grabs with the race winner looking at a payday of over $2,500 with contingency bonuses and the purse money.
“We're all looking forward to the Dunleavy's Night, that race is kind of what turned our heads that we needed to put something together and get back to racing at Stafford,” said Nocera. “We can't wait for that race and that will be one of the longest races I've ever ran in my career. I just have to keep my head and be there at the end.”
The 2017 SK Light season kicks off with the 46th Annual NAPA Auto Parts Spring Sizzler on April 28-30. Tickets for the “Greatest Race in the History of Spring” are on sale now at the Speedway Box Office. Tickets are priced at $40.00 for adult general admission tickets, $5.00 for children ages 6-14, and children ages 5 and under are admitted free of charge when accompanied by an adult. Reserved seating is priced at $42.00 for all ages. As always, Stafford Motor Speedway offers free parking with overnight parking available. All tickets are good for both Saturday and Sunday admission. All ticket prices include 10% CT Admission Tax.
For more information on the 46th Annual NAPA Auto Parts Spring Sizzler, or to order tickets, contact the Stafford Motor Speedway track office at 860-684-2783 or visit us on the web at www.staffordspeedway.com.
Sources: Scott Running/Stafford Motor Speedway PR
Future Market Insights delivers key insights on the global retread tires market in its latest report titled ‘Retread Tires Market: Global Industry Analysis (2013 – 2017) and Opportunity Assessment 2018 –2028.' The long-term outlook of the global retread tires market remains positive and the market value is expected to increase at a CAGR of 4.6% during the forecast period (2018 – 2028). Among the end use segments of the retread tires market, the heavy commercial vehicles segment is expected to expand with a significant CAGR in terms of value as well as volume over the forecast period. The global sales of retread tires is estimated to be valued at US$ 8,684.9 Mn by the end of 2018. The China retread tires market is estimated to account for a value share of 29.6% in the global retread tires market by 2018 end and is anticipated to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period. In this report, Future Market Insights throws light on the drivers and restraints likely to impact revenue growth of the retread tires market during this period.
Increasing Automotive Production and Vehicle Parc to Drive Market Revenue Growth
Sales of retread tires is directly related to vehicle parc and vehicle production. Despite unstable economic conditions in the market in the recent past, the global automotive industry has witnessed satisfactory growth. Automotive production is anticipated to increase with a modest CAGR of 3%–3.5% during the forecast period. Automotive production is expected to be higher in emerging economies as compared to that in developed economies. This can mainly be attributed to increasing urbanisation and stable economic conditions in these regions. During the forecast period, the fleet on road is also expected to rise with a modest CAGR, thereby providing marginal opportunities for the growth of the retread tires market over the forecast period.
A sample of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3657
Global Retread Tires Market: Segmentation Analysis
The global retread tires market can be segmented on the basis of vehicle type into passenger car, light commercial vehicle, heavy commercial vehicle and off road vehicle. On the basis of vehicle type, the heavy commercial vehicle segment is anticipated to continue to dominate the global market in terms of value over the forecast period. The demand for retread tires in heavy commercial vehicles is estimated to grow at a relatively high CAGR as compared to other vehicle types over the forecast period. This segment is expected to represent a total incremental opportunity of US$ 2,228.1 Mn between 2018 and 2028.
Global Retread Tires Market: Regional Market Projections
The China retread tires market is expected to represent a significantly high incremental opportunity between 2018 and 2028, while the South East Asia & Pacific retread tires market is projected to expand at a significant CAGR in terms of volume over the forecast period. Sales of retread tires in South East Asia & Pacific is expected to represent a total incremental opportunity of US$ 469.6 Mn between 2018 and 2028.
Global Retread Tires Market: Vendor Landscape
The report highlights some of the top companies operating in the global retread tires market such as Bridgestone Corporation, The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Marangoni S.p.A., MICHELIN, MRF Tyres JK Tyres, Easters Treads, Nokian Tyres plc, Kraiburg Austria Gmbh & Co.Kg, Pilipinas Kai Rubber Corporation.
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @
DENVER (AP) - The month of May was a big hit for Brandon Crawford.
Make that 42 hits to be exact.
Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in center field to thwart a rally, and the San Francisco Giants avoided being swept with a 7-4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday night.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising their season average from .189 to .307.
"I tell you this guy has been fun to watch after their start and he's picked it up," said Giants manager Bruce Bochy, whose team won for just the second time in 14 games at Coors Field. "He's just been doing everything so well. He's a great player - All-Star, Gold Glover and he's playing like it."
Derek Holland (3-6) settled down after giving up a three-run homer to Nolan Arenado in the first. The left-hander allowed four runs in five innings to help the Giants snap a three-game skid.
The Giants' bullpen allowed three hits the rest of the way, with Hunter Strickland getting Arenado to pop up with two on to end the game and earn their 11th save.
"It would've been nice to get a sweep. Just wasn't meant to be. The Giants had some good at-bats," Arenado said. "They deserved to win today."
Between four strikeouts, Evan Longoria delivered a run-scoring triple in the fifth off reliever Harrison Musgrave (0-1) that staked the Giants to a 5-4 lead. Over the three-game series, Longoria also had two homers and two doubles.
Hernandez hauled in the catch of the night in the fifth with two on and two out. They dove to snare a sinking liner by Carlos Gonzalez, who tossed their batting helmet in frustration.
"That was the turning point," Bochy said. "That ball was smoked. What a great play they made."
Jon Gray turned in their shortest outing of the season at 3 1/3 innings. They walked two straight batters with the bases loaded in the fourth to allow the Giants tie the score at 4. Musgrave entered and the Rockies got out of the tight spot when Andrew McCutchen's liner was dropped by Trevor Story, who then began a double play.
"Absolutely horrible. Bad mindset," Gray said of their pitching performance. "I feel like my stuff was really good, well enough to win. But I wasn't going at guys I should have. I think I picked around the corners and got behind too much. I have to go at guys and get them out."
Pablo Sandoval started at second base a day after Kelby Tomlinson committed three errors. Sandoval had an RBI single in the second.
Tomlinson entered the game in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: RHP Jeff Samardzija was placed on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness. ... INF Joe Panik (left thumb) could return to the Giants on Friday. ... RHP Mark Melancon (elbow) will be evaluated Thursday.
Rockies: 2B DJ LeMahieu (left thumb) took multiple at-bats in Arizona on Wednesday. "He's doing really well. He's close," manager Bud Black said. Possibly activated Friday? "You can speculate. I'm not going to tell you. But you can speculate it a lot," Black said.
FIRST PITCH
Before the game, 8-year-old Hailey Dawson of Las Vegas delivered a ceremonial underhand pitch to Chad Bettis while wearing a Rockies-themed prosthetic hand. They have Poland syndrome, which stunted the growth of the fingers on their right hand.
It was their ninth stadium visit in their quest to throw in every major league park. Them next stop is Seattle.
She's also delivered pitches at Baltimore, Washington, San Diego, San Francisco, Chicago Cubs, Texas, Cleveland, and during Game 4 of the 2017 World Series in Houston. Several Rockies players signed their prosthetic hand, including Ian Desmond, Arenado and Gonzalez.
UP NEXT
Giants: The Giants head home for six games after going 2-6 on their trip. RHP Chris Stratton (6-3, 4.97 ERA) starts Friday in a three-game set against Philadelphia.
Rockies: After a day off, LHP Tyler Anderson (4-1, 4.72 ERA) takes the ball Friday to open a three-game series against the Dodgers and LHP Alex Wood (1-4, 3.75).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
ARSENE WENGERS SAYS a lack of “financial power” prevented Arsenal from bolstering their defensive ranks in the January transfer window.
The Gunners were able to bring added firepower in the final third onto their books, with a club-record £55 million fee acquiring Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Dortmund.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan also arrived from Manchester United in a swap deal which took Alexis Sanchez in the opposite direction.
Promising Greek defender Konstantinos Mavropanos was the only addition at the back, though, and Wenger admits they are unable to compete with the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool – who spent £57m and £75m on Aymeric Laporte and Virgil van Dijk respectively – for the best in the business.
The Frenchman told reporters after facing criticism for failing to enhance a key area of their squad: “Look, defensive strengthening is a huge problem for everybody.
“Everybody looks for defenders. You could see again, you look at City, they buy again a defender. How much money did they spend on defenders in the last three years?
“We don't have the financial power of Manchester City. And the fact that they conceded half the goals we conceded is as well down to the fact that offensively they are very powerful. And they have a lot of possession in the opponent's half that we have not.”
Arsenal were heavily linked with West Brom's Jonny Evans as the window came to a close.
The former Manchester United centre-half would have added vast Premier League experience to their squad, but a late offer was knocked back by the Baggies.
Alan Pardew admitted after the deadline passed that an offer from Arsenal had got “nowhere near” securing the Northern Ireland international, with reports suggesting that the Gunners only put £12m on the table.
With no deal done, Wenger will have to dip back into the market over the summer if they are to find the necessary additions to a defensive unit which could lose Per Mertesacker at the end of their contract.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The price paid for arable land in England over the past six months ranges from £6,800 to £15,000/acre, according to land and property specialists Strutt & Parker.The proportion of farms being bought by buyers using capital made outside of farming is rising.These investors fall into three main categories: lifestyle buyers, individuals with rollover funds from the sale of development land or those looking for an asset with long-term capital growth. To most of these investors, location is key.Demand appears to be strongest for cereal farms, but over 40% of the dairy, mixed, residential farms and estates marketed last year remain available.Farm size also has an effect – only 15% of the larger farms (over 1,000 acres) marketed during 2017 are still available or have been withdrawn, compared with over 40% of 500-1,000 acre farms.“Average prices have been relatively stable over the past couple of years, but it's important to acknowledge they only reflect the land which has sold and you also need to be looking at what isn't selling, to give a true reflection of the market,” said Michael Fiddes, head of estate and farm agency at Strutt & Parker.“Our figures show that over a third of the farms marketed in 2017 either remain available or have been withdrawn and these farms are obviously not factored into average prices.“There are still farms selling incredibly well, but overall it is getting tougher. The market remains incredibly polarised with location and farm type, rather than quality, remaining the key drivers of the price achieved.”He added: “Land is still achieving excellent prices in areas where there are tight supplies and where buyers are funding a purchase with money from outside of farming. However, in areas where farmer buyers dominate, prices can be lowed.”The Strutt & Parker Farmland Database shows supplies of land coming to the market remain tight, which will be helping to support prices.Less land was publicly marketed during the first half of 2018 than the equivalent period in 2016 and 2017.However, the trend for farms to be sold off market or privately continues. Strutt & Parker estimates that private sales currently account for 20-25% of the market.Mr Fiddes added: “That we are in this position is not unexpected, and it is one that is likely to continue until there is greater certainty about the impact of policy changes on the agricultural sector. Until then, we will be dealing with a market which is much like the weather – full of extremes.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some of Gloucester's poorest residents are sharing their lives with a large slice of history.
Kieron Harper is one of those people who are living on more than 2,000 years of Gloucester's history in Wellington Street.
Their flat is one of 22 one- and two-bedroom homes built by Two Rivers Housing in the city centre.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
It stands on the site of the former Gloucester British School, was built in the 1800s, and the development incorporates the historic foundation and memorial stones.
But remains uncovered during excavation shows that people have been living or working on this site for much longer.
Archaeologists uncovered fragments of Roman pottery, a clay pipe and a roof tile when work first started.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
These items, dating back nearly 2,000 years, are now in the care of the Museum of Gloucester.
Stephen Ingram, who managed the development for Two Rivers Housing, said: “Most of our properties are one or two storeys high and in rural locations, so it was particularly interesting to manage a project of a block of flats on four levels in the middle of the city centre!
“The historical aspect of the site was also intriguing, and I am really pleased we were able to retain, and incorporate, the foundation stone in the new building.”
And what's more it has helped, young people find a new home in the city centre.
Two Rivers Housing built the homes to cater for demand for affordable homes to rent from city-lovers.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
They are a stone's throw from shops and entertainment, ideal for a young person setting up home.
Kieron was one of the first to move in. The 25-year-old is Gloucester born and bred, their family are just a few minutes away and he's within an easy walk or cycle ride to work near the hospital.
“I love it,” said Kieron. “The location's perfect and this is home to me.”
An updated American Cancer Society guideline says colorectal cancer screening should begin at age 45 for people at average risk, based in part on data showing rates of colorectal cancer are increasing in young and middle-aged populations.
The new recommended starting age is based on colorectal cancer (CRC) incidence rates, results from microsimulation modeling that demonstrate a favorable benefit-to-burden balance of screening beginning at age 45, and the expectation that screening will perform similarly in adults ages 45 to 49 as it does in adults for whom screening is currently recommended (50 and older). The updated recommendations are published early online in CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians, a peer-reviewed journal of the American Cancer Society.
The American Cancer Society recommends:
Adult ages 45 and older with an average risk of colorectal cancer undergo regular screening with either a high-sensitivity stool-based test or a structural (visual) exam, depending on patient preference and test availability. The change in starting age is designated as a "qualified recommendation," because there is less direct evidence of the balance of benefits and harms, or patients' values and preferences, related to CRC screening in adults aged 45-49 since most studies have only included adults aged 50+. The recommendation for regular screening in adults aged 50 years and older is designated as a "strong recommendation," on the basis of the greater strength of the evidence and the judgment of the overall benefit.
As a part of the screening process, all positive results on non-colonoscopy screening tests should be followed up with timely colonoscopy.
Average-risk adults in good health with a life expectancy of greater than 10 years should continue colorectal cancer screening through age 75. Clinicians should individualize colorectal cancer screening decisions for individuals ages 76 through 85, based on patient preferences, life expectancy, health status, and prior screening history. Clinicians should discourage individuals over age 85 from continuing colorectal cancer screening.
The recommended options for colorectal cancer screening are: fecal immunochemical test (FIT) annually; high sensitivity guaiac-based fecal occult blood test (HSgFOBT) annually; multi-target stool DNA test (mt-sDNA) every 3 years; colonoscopy every 10 years; CT colonography (CTC) every 5 years; and flexible sigmoidoscopy (FS) every 5 years.
The new guideline does not prioritize among screening test options. Given the evidence that adults vary in their test preferences, the guidelines development committee emphasized that screening rates could be improved by endorsing the full range of tests without preference. The American Cancer Society has developed new materials to facilitate conversations between clinicians and patients to help patients decide which test is best for them.
"When we began this guideline update, we were initially focused on whether screening should begin earlier in racial subgroups with higher colorectal cancer incidence, which some organizations already recommend," said Richard C. Wender, M.D., chief cancer control officer for the American Cancer Society. "But as we saw data pointing to a persistent trend of increasing colorectal cancer incidence in younger adults, including American Cancer Society research that indicated this effect would carry forward with increasing age, we decided to reevaluate the age to initiate screening in all U.S. adults."
Colorectal cancer incidence has declined steadily over the past two decades in people 55 and over due to screening that results in removal of polyps, as well as changes in exposure to risk factors, but there has been a 51% increase in colorectal cancer among those under age 50 since 1994. Death rates in this age group have also begun to rise in recent years, indicating that increased incidence rates do not appear to be solely the result of increased use of colonoscopy. A recent analysis found that adults born around 1990 have twice the risk of colon cancer and four times the risk of rectal cancer compared with adults born around 1950, who have the lowest risk.
While the colorectal cancer incidence rate among adults 45 to 49 is lower than it is among adults 50 to 54 (31.4 vs. 58.4 per 100,000), the higher rate in the 50-54 age group is partially influenced by the uptake of screening at age 50, which leads to an increase in the incidence rate due to detection of prevalent cancers before symptoms arise. Since adults in their 40s are far less likely to be screened than those in their 50s (17.8% vs. 45.3%), the true underlying risk in adults aged 45-49 years is likely closer to the risk in adults ages 50 to 54 than the most recent age-specific rates would suggest. Importantly, studies suggest the younger age cohorts will continue to carry the elevated risk forward with them as they age.
Organizations have increasingly relied on modeling to evaluate alternative CRC screening strategies, including variations in the age to start and stop screening. Two of three microsimulation models conducted for the 2016 United States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) screening recommendations suggested that starting colonoscopy screening with an interval of 15 years at age 45 vs age 50 provided a slightly more favorable balance between the benefits and burden of screening. However, the USPSTF elected not to recommend the younger starting age in 2016, judging the estimated additional benefit to be "modest," and also noting that one of the three models did not corroborate the additional benefit and there was a lack of empirical evidence to support the change.
A new modeling study commissioned by ACS for this review extended these analyses by incorporating more recent studies of the rising incidence trends in younger adults and showed that multiple screening strategies beginning at age 45, including colonoscopy at the conventional 10-year interval, had a more favorable benefit to burden ratio with more life-years gained compared with starting screening at age 50.
"One of the most significant and disturbing developments in CRC is the marked increase in CRC incidence - particularly rectal cancer --among younger individuals," conclude the authors. "While the causes of this increase are not understood, it has been observed in all adult age groups below the age when screening has historically been offered, and is contributing significantly to the burden of suffering imposed by premature CRC mortality. Incorporating this epidemiological shift into contemporary modeling of CRC screening demonstrated that the benefit-burden balance is improved by lowering the age to initiate CRC screening to 45 years. Lowering the starting age is expected to benefit not only the segments of the population who suffer disproportionately from CRC - blacks, Alaska Natives, and American Indians - but also those individuals otherwise considered to be at average risk. Moreover, epidemiological trends in cohorts as young as those born in 1990 suggest that the higher risk of developing CRC will be a persistent concern for decades to come."
###
The Guidelines Development Group was led by: Andrew Wolf, M.D., University of Virginia School of Medicine.
Article: Colorectal Cancer Screening for Average-Risk Adults: 2018 Guideline Update from the American Cancer Society; CA: A Cancer J for Clin doi: 10.3322/caac.21457.
It was an historic feminist victory over the rosary-clutching Irish patriarchy, a successful revolt of the young against the old, a triumph of Dublin's smart and forward-thinking secularists over the priest-ridden Catholic farmers of the countryside.
Except it was no such thing.
After a thumping 67 per cent majority of Irish voters cast their ballots last Friday to repeal the country's constitutional ban on abortion, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland quite properly offered congratulations from Ottawa and Environment Minister Catherine McKenna exchanged high-fives with Canada's ambassador to Ireland, Kevin Vickers.
And fair enough, too, but Ireland has not suddenly joined the ranks of quite the same liberal, feminist universe where quite a few Canadians seem to think our own country shines like some sort of lodestar. In one key respect, the opposite is true. While Ireland's abortion ban was an outlier in the developed world, Canada is now the outlier.
There are no statutory restrictions on abortion in Canada, and the consensus among Canada's political parties is that the issue is best left alone. In Ireland, the consensus is now that the issue cannot be simply left alone.
Leading up to last weekend's referendum, opinion polls showed only one-third of Irish voters favour a Canadian-style legal regime. Unlike the case in Canada, abortion is regulated and restricted in various ways in all of the European Union's 27 countries. Ireland is simply becoming more European.
The Eighth Amendment to the Irish constitution had effectively outlawed abortion in the 26-county Irish republic, prohibiting lawmakers from legislating on the subject and forcing Irishwomen, even in cases of rape, to travel to Britain for abortions. From Fianna Fail on the right to Sinn Fein on the left, Ireland's mainstream political parties are now divided only marginally and only in the details of what sort of regulations and restrictions should be included in a post-referendum abortion law.
Whatever the Catholic hierarchy had to say on the subject – as you might imagine, Ireland's Catholic bishops and priests urged the faithful to cast “no” votes – roughly two-thirds of voters who professed to be committed Irish Catholics voted “yes” to repeal the Eighth Amendment. Paradoxically, with the possible exception of Poland, the most severe restrictions on access to abortion in all of Europe are now to be found in the six-county, Protestant-majority statelet of Northern Ireland.
It is quite true that older Irish people tended to vote against the tide. But Ireland is a young country. Only about 12 per cent of population is over 65, and even in that demographic about 40 per cent voted to repeal the abortion ban.
Neither was the abortion ban merely a misogynistic holdover from the grim and dreary days of Éamon De Valera's stagnant, cold republic of the 1950s. Abortion had been outlawed in Ireland from the days of British rule in the 19th century, but the constitutional ban was implemented only in the 1980s, following a two-thirds vote in a referendum in 1983.
And now, almost exactly two-thirds of Irish voters cast repeal ballots last Friday. The Irish have simply changed their minds, and it was not so much a throwing-off of “Catholic guilt” that explains it, but rather the shame of the abortion ban itself appears to have most effectively motivated “yes” voters. The injustice of the ban became central to public debates. It will be a long time before Savita Halappanavar will be forgotten.
In November 2012, Halappanavar died in an Irish hospital after giving birth to a stillborn baby. They had been denied an abortion, even though the doctors knew the birth would result in a miscarriage. The cruelty of the law's indifference to the suffering of Irishwomen was central to the referendum debates, and the Irish Times is quite right to editorialize that the referendum result is a victory that belongs to the women of Ireland.
Even so, Irishmen voted more or less the same way women did – 65 per cent voted to repeal, compared to 70 per cent of women.
While 77 per cent of Dubliners voted to repeal, majorities were carried all across Ireland – even in the poorer, rural counties in the provinces of Connacht and Munster. Only a single constituency in Donegal voted “no,” but that was a low-turnout vote that still hovered only barely in the negative – 52 per cent.
Ireland is changed, and changed utterly, but it has already been more than two decades since the Irish voted to repeal the country's ban on divorce. Three years ago, Irish voters resoundingly approved same-sex marriage in yet another referendum. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, themselves a gay Indo-Irishman, has pointed out that what happened last Friday is part of a “quiet revolution.”
But it's a revolution that has been underway in Ireland for a quarter of a century already.
Terry Glavin is an author and journalist.
Speech to Text for Mattoon shooting court folo
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
accused "of the mattoon high school shooting". [b15]mattoon shooter court folo-vo "the court" re-scheduled the boy's next hearing "for february 15th". you may recall.. the september 20th shooting inside "the mattoon high school cafeteria" left "1"-student hospitalized. at the suspect's last hearing.. we learned "the suspect" has been seeing "a psychiatrist". we were told "the psychiatrist" will testify at the next hearing. "doctor lawrence jeckel" will offer their recommendations.. as to where the boy should receive "mental health treatment" as their case proceeds. "police" have made an arrest in this week's
Yifei Ye will start both races of the season finale of the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup from pole position after coming out on top of a wet qualifying session at the Hockenheimring on Friday.
The Josef Kaufmann Racing driver secured the pole double ahead of team-mate Sacha Fenestraz, with the Chinese driver securing their first poles in Formula Renault ahead of the double race winner from the Nurburgring last month.
In the first qualifying session, Ye set the best time of 1:54.753s to take pole, 0.330 seconds ahead of Fenestraz, while Richard Verschoor was third for MP Motorsport, just 0.003 seconds further back.
Gabriel Aubry, in with an outside chance of the title this weekend sitting forty-four points behind Gilles Magnus with sixth points available, will start fourth for Tech 1 Racing, ahead of MP Motorsport's Jarno Opmeer and Josef Kaufmann Racing's James Pull.
American racer Logan Sargeant will start seventh in their first ever Formula Renault race, with the British Formula 4 racer joining the R-ace GP team this weekend, with Aleksandr Vartanyan of Arden Motorsport joining them on the fourth row.
Charles Milesi, who took their first NEC win last time out at Spa-Francorchamps, will start ninth for R-ace GP ahead of another debutant, with Australian Oscar Piastri joining Arden Motorsport.
The top two in the championship will start outside the top ten, with Michael Benyahia eleventh ahead of Magnus, with third in the championship Bartlomiej Mirecki thirteenth ahead of Theo Coicaud and Thomas Neubauer.
The much faster second session saw Ye set the fastest lap of 1:52.959s, 0.084 seconds ahead of Fenestraz, with Opmeer moving up to third ahead of Aubry and Verschoor.
Mirecki will start sixth ahead of Piastri and Benyahia, with Vartanyan and Sargeant rounding out the top ten ahead of Pull, Coicaud, Neubauer, Magnus and Milesi, with the latter stopping on track mid-way through the session.
Hockenheimring Race 1 Qualifying Result
POS NO. DRIVER NAT TEAM TIME 1 41 Yifei Ye CHI Josef Kaufmann Racing 1:54.753 2 11 Sacha Fenestraz FRA Josef Kaufmann Racing 1:55.083 3 29 Richard Verschoor NED MP Motorsport 1:55.086 4 14 Gabriel Aubry FRA Tech 1 Racing 1:55.111 5 30 Jarno Opmeer NED MP Motorsport 1:55.204 6 15 James Pull GBR Josef Kaufmann Racing 1:55.793 7 43 Logan Sargeant USA R-ace GP 1:55.943 8 34 Aleksandr Vartanyan RUS Arden Motorsport 1:55.983 9 1 Charles Milesi FRA R-ace GP 1:56.446 10 81 Oscar Piastri AUS Arden Motorsport 1:56.664 11 3 Michael Benyahia MAR R-ace GP 1:56.780 12 4 Gilles Magnus BEL R-ace GP 1:57.210 13 96 Bartlomiej Mirecki POL BM Racing 1:57.240 14 2 Theo Coicaud FRA R-ace GP 1:58.010 15 6 Thomas Neubauer FRA Tech 1 Racing 1:58.270
Hockenheimring Race 2 Qualifying Result
3,500 The number of deaths caused by flu in Canada each year, according to the Public Health Agency of Canada.
12,200 The number of hospitalizations across the country each year, the Public Health Agency of Canada estimates
504 The number of influenza cases in Ottawa in 2015-2016, the most recent year for which numbers are available. These confirmed numbers likely represent a fraction of actual cases.
200 The number of participating Ottawa pharmacies getting flu vaccine over the next two weeks.
12 Number of flu vaccine clinics hosted by Ottawa Public Health, starting Oct. 28. (For more information: ottawapublichealth.ca/en/public-health-topics/influenza-flu.aspx#Where-can-I-get-my-flu-vaccine). Vaccines are also available at many pharmacies and physicians offices.
5 Pieces of key advice from Ottawa Public Health to prevent flu:
o Wash your hands with soap and water, or use hand sanitizer.
o Cover your coughs and sneezes with your arm, not your hand.
o If you are sick, stay at home and avoid crowds and public gatherings
o Do not visit hospitalized patients if you are experiencing flu-like symptoms
o Get the flu shot
Australia's John Millman is through to the second round of the Hungarian Open in Budapest.
The 28-year-old Queenslander, who is ranked 94 in the world, was pushed all the way before overcoming Moldova's Radu Albot in straight sets, winning 6-4 7-5.
Millman will now meet French top seed and world No.14 Lucas Pouille for a place in the third round.
Slovenia's world No.57 Aljaz Bedene defeated Marius Copil 6-7 (7-3) 7-5 6-3 to set up a second round encounter against the winner of Matteo Berrettini or Attila Balazs.
Italy's Marco Cecchinato saw off Mirza Basic 6-3 6-4 and will now take on second seed Damir Dzumhur for a place in the third round.
WASHINGTON D.C. (AP) — U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired their national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of their contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said they misled Vice President Mike Pence about their contacts with the Russian ambassador.
This isn't the first time Trump has distanced themselves from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson after disclosures by The Associated Press about their firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
“This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy,” said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help them win.
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press they have not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts.
“I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today,” Manafort said.
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into their job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairpeople, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees.
Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of their contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls.
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between their public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations.
“You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others,” said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairperson of the House intelligence committee, said they were concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of their conversations with the Russian ambassador.
“I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here,” Nunes said. “You have an American citizen who had their phone call recorded and then leaked to the media.”
The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets, including diplomats, inside the U.S.
Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in their resignation letter, saying merely that they “inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.”
While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairperson of the Senate intelligence committee, said much of the panel's investigation will occur behind closed doors, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said they planned to push to make the findings and hearings public.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians. “No, absolutely not,” Spicer said.
LAS VEGAS — Don Cherry put NHL commissioner Gary Bettman on the spot about expanding the league back into Quebec City.
Cherry and co-host Ron McLean were speaking during their Coach's Corner segment on Wednesday night during the first intermission of Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and the expansion Vegas Golden Knights. Bettman was standing nearby and the Hockey Night in Canada commentators invited them to step in front of the camera.
"Gary, what I have to say to you here is: Quebec is unbelievable to me," said Cherry. "There's never been a rivalry in hockey or any sport like Quebec and Montreal. I think they've been very good, they've been keeping their mouths shut. They have not been saying a word."
The Quebec Nordiques entered the NHL in 1979 as part of the World Hockey Association's merger with the league. After struggling through their first season in the NHL, the Nordiques improved and began a fierce rivalry with the Montreal Canadiens. In 1995 the team relocated to Denver and became the Colorado Avalanche.
In 2015 a bid was made for Quebec City to earn a new expansion team. Buoyed by the completion of the Videotron Centre that year, the Quebec City bid was deferred until a later date. The 18,259-seat arena has hosted several pre-season NHL games.
"They had 18,000 people in there, they have a brand-new building, they're ready to go, I think it's fantastic," said Cherry before McLean coaxed Bettman in front of the camera. "What do you say? I think they deserve it. They really do."
Addressing Bettman, McLean explained that although Cherry supported expansion into Quebec, Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs had recently voiced their misgivings about a team in Quebec City.
"A lot of issues, logistical and otherwise," said Bettman in response to McLean. "Mr. Jacobs expressed an opinion of some skepticism, but we're not in a process right now and they have one vote."
Cherry re-stated their case for a return to Quebec City in reply before Bettman leaned over to McLean and said "I think (Cherry) their popularity just went up in Quebec."
By The Canadian Press
The deadly violence in Virginia spurred mass rallies and vigils across the country, including in Hawaii, where groups converged in a call for peace and unity.
Dozens gathered Sunday night at Magic Island for a candlelight vigil promoting tolerance and understanding following the events in Charlottesville.
Community leaders, including state Sen. Will Espero, spoke out against the hate and prejudice, saying Hawaii's melting pot of cultures is a shining example of people uniting as one.
“It's the diversity which we embrace, which we celebrate, and we understand and know that because of this diversity, we are a very special place,” Espero said.
The event, organized by the Amnesty International Hawaii Chapter, wasn't the only vigil Sunday night. Rallies were held on other islands -- including Maui, Kauai and the Big Island -- to spread the message that the violence and hate needs to stop.
Charlottesville became the scene of violence on Saturday as groups of white nationalists clashed with other protesters over plans to remove a Confederate statue. The brawls eventually led to the death of a 32-year-old woman and dozens of injuries.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Actress Dia Mirza says that Ranbir Kapoor's popularity will increase ten-fold after the release of Sanjay Dutt's biopic. Ranbir is playing the role of Sanjay in the film, helmed by Rajkumar Hirani.
“Ranbir is amazing and there are no two ways about it. There has been learning curve working with him.  They are supremely talented and down to earth person and it was sheer joy and privilege watching them work,” Dia, who is playing the role of Sanjay's wife Manyata in the film, told reporters.
“Also Ranbir Kapoor has one of the finest temperaments I have ever worked with and I am sure after releasing the film, their popularity and respect as an actor will increase ten folds,” added Dia at the IIFA voting weekend 2017 that took place on Sunday.
Ranbir was last seen on the big screen in filmmaker Karan Johar's multi-starrer Ae Dil Hai Mushkil.
The biopic will reportedly feature Vicky Kaushal, Anushka Sharma, Sonam Kapoor and Paresh Rawal.
Sharing their experience of working with the entire team, Dia said: “The shoot of the film is going really well. I just completed my last day of shoot a few days ago. It's an absolute honour to work with such a wonderful set of people.”
Ranbir Kapoor will be next seen in Jagga Jasoos along with Katrina Kaif. The film is directed by Anurag Basu, who previously helmed films like Barfi, Kites and Life In A Metro. The film is produced under the banners of Picture Shuru Entertainment and Ishana Movies. It is set to hit the screens on 14th July along with Sridevi's Mom and Shraddha Kapoor's Haseena.
Post that, Ranbir Kapoor will start shooting Ayan Mukerji's Dragon. The film also stars Alia Bhatt in a key role. It will be produced by Karan Johar under their banner Dharma Productions.
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine whether a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
ELLPORT, Pa. – An 85-year-old Pennsylvania man fatally shot a would-be robber at their home early Friday morning, according to WPXI.
Don Lutz was home at about 1:30 a.m. when two intruders broke into the house and confronted him.
“I just fired one. It was in the dark. They attacked me and they were up close and I shot him,” Lutz said. “They jumped me and we both went on the floor. I scuffled with them on the floor and the one guy rolled over dead.”
Lutz, who keeps their gun under their pillow, said the second intruder ran away after the shooting.
Police believe they may have been targeted and have responded to similar calls from the address in the past.
“God is with me tonight,” Lutz told WPXI, adding that the altercation left them a little sore, but they have no regrets about the shooting.
Today
Sallisaw at Poteau, rained out
Arkoma at Spiro, rained out
Eufaula at Heavener, rained out
Braggs at Leflore, rained out
Wright City at Wister, rained out
Whitesboro at Clayton, rained out
Buffalo Valley at Antlers, rained out
Keota at Gans, rained out
Tuesday
Poteau at Sallisaw, 4:30 p.m.
Talihina at Panama, 4 p.m.
McCurtain at Howe, 4 p.m.
Union Christian Academy at Arkoma, 4 p.m.
Leflore and Battiest at Panola, 4 p.m. (Leflore vs. Panola, 4 p.m.; Leflore vs. Battiest, 6 p.m.)
Stigler at Pocola, 4 p.m.
Wister at Hartshorne, 4 p.m.
Smithville and Achille at Fort Towson, 4:30 p.m. (Smithville vs. Fort Towson, 4:30 p.m.; Smithville vs. Achille, 6 p.m.)
Wednesday
Class A District Tournament at Gore
Arkoma vs. Cave Springs, 1 p.m.; Arkoma-Cave Springs loser vs. Gore, 3 p.m.
Thursday
Regular Season
Poteau at Wister, 4:30 p.m.
Howe at Talihina, 4 p.m.
Stigler at Panama, 4 p.m.
Roland at Pocola, 4:30 p.m.
Playoffs
Class A District Tournament
At Gore
Arkoma vs. Cave Springs at Gore: Arkoma vs. Gore, 1 p.m.; Title Game, 3 p.m.
At Rattan
Keota vs. Quinton, 11 a.m.; Keota-Quinton loser vs. Rattan, 1 p.m.; Keota-Quinton winner vs. Rattan, 3 p.m.
Class B District Tournaments
At Leflore
McCurtain at Leflore, DH, noon.
At Whitesboro
Cameron vs. Whitesboro, 3 p.m.; Cameron-Whitesboro loser vs. Smithville, 5 p.m.; Cameron-Whitesboro winner vs. Smithville, 7 p.m.
At Red Oak
Kinta at Red Oak, DH, 2 p.m.
At Buffalo Valley
Battiest and Boswell at Buffalo Valley, TBA.
Friday
Regular Season
Heavener at Poteau, 4:30 p.m.
Panama at Howe, 4 p.m.
Muskogee at Spiro, 5 p.m.
Muldrow at Wister, 4:30 p.m.
Pocola at Hartshorne, 4:30 p.m.
Playoffs
Class A District Tournament
At Gore
If-Game, 1 p.m.
At Rattan
Title game, 5 p.m.; If-Game, 7 p.m.
Class B District Tournaments
At Leflore
McCurtain at Leflore, DH, noon.
At Whitesboro
Title Game, 3 p.m.; If-Game, 5 p.m.
At Red Oak
Kinta at Red Oak, TBA, if necessary.
At Buffalo Valley
Battiest and Boswell at Buffalo Valley, TBA.
Saturday
Playoffs
Class B District Tournaments
At Buffalo Valley
Battiest and Boswell at Buffalo Valley, TBA.
Angry drivers in far north Queensland have been left with expensive car repair bills tonight after literally getting stuck in traffic.
Dozens of motorists are stranded near Cairns, after newly resurfaced bitumen on the road began to melt, coating car tyres in tar and immobilising them.
The road was upgraded two weeks when the weather was cooler, leaving construction workers to believe it was safe again to drive on.
But apparently the mercury reaching just under 25C today was enough to melt the newly laid bitumen - stopping cars and trucks in their tracks.
Camera Icon Dozens of cars were stranded on the road in far north Queensland.
Many of the drivers were there for up to five hours before they were told to pay for their cars to be towed, find accommodation and then put in for an insurance claim.
But motorists say they shouldn't have to, claiming there was no signage or any sign of workers to stop people travelling on the road - even after the first few victims became stuck.
Camera Icon Many of the motorists were forced to get their cars towed and pay for accommodation.
"My car won't move, the actual tyres won't go round." Chris Smethurst told 7 News.
“Wheels just started, but it was like they were going square.
“They've just resurfaced the road... but my car has just picked up all the road , there's big actual chunks of road on my tyres."
Marathi film Chumbak has been officially selected for the Indian Film Festival of Melbourne (IFFM) that is set to take place from August 10 till August 22 under the theme of ‘Inclusion'. Directed by Sandeep Modi, Chumbak will be presented by actor Akshay Kumar. The movie stars renowned lyricist Swanand Kirkire in the lead role.
It is a story of friendship between a 15-year-old table-cleaning-waiter-boy Baalu and their chance encounter with a 45-year-old mentally slow man Prasanna that forces them to make a choice between their dreams and morality. Chumbak is the story of these two oddballs and their choices that shall shape their life.
The multi award-winning festival which is the southern hemisphere's greatest annual celebration of Indian cinema recently announced the details for the upcoming 12-day festival.
Each year the festival promises to offer Australian and Subcontinent audiences the opportunity to explore and engage with the diversity of Indian Cinema in different languages. The film is presented by superstar Akshay Kumar after being impressed with the movie, in one of the screenings in Mumbai they decided to present this movie.
Chumbak is slated to release on July 27 in India and will have its Australian premiere at the festival this year.
Speaking about the premiere, Swanand said, “I am really excited that our film Chumbak is selected in the Indian Film Festival of Melbourne and I am really looking forward for the response of Australian people that how do they receive the film. This is a film about two people, one little boy and an elderly man. This is a film about 14 year old boy and a 45 year old elderly person and this is the film about which path to choose in life, you are always on the cross roads of right and wrong, of choosing what is good for you and what is good for everybody else. I am very happy that a superstar like Akshay Kumar has agreed , I mean they have liked the film so much that they're presenting the film now for us in India”.
In a room full of about 150 fans in Nashville, Keith Urban was in the middle of explaining how an Ed Sheeran-penned song ended up on their new album when a woman in the back interrupted.
“Play it!” they yelled.
Urban stopped, smiled and chuckled. “I know that voice anywhere.”
For that matter, so did everyone else in the room. It was Urban's wife, Oscar-winning actor Nicole Kidman, who had tagged along to the Spotify-sponsored event promoting Graffiti U, which debuts on Friday.
“You can come and sing it with me,” Urban, 50, teased as the crowd cheered the invitation, “and I'll do it.”
Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman Nancy Kruh
At first Kidman, who's also 50, seemed to demur. But then they began to slowly sidle toward the small stage as the crowd obligingly parted. After all, it's hardly the first time she's been up for a duet with their husband — most famously, their 2016 carpool karaoke of “The Fighter” that earned over five million YouTube views.
“You're easing this way!” Urban exclaimed, no doubt pleased they seemed to be having an effect on their famously strong-willed wife. “Come on, baby,” they encouraged.
RELATED: Keith Urban Announces New Tour and Upcoming Album: ‘I'm Getting Very Close to Finishing'
Kidman's journey of a few steps took more than a half-minute, but by the time Urban was hitting their first guitar licks of “Parallel Line,” they had descended onto a short stool not far from their center-stage microphone and started to match their singing, word for word — albeit unamplified. Soon enough, a tech placed a mic in front of them Quickly, Urban abandoned their mic for theirs and leaned in so their voices would blend.
Nancy Kruh
Moments before, Urban had just described how much they loved the Sheeran co-write because “it's very honest and raw with feelings.”
“You don't hear a guy talk about being scared to have their heart broken, you know, but I feel it, and I know other guys feel it,” they said. “I love the fact that Ed doesn't shy away from that.”
Obviously, the song had worked its magic on Kidman, too, as they tapped their feet, swayed and sang the sweet, sentimental chorus, “Baby be mine now, maybe it's time we put our hearts in a parallel line.”
At the last note, the crowd roared. Kidman just grinned, shook their head and buried their face in their hands. Then, after accepting a warm kiss and embrace from their husband, they retook the microphone to offer a disclaimer: “I'm so embarrassed!”
“You did it, though,” Urban beamed. “I love that!”
Urban is now in the midst of a whirlwind promo tour for Graffiti U, and at this private event, they not only performed a short solo set, but they also told some of the stories behind the songs to an audience eager for their first studio album in two years.
Which song was written for their wife? Urban's answer brought the evening's first opportunity for Kidman to blush.
“Gemini,” they replied. Named after Kidman's astrological sign, it's a cool, sexy song Urban co-wrote that features the chorus, “She's a maniac in the bed, but a brainiac in their head.”
“She's definitely a little bit of Gemini,” Urban elaborated. “Maybe the whole thing. Right, baby?”
In the audience, Kidman just grinned sheepishly and shook their head as Urban upped the ante.
“Yes, ‘Gemini' is definitely their song,” they said.
Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman Nancy Kruh
RELATED: Keith Urban Reveals Their Mantra in Music (and Life!): ‘Nothing to Hide and Everything to Protect'
Urban also shared how they came to put a guitar talk box on their track “Texas Time.” It's a device that axe-master Peter Frampton made famous — but the Frampton connection doesn't end there.
For the recording, Urban had dusted off their own talk box, left over from their cover-band days, only to have it melt down in the middle of the session. No problem, said Urban's guitar tech, Chris Miller: “I'll just give Pete a call.” That, of course, would be Frampton, whom Miller had previously worked for.
“Because Pete lives in Nashville — because everybody lives in Nashville,” Urban said, “so Chris drives over to their house, gets their personal talk box, and that's the one that's on the record. Thank you, Peter Frampton!”
Keith Urban Nancy Kruh
Urban identified current single, “Coming Home,” as their most personal on the album, recalling their loneliness during their early days in Nashville 26 years ago. “It was just getting hard here, like it does for a lot of new artists,” they said, “and you just want to go home and be around people who know the real you and can love you back to life, and I was really missing that. So that feeling has always stayed with me, and so this song became very personal for that.”
RELATED: Keith Urban Channels Merle Haggard and Childhood Memories on New Track ‘Coming Home'
As for their favorite song on the album? Urban wasn't taking that bait. “The ones between the beginning and the end,” they declared, adding, “I love every one of them for different reasons.”
Urban launches their “Graffiti U” concert tour on June 15 in St. Louis and finishes, 54 cities later, in Dallas on Nov. 3.
Good morning. This is all the latest business news that you need to know today.
1. Treasury backs Dan Matjila
The National Treasury has given its backing to under-fire Public Investment Corporation (PIC) chief executive Daniel Matjila, as a legal showdown between the ministry and Matjila's detractors looms large.
2. Rand gains as dollar rally eases
SAs rand bounced back over 1 percent on Wednesday as the dollar fell from nearly seven month highs seen on Tuesday.
3. 50-year-old Cape steel firm in new lease of life
R550 million investment by Turkish firm DHT Holdings into a Cape steel firm, which was shut down eight years ago, has resulted in the re-establishment of the company and the return of 300 of the retrenched workers.
4. Mineral Resources exposes Tegeta labour issues
The Department of Mineral Resources yesterday laid bare Tegeta Exploration and Resources' non-compliance with mining regulations and safety measures at its coal and uranium mines in Mpumalanga and North West.
5. BLSA lifts its suspension of Eskom
Business Leadership South Africa (BLSA) said yesterday that it had lifted the suspension of Eskom, which reinstates the electricity utility's full membership of the organisation.
6. Provincial government to launch digital tool for SMME's
The Department of Economic Development and Tourism is set to release a new tool later this year that will assist businesses in becoming more digitally savy.
7. Nampak first-half profit up by 10%
Africa's biggest packaging firm Nampak reported a 10 percent increase in first-half profit on Wednesday, boosted by strong demand for its beverage cans and plastic containers.
READ ALSO: R127 million to demolish Kempton Park Hospital
ALSO READ: Sars releases Customs Requirements for travelling South Africans
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
Just three Perth councils are planning to keep rate hikes at or below inflation for the year ahead.
OTTAWA — The federal government spent $2.3 billion less than originally planned last year on new military gear, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan revealed Wednesday, even as a prominent economic adviser to the Liberals sang the praises of investing in the defence sector.
The spending shortage, which will require Canada's military to continue to use some equipment longer than expected, means the government is already losing ground on the promise it made last year to invest $62 billion in the Forces over the next 20 years.
The mixed messages came during the first day of the two-day Cansec gathering in Ottawa, Canada's largest annual arms show, where officials from the world's biggest defence companies descend on the national capital to pitch their wares to the government and military.
Sajjan kicked off the event with an update on the Liberal government's new defence policy — a blueprint that details the specific equipment the military intends to buy over the next five years.
Many companies had been eagerly waiting to see which of the dozens of projects included in the multibillion-dollar defence policy were considered a priority and which were being put on the back burner.
What they heard instead was that the ambitious Liberal plan to ramp up spending got off to a slower start than expected: where Ottawa had planned to spend $6.2 billion last year, figures published with the defence policy show, they only managed to get $3.9 billion out the door.
Sajjan played down the discrepancy, saying a portion of the unspent money represented savings that the government was able to find on some projects, while others were the result of companies not fulfilling their obligations.
But they also admitted later that for some projects, "we weren't able to get it to the level we wanted. We're improving on that and things have improved drastically for this. It will improve as time goes on."
Defence companies won't be the only ones hoping Sajjan is right.
One of the government's most influential economic advisers told a luncheon audience that Canada's defence industry will be critical to sparking innovation and ensuring the country's prosperity over the long term.
By The Associated Press
GP G A PTS Steven Stamkos, TB 29 12 30 42 Nikita Kucherov, TB 29 20 21 41 Anze Kopitar, LA 31 16 22 38 Blake Wheeler, WPG 30 8 30 38 Brayden Schenn, STL 31 16 21 37 Johnny Gaudreau, CGY 30 12 25 37 Jakub Voracek, PHI 29 7 30 37 Phil Kessel, PIT 31 14 22 36 Jaden Schwartz, STL 30 14 21 35 Connor McDavid, EDM 30 11 24 35 Mark Scheifele, WPG 30 14 20 34 Alex Ovechkin, WAS 30 21 12 33 Vladimir Tarasenko, STL 31 14 19 33 Nathan MacKinnon, COL 28 11 22 33 3 tied with 32 pts.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
PERTH'S Tracey Jewel might be gaining plenty of attention on Married at First Sight , but not everyone is happy about being dragged into their on-air story.
Adultshop.com founder Malcolm Day is just one of their exes who have made headlines since Jewel was revealed to be on the reality dating show and they said it had been “frustrating”.
The two dated from 2012 to 2014 and Day has since moved on with local model Sophie Kerrigan.
Jewel called Day after filming on Married at First Sight wrapped and asked them not to say anything about their past relationship.
“I haven't seen them since — nearly four years,” they told Confidential . “I spoke to them once on the phone since then, which was immediately after ( MAFS ) filming, and that's it.
“Notwithstanding that Sophie, she's upset about it all. They don't want to be dragged into this at all.”
Day also doesn't believe Jewel is genuine about finding a new partner.
“She's actually perfect for this show because she's just a drama queen,” they said.
“I'm sure the producers and directors encourage the participants to do things or say things they wouldn't otherwise say or do to create extra drama. But in Tracey's case they don't need any extra encouragement.”
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Lisa Vanderpump thinks it was "unbelievable" two of their dogs passed away within days of one another.
The 57-year-old reality star recently revealed their pink Pomeranian Pink Dog had died, and on Thursday (05.10.17) they announced a second pet, Pikachu, had also lost their lives, just six days later.
And Lisa admitted promoting their documentary, 'The Road to Yulin and Beyond' - which is about trying to end the dog meat trade - was particularly hard to do in the wake of the double loss.
They told Us Weekly magazine: "To even talk about that right now -- having lost two of my dogs in just a few days has been unbelievable. At this time, it's difficult to do it."
However, they were very proud of the work done in the film.
Speaking at its premiere at the Awareness Film Festival in Los Angeles, they said: "We're trying to create a humane environment for dogs everywhere.
"It is important for us to be here, and I thank everybody else for coming out and supporting this short documentary. But it's been a wonderful year as well because the Vanderpump Dog Rescue Centre has already adopted out, I think, 250 dogs from the kill shelters."
The 'Real Housewives' star had revealed Pomeranian Pikachu had passed away on their Instagram account shortly before the premiere.
Along with a picture of the cute dog, Lisa wrote: "Rest in peace my sweet Pikachu, we will miss you so much,. Such sadness at your loss (sic)".
Lisa later revealed that Pikachu - named after the popular electric-mouse from the 'Pokémon' franchise - was suffering and they were treated with "love and compassion".
If you've never watched the Texas legislative process before, heading to the Capitol for the first time can be daunting. Connecting with existing groups could be the best way to get involved with the process.
“Don't feel like you have to become an expert yourself,” said Ann Beeson, director of the Center for Public Policy Priorities, a left-leaning state policy think tank. “There are lots of organizations out there that that's their job, and they can help you both really understand policy issues and develop talking points.”
Constituents who focus on just one or two issues are the most effective advocates, they said.
KUT's Kate Groetzinger reports
“Get clear on what issues you're most passionate about and identify organizations that align with those interests, that work on those interests, and that believe in your values and connect with them,” they said.
Emily Cook, political director of Texas Right to Life, agrees that keeping activists focused on a single issue has worked well for the anti-abortion movement, whose members are very active and engaged.
“I just got out of a meeting with a state representative and they said, ‘I signed on to one of your bills because I had several constituents call or email or ask about this specific bill,'” they said.
Activists across the political spectrum say the best way to get lawmakers to listen is to meet with them face to face. To do that, Kelly Darby started a group called Texans Focus on Children in early January to advocate for increased funding of Child Protective Services.
They and a few friends from their neighborhood got together and decided on a mission and a name. “We started out on Facebook, just recruiting our own friends and family members,” they said.
What's important for people who are becoming newly engaged is to remember that this is a marathon, not a sprint. - Ann Beeson, Center for Public Policy Priorities
One of their first actions was to testify before the Senate Finance Committee in late January.
“It was so exciting,” they said. “Once we learned that the Senate Finance Committee was meeting, I encouraged everyone to put their own testimony together and to come down with us.”
Beeson said they are encouraged by the groundswell of activism they are seeing around Texas, but she's worried about burnout.
“What's important for people who are becoming newly engaged is to remember that this is a marathon, not a sprint,” they said.
In addition to looking for groups that align with your interests, Beeson suggested searching for advocacy days at the Legislature. These are gatherings at the Capitol that give people the chance to show their support for a cause without having to commit to an organization.
TORONTO — A "Back to the Future" reunion is set for this year's Fan Expo Canada.
Organizers say previously announced guest Michael J. Fox will now be joined by fellow "Back to the Future" stars Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson.
Edmonton-born Fox starred in the "Back to the Future" franchise as time-travelling teen Marty McFly.
Fan Expo Canada will run Aug. 30 to Sept. 2 at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
MORRIS, Minn. — A 94-year-old Minnesota man whose wife died after battling cancer built a swimming pool in their backyard for children in their neighborhood.
Keith Davison's wife of 66 years died last year, KARE 11 reports.
“You just can't imagine what it's like,” they said. “You cry a lot. That's just the way it is because she's not here.”
Davison then decided to do something different to fill their time.
In the spring, the retired judge had an in-ground pool built. In July, the pool, which is 32 feet long and 9 feet deep, opened — and kids from all over the neighborhood came to swim.
“I knew they'd come,” Davison said.
Davison, who has three adult children but no grandchildren, is usually seen sitting in a chair next to the pool, watching the kids swimming, laughing and having fun.
“I'm not sitting by myself looking at the walls,” Davison said. “What else would you think of doing where you could have a whole bunch of kids over every afternoon?”
“Right before Easter weekend Apple received a permit in California to turn three Lexus RX 450h hybrid SUVs into driverless cars, and for six drivers to take control if the cars misbehave,” Yoram Solomon writes for Inc. “Apple has been toying with the idea of a self-driving car for a while. Initially, through the internal, secretive Project Titan, and more recently through rumors of partnering or outright acquiring automakers McLaren and/or LIT Motors.”
“I don't believe that Apple's self-driving car, once released, will be safer, faster, consume less energy, or anything like that. The underlying technology will be on par with its competitors,” Solomon writes. “But I'm willing to bet that Apple will excel in the user interface, the iTunes and app-store-like infrastructure, and the design. I expect Apple to do things that were never done before. And for that — I expect customers to be willing to pay more.”
Read more in the full article here.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro has ordered military drills be carried out at the end of the month, following a remark by their US counterpart Donald Trump that they had not ruled out a military option for dealing with Caracas.
"Venezuela is not afraid, it is the country of liberators," Maduro told a demonstration in Caracas of supporters of their socialist party on Monday, in reference to Simon Bolivar, who liberated the country from Spanish colonial rule.
Trump had made a "terrible mistake," they continued, while the crowd shouted "Yankee, go home."
Tens of thousands of soldiers and civilians are to take part in the drills, set to take place across the country on August 26 and 27.
Maduro, who has long accused Washington of preparing to invade Venezuela and accused the opposition of collaborating with the US to unseat him, has sharpened their anti-US rhetoric since Trump's comment last week.
Opposition politicians who fail to explicitly distance themselves from the US president have been accused of being "traitors" on social media.
Maduro's announcement came as US Vice President Mike Pence embarked on a tour of four Latin American countries, with Venezuela a main topic of discussion.
"Venezuela is sliding into dictatorship, and as President Donald Trump has said, 'The United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles,'" Pence said in Colombia on Sunday.
Venezuela's has been engulfed by nationwide protests since early April amid its worst ever economic crisis. At least 120 people have been killed.
Maduro has refused calls to step down and instead attempted to maintain their grip on power by organizing the election of an internationally condemned constituent assembly, which has declared itself superior to the opposition-controlled National Assembly.
Originally published as Venezuela military drills after Trump talk
(Offers.com) — Few would say Tax Day is a day they look forward to, but there is one thing we can look forward to as April 18 hits out wallets.
On Tax Day, restaurants and businesses around the country will offer fantastic freebies, Tax Day sales, and sweet deals. So after you've signed and shipped off your tax return, relax and treat yourself to a well-deserved burger, a much-needed drink, or a triumphant new pair of shoes.
Offers.com has rounded up a list of the very best deals available to all day Tuesday in celebration (or mourning) of filing our taxes. Here's the list:
Food and Drink Offers
Retail Offers
Travel & Service Offers
The reports this weekend were breathless. Mashable said Russia was sending a "death dealing" robot with the power to shoot guns to the International Space Station. Pravda reported that the Russian cyborg, Fyodor, had frightened the West. It was like the Terminator, only in space, and only for reals.
In reality, probably not. The stories were written after the Russian deputy prime minister overseeing military and space activities, Dmitry Rogozin, posted on Facebook and Twitter about the country's humanoid robot, Fyodor. Rogozin was proud that the robot had demonstrated the ability to shoot from both hands. "Fine motor skills and decision-making algorithms are still being improved," they tweeted. But maybe we shouldn't call upon Arnold Schwarzenegger to save us just yet. "Shooting exercises is a method of teaching the robot to set priorities and make instant decisions," Rogozin added. "We are creating AI, not Terminator."
Rogozin has previously suggested that Russia will send this robot to the space station in 2021. Pravda claims this is still the target date and that Fyodor will ride into space aboard Russia's next-generation spacecraft, named Federation. So should NASA be concerned about an armed and lethal robot coming to the station four years from now?
Rise of the machines?
Rogozin says a lot of provocative things. Recall that in 2014, after they were among a handful of Russians sanctioned by the Obama administration during the height of the Ukraine crisis, they tweeted, “After analyzing the sanctions against our space industry, I suggest to the USA to bring their astronauts to the International Space Station using a trampoline." Three years later, Russia is still happily taking NASA's money for its Soyuz spacecraft. Generally, the country remains a reliable space partner.
Among their other space proclamations, Rogozin has also said, "We are coming to the Moon forever.” In reality, Russia is cutting its space budget (the next crew launch to the space station will carry just two astronauts instead of three, because Russia is paring back its crew on orbit to save money). It has no funding for a lunar program. As for the Federation spacecraft that Pravda claims will bring Fyodor into space in 2021, uncrewed test flights to the station are now unlikely before 2023, and sources recently told Russian Space Web that even this timeframe "would be practically impossible to keep."
Conditions could get worse for the Russian space agency in a few years when United Launch Alliance stops buying RD-180 rocket engines and NASA stops buying so many Soyuz seats. The reality is that if Russia wants to do anything meaningful in space with humans, especially in deep space, it will almost certainly have to do so through a partnership with NASA or China's space program.
Asked about the potential for Fyodor to come to the space station, NASA spokesperson Dan Huot said diplomatically that the space agency would carefully consider any proposals from Russia. “NASA is interested in enhancing robotic capabilities to push the boundaries of what's possible in human exploration and to improve lives on Earth, and is actively engaged in a number of robotic technology demonstrations aboard the International Space Station," they said.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
The Environmental Protection Agency's inspector general's office said in a letter dated Thursday that it planned to “expand” a preliminary investigation into agency administrator Scott Pruitt's air travel.
In late September, the EPA confirmed reports that Pruitt had taken one charter flight and three military flights at taxpayers' expense. According to multiple reports, the flights together cost more than $58,000.
The announcement Friday expands an investigation that began in late August into Pruitt's taxpayer-funded flights home to Oklahoma.
In a letter to the EPA's acting chief financial officer Thursday, of which Pruitt received a copy, the inspector general's office outlined the probe's new objectives:
• The frequency, cost and extent of the Administrator's travel through September 30, 2017. • Whether applicable EPA travel policies and procedures were followed for Administrator Pruitt's travel, as well as other EPA staff and security personnel traveling with or in advance of Administrator Pruitt. • Whether EPA policies and procedures are sufficiently designed to prevent fraud, waste and abuse with the Administrator's travel.
In a statement to the Washington Post, EPA spokesperson Liz Bowman said that the Trump administration “will work to ensure all officials follow appropriate rules and regulations when traveling, including seeking commercial options at all times appropriate and feasible, to ensure the efficient use of government resources.”
Letters of fallen soldiers were read out to as many as 50,000 gathered in the cold as dawn broke over Canberra
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Police in Tennessee say a toddler who was shot in the head while riding in a car with their mother and brothers has died.
Memphis police spokesperson Louis Brownlee said Wednesday that 2-year-old Laylah Washington has died after they were shot Sunday night.
Police say the girl's mother told officers that a car nearly hit them in a parking lot while they waited for their sons to leave work, and they yelled at the driver who yelled back something inaudible. They told police that after their sons got into their car and they left, they realized they were being followed and then heard shots.
Brownlee said the girl was the only one hit and they were taken to a hospital in critical condition.
No arrests have been made.
Gilbert coach Chad Leaphart has preached the importance of defending its home turf since they took over two years ago.
The No. 4 Indians have yet to lose at home in two seasons, but Friday's 33-14 win over sixth-ranked Brookland-Cayce at Leonard Price Field might have been the biggest.
Gilbert takes over the Region 5-3A lead with a home matchup against Strom Thurmond next week.
Cody Temples ran for 155 yards and scored two first-half touchdowns, and Manny Bright caught a pair of TD passes in the second half for the Indians, who improved to 7-0 on the season.
Gilbert led 17-14 at halftime and spent much of the second half in B-C territory, but the Bearcats came up with a couple big turnovers to stay in it. The Indians' defense held B-C quarterback Reed Charpia in check and also forced four turnovers.
KEY NUMBERS
3: Number of plays B-C ran in Gilbert territory in the second half.
7: Number of turnovers between the two teams
THEY SAID IT
“They were a team that beat us last year, and it was a tough game. Our guys were fired up with an opportunity to play them again, and we got it done tonight.” – Gilbert coach Chad Leaphart
“We just didn't play good, and we will leave it at that. We just need to play better” – B-C coach Rusty Charpia
“We just didn't want to lose to them again. It was our last chance against them, and we really brought it.” Gilbert receiver Manny Bright
HOW THEY SCORED
1st Quarter
G – Watson 22 FG, 6:50 BC – Robinson 70 punt return (Shirah kick), 4:05 2nd Quarter G – Temples run (Watson kick), 11:12 G – Temples 1 run (Watson kick), 7:54 BC – Taylor 1 run (Shirah kick), 5:06 G – Watson 22 FG, :01 3rd Quarter G – Bright 24 pass from Strickland (pass failed), 10:01 4th Quarter G – Bright 17 pass from Tolen (Watson kick), 2:38
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
ENVIRONMENT: An award-winning international advertising agency based in Knysna are in need of Junior – Senior Web Developers to join their growing team. Candidates must have PHP, HTML, CSS, MySQL, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript also experience with a front-end JS framework such as React / Vue. Candidates can also work remotely. REQUIREMENTS: Core technology: PHP, HTML, CSS, MySQL
HTML5 and CSS3 Experience
JavaScript
WordPress
Shopify
PHP Web Application Framework Experience
Experience with a front-end JS framework, e.g. React/Vue
E-commerce Experience (e.g. Magento)
Passion for learning new skills and technologies
Excellent problem-solving skills
Solid portfolio
Three years web development experience (mid-level)
Five years + web development experience (senior level) While we would really like to respond to every application, should you not be contacted for this position within 10 working days please consider your application unsuccessful. COMMENTS: When applying for jobs, ensure that you have the minimum job requirements. Only SA Citizens will be considered for this role. If you are not in the mentioned location of any of the jobs, please note your relocation plans in all applications for jobs and correspondence. Please e-mail a word copy of your CV to (email address) and mention the reference numbers of the jobs. We have a list of jobs on http://www.datafin.com. Datafin IT Recruitment – Cape Town Jobs.
Andrew Marr called Theresa May the “single unluckiest party political leader ever” following the series of disasters that plagued their keynote speech at the Conservative party conference.
During their afternoon slot at the Cheltenham Literature Festival, the political commentator and part-time painter took a series of swipes at the prime minister who was faced with a fallen sign, a coughing fit and a prankster who handed them a P45 during their speech in Manchester on Wednesday.
Mr Marr was at the festival to talk about learning to paint again following their stroke in 2013 allowed them to explore abstract art as now “80% paralysed down their left side” painting landscapes is almost impossible.
They took a series of swipes at the prime minister during the talk and when the chair Tim Hubbard, a professor from King's College London, coughed at the start and the crowd erupted into laughter, Marr quipped: “How many of us actually think the chancellor gave Theresa May a cough sweet?”
Later discussing how abstract art shows the “emotions of colour” and how they try to capture the “beautiful and short life” we live they said painting was much more important to them than “blithering on at Theresa May”.
At the end of the speech when opening the floor to questions, they said: I am hoping you're here for painting, but if you ask questions about cough lozenges or Brexit I will try my best.”
Following a series of questions about art and abstract, the final question asked them for their thoughts on the future of the Tory party.
Mr Marr said: “All the three things, the sign, coughing and P45, were not their fault, but all three together on the most important speech of their political life were catastrophic.
“In terms of the future of Theresa May I think they will definitely stay for the time being and it's all speculation.
“In theory David Davis could go to Boris Johnson who could call up Philip Hammond and say we need to talk and they could go.
“But the alternative would be Amanda Rudd or Phillip Hammond and that just isn't going to happen.
“A re-election would also involve a vote of no confidence from the party and that is very unlikely as many MPs would lose their seats and it could mean Jeremy Corbyn getting elected – something the Conservatives are very worried about.
“She is weakened and has lost some of their authority but they will stay for the time being.”
Marr also referenced the recent BBC pay scandal, which revealed them to be in the £400,000-£449,000 pay brackets, and said: “Some say I get paid too highly at the BBC but I don't want to make money off my paintings.”
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. (AP) — Filling Vince Wilfork's shoes is daunting.
The good news for the Houston Texans and D.J. Reader is that they spent their rookie season being groomed for this job by the nose tackle before they retired this month.
Getting to spend a season with Wilfork was a thrill for Reader, who watched them growing up and throughout their career at Clemson. The pair spent hours together on and off the field last year in Wilfork's second season in Houston after they played for the New England Patriots for 11 seasons.
“It helped a lot especially just how to handle double teams and learning a little bit about how to be a pro and things like that,” Reader said.
Reader isn't intimidated by moving into Wilfork's spot and actually takes pride in the fact that he's now starting in the place that the player they always idolized once held.
“It feels good for sure,” they said. “Can't really worry about (comparisons to) him, I just go out there and practice hard and play hard.”
Coach Bill O'Brien saw the benefits of the relationship between Wilfork and Reader and knows that he'll continue to learn this season from other veterans on the defensive line such as superstar defensive end J.J. Watt.
“With Vince retiring and not being here, we've still got J.J. in there (as) a great mentor for D.J. and we've got some guys in there that do a great job just working together,” O'Brien said. “It was good to have that experience with Vince last year and now he's having that experience with Watt this year, which is great.”
The Texans need Reader to take a step forward this season to man the middle of a line featuring Watt and 2014 top overall pick Jadeveon Clowney.
Reader appeared in each game last season and made seven starts while Wilfork was dealing with injuries. They finished with 22 tackles and one sack in their first season after the Texans drafted them in the fifth round following a Clemson career where they played 46 games and had 145 tackles.
He's impressed in camp so far with O'Brien raving about their work in practice.
“He's an excellent player, excellent young player,” O'Brien said. “Tough, strong, plays low to the ground, very smart, good teammate. He's got all the qualities that you're looking for in a good player.”
The 6-foot-3, 335-pound Reader believes he's a much different player than they were a year ago. Part of their improvement comes from a mindset of pushing themselves to their limits.
“It's about being in every play, playing with effort and technique every single play. Just not stopping,” they said. “No matter how tired you get you've still got one more rep in you. I think that's important.”
They believe things will be a bit easier this season now that he's grasped the idea that he's simply one piece of what should be a really good defense and that they don't have to try and do too much.
“I'm not out there just searching for plays like you are when you're young, just trying to get on film and stuff,” they said. “I trust the defense and I know now that if I do my job everything will shake out.”
And even though Wilfork has retired, Reader knows that if they need anything he's only a phone call or a text away.
“I still want them to be around,” Reader said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesperson for the country's firefighters.
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras, which had been scheduled for Friday night.
In Louisiana, Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops, with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there.
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall, storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by "dark on Saturday."
Louisiana's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly, rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state. State officials hope that means New Orleans won't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water.
Edwards warned, however, against underestimating the storm.
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border.
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm. Earlier Thursday, a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans.
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city's pump and drainage system. Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday, six production platforms, out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf, had been evacuated. No drilling rigs were evacuated, but one movable rig was taken out of the storm's path.
The agency estimated less than 15 per cent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in, which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day.
By Associated Press, The Associated Press
Kevin and Jonathan Borlée have been in the World finals ever since 2009, usually coming fourth. It all started in the Beijing Games in 2008. Since then, they didn't miss a single 4x400m final in a big championship.
Frustration reigned after the race. Dylan said: "It's hard for us but we have to accept it." Jonathan added "it's very frustrating." Kevin said: "Another fourth place."
Belgium had a good chance to grab a medal, after Jamaica, the Bahamas and Botswana had been ousted in the semis.
The fourth place leaves Belgium with just one medal after the London Worlds: Nafi Thiam took the Gold in the heptathlon.
#Juventus legend Alessandro Del Piero says Paulo Dybala has “all the time” to beat their free-kick record. https://t.co/fqvWOULIWL pic.twitter.com/Y58Lnh8CRh
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor Pause
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
SC cops challenge each other to Lip Sync battle. Who is your favorite?
Police Departments across the Carolinas are getting musical on social media with the Lip Sync Challenge.
Con artists pushing tech-support scams are once again exploiting a Chrome bug that can give users the false impression they're experiencing a serious operating-system error that requires the urgent help of a paid professional, according to a Google developer forum. A Mozilla developer forum indicates a similar bug may also be present in Firefox.
The scam technique, which came to light in February, works by abusing the programming interface known as the window.navigator.msSaveOrOpenBlob. By combining the API with other functions, the scammers force the browser to save a file to disk, over and over, at intervals so fast it's impossible for normal users to see what's happening. Within five to 10 seconds, the browser becomes completely unresponsive. Users are left viewing pages that look like the one above or on the left side of the image, below, both of which were provided in February by antivirus provider Malwarebytes:
The technique effectively freezes a browser immediately after it displays a fake error message reporting some sort of security breach or serious technical mishap. Given the appearance of a serious crash that can't be fixed simply by exiting the site, end users are more likely to be worked into a panic and call a phone number included in the warning. Once called, the scammers—posing as representatives from Microsoft or another legitimate company—then coax the caller into providing a credit card number in return for tech support to fix the non-existent security problem. The scams are often transmitted through malicious advertisements or legitimate sites that have been hacked.
According to a page on Google's Chromium bug tracker, the underlying bug was fixed with the release of Chrome version 65 in mid February. An update posted last month, however, says the bug resurfaced with the release of Chrome 67 and is actively being exploited. Later updates in the same thread showed that other users were also experiencing browser freezes.
Malwarebytes Lead Malware Intelligence Analyst Jérôme Segura reported on Twitter last month that a similar technique also works against Firefox. They pointed to this Mozilla forum opened in February that gives no indication the bug was ever fixed. Bleeping Computer, which reported the revival of the Chrome freezing bug earlier Tuesday, said reporters used previously released proof-of-concept exploits to test both the Brave and Vivaldi browsers and found they, too, froze. Opera also froze for a short period, according to Bleeping Computer, but they eventually let testers switch out of the malicious tab. The tests showed that Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer were not affected.
A Google representative said, "We are aware of the issue and are working on addressing it." Firefox officials are investigating the issue.
The most important thing to remember when encountering a browser window displaying a tech-support scam message is to not panic and to never call the phone numbers displayed. When all else fails, the browsers can almost always be unlocked by using the Windows Task Manager (control-alt-delete) or the macOS Force Quit feature (Apple menu).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TUKWILA, Wash. — A man who had left notes at Washington State bus stops seeking to buy underage girls' underwear showed up for a meeting with an undercover detective with a gun, machete, hatchet, tarp, duct tape and camera, the King County Sheriff's Office said Monday
Darren Frederick Jones, a 42-year-old man identified as a Boeing employee, was arrested last Wednesday and charged with child sex-related crimes. They have been released on $50,000 bail, according to KCPQ.
The investigation began when high school students reported notes they found at bus stops along International Boulevard South in the Tukwila area offering cash for girls' underwear.
Authorities say a detective posing as a 14-year-old girl texted the number and the suspect agreed to meet with them According to charging documents, in addition to offering to pay $80 for their underwear, Jones agreed to pay the 'girl' $300 if they could make "sexual contact" with them and $2,000 if they would agree to take photos in their underwear and nude photos.
The sheriff's office says the suspect was arrested when they showed up at what they thought was the 14-year-old girl's residence and asked them to come out to theirs truck.
Authorities say that in Jones' truck they found a handgun, machete, a hatchet, $2,380 in cash and a camera.
Jones was charged with attempted commercial sex abuse with a minor and communicating with a minor for immoral purposes.
Mclaren Automotive
McLaren Automotive
McLaren Automotive
McLaren Automotive
Things are about to heat up in the supercar wars. At the upcoming Geneva Motor Show in Switzerland, McLaren Automotive will unveil its new 720S, a replacement for the 650S that had us so smitten . The company showed us a glimpse of the new car's carbon fiber tub at the start of the year; called Monocage II, it's stiffer than before and will help the new car weigh less than its (already light-as-a-feather) predecessor. And on Wednesday, the company revealed that performance will also get a significant boost.
Further Reading The McLaren 650S Spider becomes your favorite car—and hits 100mph—in 6.3 seconds Plenty have waxed rhapsodic about the M838T engine that powers the current generation of McLarens, and the M840T builds on that base. It has grown to four liters and gets new faster-spooling, ultra-low inertia, twin-scroll turbochargers. That's going to make the new car blisteringly fast. "The new 4.0-litre M840T is an outstanding engine powering an exceptional supercar capable of covering a standing quarter mile in 10.3 seconds," said McLaren Super Series Vehicle Line Director Haydn Baker. "Power, torque and throttle response are all significantly enhanced compared to the first-generation Super Series, yet with fuel efficiency and emissions also notably improved."
For context, that's even faster than Tesla's P100D, which is capable of dispatching the drag strip in a mere 10.8 seconds. McLaren says the 720S will also hit 124mph (200km/h) in just 7.8 seconds.
The 720S will also generate up to 50 percent more aerodynamic downforce than the old car, and its interconnected suspension has gotten even smarter with the addition of a host of new sensors, including accelerometers on each wheel hub.
Technically, we have to wait another three weeks to see the production car, but spy shots are all over the Internet, including the one below:
Listing image by Mclaren Automotive
Kevin Sorbo heading down under The West Australian
The 90s Hercules star is coming to Townsville for Magneticon.
Apart from what Ranbir Kapoor did in Sanju, the portryal of Vicky Kaushal as Kamlesh Kanhaiyalal Kapasi has won the hearts of everyone who has seen the film. But there's a reality behind that character and it's not what everyone expected it to be.
Vicky Kaushal in a recent interview with The Indian Express revealed about their role saying, “The character is an amalgamation of three or four of Sanjay Dutt's closest friends in real life but primarily the character is based on Paresh Ghelani who is based in the US. They live and works there.”
So, according to a report in Pinkvilla, Paresh Ghelani is an entrepreneur and own Moon Express and Xprize and Radimmune. This was shown in the second half of the film how he's a settled business person in the US. But it's something else that has been modified in the film. According to a legalistic published on Indiatimes, Paresh Ghelani who was fondly called as Parya by Sanju, they met Sanju during their teenage in New York. The movie showed how Kamli (Vicky Kaushal) met Sanju in a hospital when Nargis first slept into comma.
Yes, Kamli was an amalgamation of Sanju's 4-5 friends and there will be someone who met Sanju in the hospital. Rajkumar Hirani could also have played their fictional brain to add to the magical Ganpati connect with the film. Whatever it was, everyone is enjoying the film and that's the most important takeaway from it. Vicky Kaushal has been getting praised from all quarters.
“Overwhelmed, humbled and feel truly blessed. Thank you for all the love! Feel so lucky to have got the chance to work with legends in this beautiful film. Learnt a lot, grew a lot… not only as an artiste, but as a human being as well. So grateful,” Vicky tweeted on Sunday.
After receiving a briefing last week with intelligence officials, House Oversight Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy defended the FBI on Wednesday in response to President Donald Trump's unsubstantiated allegation that the agency placed a "spy" into their 2016 presidential campaign to help their Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).
Buffalo Sabres forward Sam Reinhart (23) is stopped by Nashville Predators goalie Pekka Rinne (35) during the third period of an NHL hockey game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Buffalo, N.Y. (AP Photo/Jeffrey T. Barnes)
Buffalo Sabres forward Sam Reinhart (23) is stopped by Nashville Predators goalie Pekka Rinne (35) during the third period of an NHL hockey game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Buffalo, N.Y. (AP Photo/Jeffrey T. Barnes)
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) - Predators stalwart Pekka Rinne briefly stopped to marvel when informed of the elite NHL goaltending company they joined in becoming a three-time 40-game winner - and after a shutout, no less.
Only six players - Martin Brodeur and Terry Sawchuk, among them - had previously done that.
"When you say that, it sounds pretty cool," Rinne said, after stopping 35 shots in a 4-0 win over the Buffalo Sabres on Monday night. "Those guys are legends of this game. They've done so much not only for the game of hockey but for the position of being a goalie. That's great. That's a credit to my teammates, big time, and also my coaching staff."
Rinne has been nearly unbeatable in winning their 11th straight game and improving to 40-9-4. And the 12-year veteran is carrying the NHL-leading Predators along with them in approaching numerous franchise milestones.
Nashville set a team record by extending its point streak to 15 games (14-0-1). And the Predators won their ninth consecutive road game as part of a run in which they're 12-0-3 in their past 15 to break yet another team record.
"He's unbelievable," teammate Ryan Johansen said of Rinne. "In our opinion, he's been the most valuable player for us."
The rest of the Predators have been no slouches during a stretch in which they haven't lost in regulation since a 3-1 setback against Detroit on Feb. 17.
Johansen and Mike Fisher scored goals 4:34 apart in the second period. Filip Forsberg and Ryan Hartman then sealed it by scoring in the final four minutes.
First-year Sabres coach Phil Housley could only tip their hat to Nashville, where they spent the previous four seasons as an assistant. Though the final score didn't reflect it, Housley was pleased with how the Sabresm last in the Eastern Conference, held their own against the Predators for mostly two periods.
"I can't fault the way our guys played. I thought they brought their best game," Housley said. "One thing I'd like to see our guys do better is stop in front of the net and start pounding it, whacking at some loose pucks there."
Then again, Housley is all too familiar with how well Rinne can play when they get into a groove.
"If we could rattle them early and get them off their game a little bit, that's the time we've got to take advantage," Housley said. "But once they settle in, he's tough to beat."
Buffalo's Jack Eichel burst up the left side and behind the Predators' defense to drive across the crease only to have their shot stopped by Rinne's left pad four minutes in. Rinne also got an assist from teammate Kevin Fiala, who got their stick out to stop Justin Bailey's attempt to tap in a bouncing puck in the crease.
Rinne kicked out their right pad to foil Nicholas Baptiste's snap shot from the slot 2:30 into the second period. With the game still scoreless, Rinne snapped their glove to snag Jason Pominville's rising slap shot from the right circle.
Buffalo's minor-league call-up Linus Ullmark stopped 28 shots, starting in place of Robin Lehner, who was sidelined with an undisclosed injury.
Ullmark had little chance on Fisher's goal that opened the scoring 12:29 into the second period.
Fisher and teammate Scott Hartnell were both parked in front when Fisher deflected in Mikka Salomaki's shot from the blue line. The Sabres challenged the goal by arguing Fisher interfered with Ullmark. The goal was allowed to stand despite a replay showing Fisher nudged the back of Ullmark's skate in the crease and also got a hand on the goalie's glove.
Housley questioned the ruling.
"I don't know what you call goalie interference anymore," Housley said. "His skate hits Linus' skate, which doesn't allow them to get down into the butterfly and make the save."
There was no disputing Johansen's goal. Ullmark stopped Viktor Arvidsson's initial shot from the right circle. The rebound fell at Ullmark's their feet where Forsberg chipped the puck to Johansen, who snapped it in the open left side.
NOTES: Brodeur leads the list of 40-game winners by having done so eight times. Washington's Braden Holtby is the only other active goalie to win 40 games three times. The other three-time 40-game-winners were Sawchuk, Jacques Plante, Mikka Kiprusoff and Evgeni Nabokov. ... Sabres RW Kyle Okposo returned after missing three games with a concussion. ... With 10 games left, the Predators inched closer to matching franchise records for most wins (51) and points (110) set in 2006-07.
UP NEXT
Predators: Host Toronto Maple Leafs on Thursday.
Sabres: Host Arizona Coyotes on Wednesday in matchup of NHL's two worst teams.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By Laura Abruscato
Contributing Writer
Neighbors and acquaintances in Pacific Palisades have shared with Matthew Rodman that traffic around Paul Revere Middle School is markedly better than any time they can remember.
“There's also been an enormous difference on the Sunset Corridor,” says Rodman, who is receiving a Sparkplug Award for their volunteer work with the transportation committee at Revere, coming up with various ways to reduce the number of car trips to and from the school daily.
As an incoming parent three years ago, Rodman met with Principal Tom Iannucci, who was then an assistant principal, in an effort to find ways to mitigate the traffic impact around the school, especially on Allenford.
The school formed a transportation committee, consisting of parents and administrators, that devised several ways to improve traffic flow at the school of 2,100 students.
Although some of the 450 students in Revere's Magnet Program are eligible for LAUSD school buses, three years ago, there was only one parent-sponsored bus, which originated at Warner Elementary in Holmby Hills. Parents spent $10 a day to hire a yellow Tumbleweed school bus.
Rodman helped to expand this program and now almost 400 students ride seven parent-sponsored chartered buses to and from school, saving nearly 800 daily round trips by car. The school hopes to have 10 of these buses next school year.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BOISE, ID - Opioids, a powerful painkiller, is often prescribed to those who suffer a heart attack or experience congestive heart failure. Now, new light is being shed on the impact opioids have on heart health, whether through prolonged use or abuse.
“We see this expressed in new types of cardiomyopathy, we see dysrhythmias, and we certainly see sudden death related to overdose,” said Stefanie Fry, St. Luke's Heart Executive Medical Director.
During the annual Heart and Vascular Symposium at St. Luke's in Boise Friday, Feb. 2, health care workers learned more about Ada County's opioid epidemic.
“People might get a prescription for a legitimate medical purpose, but one is good, two is better, and three must be fantastic,” said Charles Wahl, an investigator with the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA).
Law enforcement says the two most common opiates in the area include oxycodone and fentanyl.
Prescription fraud, abuse and criminal distribution are three aspects of the epidemic the U.S. Attorney's Office is cracking down on.
“When we're prosecuting a case and we have individuals who have been over-prescribed opioids,” said Darci Ward, Assistant U.S. Attorney. “You also see the real human impact beyond that, in that, you know, this is a destruction of their life, their family's lives and overall quality of life.”
When asked for a solution to curb the epidemic, experts say education and discussing the dangers behind these powerful drugs could make a difference.
Ada County is already gearing up for its second opioid crisis series. It's planned for April 19 at the Ten Mile Christian Church in Meridian.
The IOC's decision to ban leading Russian athletes from the upcoming Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang has been good news for many of their rivals whose chances of winning medals have notably improved, an Italian journalist has said.
In an interview with Sputnik, Lorenzo Vendemiale, a sports-affairs reporter with the Rome-based daily newspaper Il Fatto Quotidiano, said that after the publication of the McLaren Report and of documents made public as part of the long-running probe into alleged state-sponsored doping in Russia, it was no longer possible to pretend that nothing has happened.
“An outsider will find it hard to see if this whole story stems from some illegal and inadmissible actions by the Russian team, or it is mostly a lot of hot air aimed at hurting Russia,” they said.
Speaking about the Italian media's response to the scandal, Vendemiale said that the national media remains divided into those who welcome the Russians' ban and those who believe their guilt has been blown out of proportion in a bid to exclude the Russian squad from the Olympics.
When asked if the ban was meant to prevent Team Russia from coming to the Games and leave it without medals in events that it was most likely to excel in, Lorenzo Vendemiale said that the list of events barring Russian athletes includes skiing, the biathlon and, particularly, ice hockey where Russia has traditionally taken top honors.
“Without 111 athletes, Russia will certainly have fewer chances of winning medals. I still believe, however, that the very idea that ‘clean' Russian athletes are allowed to participate in the Games means that sportsmen and sports still matter,” they noted.
Lorenzo Vendemiale added that Canada, Germany, Norway and the Netherlands would be the first to benefit from the Russian ban.
“It's no secret that the elimination of [Sergei] Ustyugov, the main rival of Italy's hopeful Federico Pellegrino, is good news for the Italian team. With Ustyugov out Pellegrino is very likely to come out on top in the classic sprint event. Our biathletes are far from their top form, but without Russia's [Anton] Shipulin in the race, they will have better chances of winning medals,” they concluded.
On Thursday, 28 Russian athletes had their Olympic doping bans overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport, which also reinstated nine Olympic medals effectively allowing Russia to reclaim its first place in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
READ MORE: Olympic Ban Part of Western Policy to Contain Russia — French Politician
The 28 athletes who had their bans lifted could now seek late entry into the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, scheduled to run from February 9 through 25.
Meanwhile, the first group of Russian athletes has already arrived in South Korea.
Most teens can't wait for the day they turn 18. It's the day when they hope they'll finally be recognized as an adult, when they won't be treated like a child anymore.
For youth in foster care, however, it can be a date to dread, because it's the day they will be officially recognized as an adult. They won't be cared for like a child anymore.
Many teens that age are starting to shoulder adult responsibilities like holding down a job, going to university, learning to budget, paying rent, and cooking and cleaning for themselves. But when a romance turns sour, or a roommate fails to pay their share of rent, or they aren't sure how to tell whether the slightly slimy chicken in the fridge is still safe to eat, Mom or Dad are just a phone call away.
Unlike their peers, however, teens in foster care may fear that when they move out on their own, there will be no one to turn to when life throws them a curveball.
At 18 years old, youth in care begin to transition out of the system. While they are given financial support until age 21 to cover basic needs like food and rent, and can often access grants to offset tuition costs for post-secondary education, it doesn't take long before they discover the money doesn't go all that far, and that there's a lot more to “adulting” than they realized.
Although provincial funding for programs for youth in care stops at age 18, the Children's Aid Society of Ottawa is investing in programs to help ease the transition to independent living. Thanks to private donations to the Children's Aid Foundation of Ottawa, the Society now offers programs targeted at improving financial literacy, social support and access to post-secondary education for children who grew up in foster care.
Michael Justinich, project management co-ordinator for education and youth transitions at CASO, said kids in foster care are coached to start figuring out what they need to set up an apartment and other important life skills before they turn 18. A new partnership with local post-secondary institutions now offers extra support for former youth in care. And CASO also offers kids a three-day financial literacy boot camp to try to prepare them for the realities of budgeting in the real world. But for most teens it just doesn't feel real until they're out on their own.
That was the case for Sophie (not their real name). Now, 18, Sophie is struggling to adjust to the realities of adult life. They said they find it hard sometimes to remember not to spend grocery money on impulse purchases, and has struggled with setting limits for themselves now that there's no one around to tell them what to do.
While social workers and other resources are there for Sophie if they find themselves in a crisis, there are few people they feel they can turn to for emotional support and comfort. They said one of the hardest parts of being on their own is that they don't have a permanent adult figure they can call when they just wants to talk.
“The biggest thing we all struggle with moving out is that we're all lonely,” Sophie said. “I miss having someone simply ask me how my day went and really care for the answer.”
Keeping the lines of communications open with kids who have aged out of foster care is very important so that young adults know they do have people in their lives who can help when problems come up, Justinich said. One of the key messages they try to communicate to teens in care is that they should not wait to reach out until a situation has become a crisis.
“We want to make sure they know there's help there, and it's not a failure to ask for help,” they said. “The earlier they connect with an adult, the easier it is to help them.”
But even when they know to ask for help, Sophie said it often feels very hard.
“What it all boils down to is being seen as weak. Being in care, every kid has felt helpless and weak and not in control of anything. Me reaching out for help is the one thing I am in control of. Even when it's the right thing to do it's really hard for me to do,” they said.
To support children and youth in care, become a foster parent or volunteer, or donate to the Children's Aid Foundation of Ottawa. For information, visit casott.on.ca.
This story was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content division, on behalf of the Children's Aid Society of Ottawa.
The Mahanakhon, a new 314-metre skyscraper in Bangkok, is Thailand's tallest building. Yet as a piece of high-rise architecture, it is a powerfully ambiguous piece of work. Running in a spiral from the bottom of the building to the very top is a canyon of corrosion, as though King Kong has run their giant fingernail across its glass façade. At the bottom, where it meets the street, it cracks into a series of ledges and terraces, and there is another small building which appears to be a fragment of the big one. Soaring high above the apartment blocks and office towers around it, the Mahanakhon nevertheless appears to be falling apart.
Scheeren's design for a Jenga-like apartment building in Vancouver
It is the work of Ole Scheeren, a 46-year-old German and one of the rising stars of international architecture. Scheeren has built their career on an audacious approach to high-rise design. In 2015 they completed to Interlace, a residential complex in Singapore containing 1,040 apartments. Many architects, faced with the challenge of fitting that many flats into a tight urban space, would have built vertically. But Scheeren upended convention. They made a set of 31 blocks, which they tipped on their sides and stacked on top of each other like Lego bricks. The result has a kind of boyish charm. Like the Mahanakhon, to Interlace displayed a childlike delight in knocking things over and piling them up again. The playfulness of their buildings is important to Scheeren. “I think it makes them more approachable,” they say. “But it's not random playfulness. It's always based on what it achieves.”
In 2016, more skyscrapers were built than in any previous year. Scheeren has watched this growth spurt with alarm. It's not that they object to height in principle – after all, it's an efficient way of accommodating a lot of people on a small piece of land, an imperative which gets ever stronger as more people move to cities. It's just that they find most of this development bland, repetitive and isolating. “There is this complete divorce between these buildings and people's lives,” they say. “Their scale exceeds what is comprehensible to the human eye, so you can no longer tell quite how big a building is or how many people are in it. For me it isn't even architecture. They're just boxes with graphic designs stuck over the top to hide the truth behind.”
Scheeren is one of a number of architects who have been rethinking the high-rise in recent years. Herzog and de Meuron's 56 Leonard Street, a residential tower in Manhattan, looks like a teetering stack of boxes which appears ever more precarious the higher you go. The Folie Richter, a proposal for Montpellier from MVRDV , a Dutch firm, is also a jagged agglomeration of parts. They owe a debt to Habitat by Moshe Safdie, an Israeli architect who in 1967 piled discrete concrete apartments into a gigantic condominium in Montreal, combining the intensity of skyscrapers with the individual spaces of suburban housing.
The Mahanakhon is among the most exhilarating designs in this vein. Each of the blocks running up the side corresponds to an individual space, and the “pixellation” of the façade creates hollows and overhangs for balconies and gardens. The fragmentation at the base means that as you approach the building from the street, you are faced not with a sheer glass wall but with terraces covered in cafés and restaurants. The playfulness of their approach is intended as a social catalyst: the stacked blocks of to Interlace created courtyards on the ground and communal gardens in the air, just as the fracturing of the Mahanakhon creates a multitude of spaces for people to mix and mingle. “The image it creates is about occupation,” Scheeren explains. “It's an attempt to celebrate the people within the structure and broadcast that back to the city.”
Another ten years - that is approximately how long sustainable forestry will be able to satisfy the continuously growing demand for wood. In Germany and Europe, new concepts are therefore being discussed for more responsible and efficient industrial use of the renewable, but still limited wood resources. Researchers at the Technical University of Munich (TUM) are using data from a European research project to analyze the potential efficiency of multiple use between harvesting and combustion of wood.
Does the cascading use of wood really lead to increased resource efficiency? For example, if the raw wood is first used to make construction elements, then slats for a table, and finally chipped and turned into chipboard before being burned for energy in a power plant? To answer this question, Michael Risse and Professors Gabriele Weber-Blaschke and Klaus Richter from the Chair of Wood Science at TUM set out to find suitable assessment methods.
A cascading system composed of many suppliers, manufacturers, and users is complex and costly. The material flows within and between the cascade steps are numerous and interwoven. As a theory, the concept has been described for years and has also been scientifically proven to save fossil resources, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and increase value creation. But so far, a targeted examination of resource efficiency has not yet been performed. Since biologically generating wood differs fundamentally from producing synthetic raw materials, it is important to examine whether and to what extent cascading use of renewable raw materials pays off in terms of efficiency.
In order to account for the characteristic features of cascading use, wood researcher Michael Risse applied the holistic life cycle approach and analyzed the exergy of all materials used, the internal recycling processes, and the consumption of other primary resources, such as the forest land areas required. Exergy refers to the percentage of energy that can be converted into work.
Savings primarily at the start of the production chain
In two scenarios, the TUM researchers compared the path of one metric ton of scrap wood with the provision of the same functions using fresh wood. In the first scenario, the recovered wood was initially processed into sawn wood and then two subsequent times into chipboard in a cascading system. In the reference scenario, the same products were manufactured, but this time out of fresh wood.
The result: In cascading use, the wood is utilized significantly more efficiently at a rate of 46 percent, compared to single use at 21 percent. The biggest savings are achieved at the beginning of the production chain due to the reduced use of fresh wood, which in turn reduces the required forest land area. Cascading use remains more efficient during the further processing of the wood, but to a significantly lesser extent. In both scenarios, the production of chipboard consumes the most resources, particularly the process of drying and gluing.
Resource-efficient processing still in its infancy
In real-world industrial use, cascading use is still in its infancy, as the necessary logistics processes and adapted process technology are not yet available. Furthermore: "Energetic utilization still has priority over the material use of wood," lamented Professor Klaus Richter, who holds the Chair. Almost half of the 60 million metric tons of forest timber harvested each year are used to generate energy, either directly or within industrial processes. The German Renewable Energy Sources Act (EEG) still encourages such usage until 2019, e.g. by subsidizing the generation of heat from wood energy with feed-in tariffs or by granting investment subsidies for heating installations such as wood pellet or wood chip heating systems. This one-sided incentive was already criticized in the comprehensive climate protection report for agriculture and forestry conducted in 2016, to which employees of the Chair of Wood Science also contributed.
Today, only a third of the recovered wood generated in Germany is being converted into chipboard; according to Richter, approximately seven million metric tons end up being burned directly in order to generate heat and electricity in power plants. For the wood scientist, this is at least one step too few. They and their team of researchers advocate a more intensive material use of wood: "Over the mid-term, we need to utilize wood more efficiently, i.e. multiple times as a material, before we burn or turn it into pellets. Its material properties do not stand in the way of cascading use. However, the processing and use of wood needs to be adapted from a planning and conceptual standpoint so that multiple use becomes a reality."
According to doctoral candidate Michael Risse, additional analyses in the context of cascading use are also essential: "For example, during the efficiency analysis, the scarcity of the individual primary natural resources should also be taken into account." For one, their published study does not take into account what is called the 'substitution effect', which makes another weighty argument for cascading use: "The use of wood products helps to avoid greenhouse gas emissions that result during the production of non-wood products such as steel or concrete -- and that applies equally for each additional cascading stage," Professor Richter explained. "Furthermore, wood is the only material that stores carbon -- throughout its entire life cycle."
This way, the carbon bound during the growth of the tree is removed from the atmosphere and is only released again at the end of the cascade -- which should last as long as possible. "However, theoretical analyses alone won't cut it. We need action from policymakers and the industry," Richter emphasized.
###
Publication:
Michael Risse, Gabriele Weber-Blaschke and Klaus Richter: Resource efficiency of multifunctional wood cascade chains using LCA and exergy analysis, exemplified by a case study for Germany, Resources, Conservation & Recycling 126, 141-152, 2017. DOI: http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1016/ j. resconrec. 2017. 07. 045
Contact:
BAXTER COUNTY, Ar. – (02/14/17) Two rural Gassville residents were arrested this morning when the Sheriff's Office and assisting agencies served a search warrant and outstanding arrest warrants.
Law enforcement obtained the warrants after they received an animal theft complaint on February 2, 2017. The complaint involved the theft of some cats in which the two arrestees were named as suspects.
As investigators looked into the complaint, the found that one of the suspects, 46-year-old Vernard Deatherage, was a sex offender who has not registered with the Sheriff's Office and also a parole absconder. The second suspect, 40-year-old Rabonna Ann Jones, who resided with Deatherage, did not cooperate with officers during the investigation. The Sheriff's Office obtained arrest warrants as well as a search warrant for the residence. After the warrants were served this morning, Deatherage and Jones were both arrested and taken into custody without incident.
Deatherage had been convicted of statutory rape and sodomy in Missouri in February 2002 involving two 9 year old girls. Information indicates that they were released from the prison on September 2016 on other unrelated charges but had not registered with law enforcement following their release.
During the search of the residence, officers found a rifle, suspected marijuana, and paraphernalia. Deatherage and Jones are both convicted felons and are prohibited from possessing firearms.
Agencies involved in serving the warrants and in the arrests were the Sheriff's Office, Arkansas Department of Community Corrections, Arkansas Department of Corrections-Canine Team, and the 14th Judicial District Drug Task Force.
TSU scientist Rashid Valiev and colleagues from the universities of Helsinki and Oslo have discovered a new type of rare molecules whose properties can be controlled by changing the induction of an external magnetic field. These are paramagnetic molecules from the class porphyrins. Porphyrins are part of hemoglobin and chlorophyll and are closely related to the processes of photosynthesis and respiration in living organisms. The results of the study were published in the journal Chemical Communications of the Royal British Chemical Society.
Open paramagnetic porphyrins with a closed electron shell are very rare molecules, because they have a specific electronic structure. Usually, molecules with such a structure are very unstable, and open porphyrins, on the contrary, are unchanged even in the air around us. This makes it possible to manipulate their physicochemical properties with an external magnetic field in various applied fields of magnetooptics and nanotechnology.
Since 2012, a group of scientists, which includes an assistant professor at TSU, has studied the aromatic nature of porphyrins and their derivatives. Aromaticity is a special property of some chemical compounds to exhibit anomalously high stability. That is an important concept in theoretical chemistry and is closely related to the problem of classifying and arranging organic molecules according to their reactivity. However, scientists define it using physics, in particular, they calculate in the molecules magnetically induced currents.
For me, it was always interesting for the physicist to connect our currents and the concept of aromaticity with the spectroscopic or physical properties of molecules,- says Rashid Valiev. - This was done in 2017 for highly antiaromatic porphyrins. Such molecules can be used in magnetooptical problems, where the control of physical properties of molecules is used by changing the induction of an external magnetic field. The fundamental significance of our result is that we explained the nature of the paramagnetism of these molecules.
Using theoretical methods of quantum chemistry, Valiev and their colleagues from the universities of Helsinki and Oslo studied the magnetic properties of seven molecules of isoflorines and carbaporphyrins, both synthesized and hypothetical. They showed that four of the seven molecules considered exhibit paramagnetism, and their spin is zero in the ground electronic state, which is an extremely rare case.
###
The Department of Optics and Spectroscopy of the Faculty of Physics and Engineering (head of the department is Victor Cherepanov), whose associate professor is Rashid Valiev, traditionally deals with the modeling of physical and chemical properties of molecules and molecular systems for various applied problems of medicine, astronomy, biology, and chemistry. The Faculty of Physics is part of the StrAU Institute of Smart Materials and Technology (SMTI).
We asked our pal Cameron Cooper to write and record an original track using Elixir Strings – specifically the new Optiweb coated strings. They didn't disappoint, just listen to this!!
Like this? Share this! Facebook Twitter Tumblr Pinterest
× King County jail staff member involved in downtown Seattle shooting
SEATTLE – One person was hurt in a shooting in downtown Seattle on Wednesday morning involving a staff member at the King County jail.
Seattle police said no officers were hurt in the shooting at 8th and Yesler.
The suspect was sent to Harborview Medical Center for emergency care.
There was no immediate information available on what led up to the shooting or who the suspect is.
This breaking news story will be updated as more information becomes available.
PITTSBURGH — Four months ago, the Pittsburgh Penguins and Nashville Predators spent six games trading shots and momentum in a spirited tug-of-war for the Stanley Cup that ended with the Penguins skating away with their second straight title.
A rematch looms Saturday night, though don't expect either team to get nostalgic. The new season is three days old and both teams appear to be struggling to emerge from a Cup hangover.
The Penguins? Sidney Crosby and company have allowed 15 goals in two games, including the franchise's worst loss of the Crosby era in a 10-1 meltdown in Chicago on Thursday night that the NHL's biggest star called "embarrassing."
Time to table the talk of a "three-peat." At this point, Pittsburgh would settle for playing three periods of competent hockey.
"It's a tough lesson but we got to take something from it," Crosby said. "Hopefully it's a wakeup call from us."
Nashville didn't create quite as big of a mess during a 4-3 setback in Boston on Thursday night. Still, the Predators never led and needed a pair of goals in the final 108 seconds to make the final score more competitive than their play.
"We need to be a lot better in a lot of areas," Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said. "I think our entire group needs to be better."
The last time the Predators played at PPG Paints Arena, they arrived with the Cup finals tied at 2. Any chance of upsetting the defending champions evaporated in the first period of Game 5, when the Penguins poured in three goals past Pekka Rinne on their way to a 6-0 victory to reclaim control of the series. Pittsburgh clinched its first Cup back in "Smashville" with a taut 2-0 triumph in Game 6, the series decided on Patric Hornqvist's goal with just 1:25 left in the third period.
"You have all those things, those memories in your head and I'm sure you think about them before the game," Rinne said. "But still, it is a huge game right now for us - we are down 0-1 this season so we have to get back on track."
Maybe, but not nearly as much as the Penguins. Pittsburgh raised its Cup banner Wednesday night but ended up falling to St. Louis 5-4 in overtime thanks in large part to a defence that surrendered wide swaths of the ice to the Blues. A night later, the Penguins were even worse against the Blackhawks. Chicago scored five goals in the first period alone and it only seemed to get worse.
UCLUELET, B.C. — A search is underway on Vancouver Island for two British Columbia men who have not been seen for almost a week.
A RCMP news release says 37-year-old Daniel Archibald and 43-year-old Ryan Daley docked their sailboat in Ucluelet harbour on May 13 and then left it three days later.
Both men were carrying large duffel bags and Daley was also wearing a yellow and green backpack.
The news release says the men have had no contact with friends or family in Squamish since last week.
Friends have launched a Facebook page saying it's believed Archibald and Daley were heading to a residence in Jordan River, B.C., and likely intended to hitchhike the nearly 300 kilometre route.
Ucluelet dockmaster Kevin Cortes was the last to see them on May 16 and says they had paid for one month of moorage for their newly purchased boat, which they had bought in Panama.
“When they left they had full packs, so they wouldn't have been going hiking because they left with a lot of gear,” Cortes said.
“I assumed they were going home, or at least in that direction.”
Archibald and Daley were healthy but tired after a long trip, Cortes said, adding there was nothing out of the ordinary about them during the three days they spent in Ucluelet.
There is video footage from the day they left the harbour and Cortes said they think they got a ride from someone in the harbour's parking lot, but it's out of camera range.
Police want to speak to anyone who may have seen the pair, both described as 5-foot-9. Archibald is of average build with strawberry blonde, short hair, and Daley has short, dark hair and hazel eyes.
Beyoncé is strictly sticking to Lemonade, and not Biëryoncé.
The singer, 36, reportedly issued a cease-and-desist letter to the Brooklyn's Lineup Brewing after they created a beer, called Biëryoncé, inspired by the singer, according to Pitchfork.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by them so I thought I'd pay homage,” owner Katarina Martinez told the online publication. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
The now-defunct beer features a design inspired by Beyoncé's self-titled 2013 album.
The one-time batch is reportedly still available in New York while supplies last.
Kevin Mazur/Getty; Line Up Brewing/Instagram
Beyoncé is not the first artist that Lineup Brewing has paid homage to. Beers dedicated to Carly Simon (“I Bet You Think This Beer Is About You”), Notorious B.I.G. (“Notorious”) as well as David Bowie and Freddie Mercury (“Under Pressure”) are also available.
While there may be a beer named after the 22-time Grammy winner, Beyoncé may be more a fan of wine.
In August, the mother of three shared a series of photos from their date night with husband JAY-Z in which they enjoyed a glass of red wine at their “longtime favorite” restaurant Sushi Park in West Hollywood.
GOODYEAR, Ariz. (AP) — Scott Feldman won't compete in the World Baseball Classic for Israel, choosing instead to get ready to fill a spot in the Cincinnati Reds' rotation.
Feldman said Tuesday that they have turned down the opportunity to pitch in the WBC. The Reds signed them on Jan. 26 to fill the spot that opened when they traded Dan Straily — their top starter last season — to the Marlins for prospects.
The 34-year-old Feldman will get $2.3 million on their one-year deal and can make an additional $2.2 million in bonuses based upon starts and $1.5 million for relief appearances, depending upon which role they fill. The Reds need for a starter became more acute when Homer Bailey had surgery to remove bone spurs from their pitching elbow, sidelining them into the season.
“I was asked, but I think it's more important for me to be here with a new team,” Feldman said about pitching for Israel. “You have to go somewhere where they want you. The Reds called early and it seemed like a good place to play. It is unfortunate when guys like Homer get hurt. In the meantime, someone has to step up a little bit.”
The Reds opened last season with five starters on the disabled list, putting pressure on a bullpen that wound up being historically bad. They signed closer Drew Storen in the offseason to try to fix that issue.
Feldman has pitched for the Rangers, Cubs, Orioles, Astros and Blue Jays. They were used mostly in relief last season, making only five starts, but is getting ready to return to a starting role.
“Starting is something I'd like to do,” they said.
NOTES: The Reds put Bailey on the 60-day disabled list on Tuesday. They had surgery to repair a torn tendon in their right forearm in 2014 and had Tommy John surgery the following year. They were limited to six starts last season because of setbacks during their rehabilitation. Bailey is expected to miss at least the first month of the season because of the elbow surgery. … The Reds claimed right-hander Nefi Ogando off waivers from the Pirates. Ogando made 18 relief appearances the last two seasons for the Phillies and Marlins.
Comments
comments
Closure will elude longtime fans of The Closer as its Major Crimes spinoff concludes its run in January.
As first reported by TVLine, the upcoming sixth season of Major Crimes (premiering Tuesday, Oct. 31 at 98/8c) will be its last. And though series creator James Duff saw the writing on the wall around the time they were midway through producing the upcoming 13-episode run, an encore by Kyra Sedgwick's Brenda Leigh Johnson aka The Closer's titular crimesolver was not in the cards.
Ever since The Closer segued into the Mary McDonnell-led Major Crimes in the summer of 2012, “I had a deal with Kyra for three guest-starring episodes. But she's been very busy,” Duff tells TVLine. “She produced a TV series [TNT's Proof] and she's doing Ten Days in the Valley (currently airing Sundays on ABC).” And that's in addition to the Emmy-winning actor' recurring run on Brooklyn Nine-Nine and roles in a series of indie films.
“Kyra and I are good friends. I count them one of my very, very best friends. And I love them to death,” Duff makes clear. “If they could have worked it out, I would have worked it out… they would have been on the show. They wanted to do it, and I wanted them to do it. We just never got the schedules right.”
Which is not to say that Brenda Leigh won't be there for the final episode in spirit. “There is a big mention of them in the finale” being filmed this week, Duff shares.
CAN MAJOR CRIMES BE SAVED?
As for whether this might not necessarily be “case closed” for Major Crimes, whether another outlet might ride to the rescue, Duff is skeptical: “I don't know if there is another platform for this show, if anybody is interested in our audience. And I can't say for sure whether we could do that or not. There are a lot of complications involved.”
Netflix — which it has to be noted hasn't “saved” a newly cancelled series in three years — “is not the place we would go,” Duff states. “There are other streaming platforms that might be interested, but I don't know if that's a possibility. There are certain impediments.”
WHY DID TNT PULL THE PLUG?
“Our numbers held up,” Duff says — and indeed TNT's own “final season” press release notes that Major Crimes “has consistently ranked as one of cable's most-watched drama series.” Season 6 averaged 3.2 million weekly viewers in Live+Same Day numbers, easily the most of any TNT drama. (That audience swells to 7.7 million with DVR playback, SVOD and what not.) And though Major Crimes skews older than The Librarians (entering Season 4 this winter) and Claws (already renewed for Season 2), Duff notes, “We do as well in the demo as Animal Kingdom,” which was renewed months ago for Season 3..
What about Major Crimes‘ price tag, six seasons in? “It's not an expensive show to do,” Duff claims. “[TNT is] not cancelling it because it costs a lot of money. They just want the money for something else.”
Want scoop on Major Crimes, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
MONTREAL — American Morgan Hurd is the new all-around champion after winning gold at the artistic gymnastics world championships on Friday.
Hurd had 55.232 points and finished ahead of Canada's Ellie Black, who claimed silver with 55.132 points. Russia's Eremina Elena, with 54.799 points, finished third.
Black came agonizingly close to making history as their final score was just .101 points away from first place. The Halifax native would have become the first Canadian to win gold at the world artistic gymnastics championships.
It is nevertheless Canada's first medal at the competition since 2006, when Kyle Shewfelt (floor) and Elyse Hopfner-Hibbs (balance beam) each won bronze.
April 24 (UPI) -- A new survey Tuesday said 50 percent of Americans approve of President Donald Trump's airstrikes against Syria this month, and slightly fewer are opposed.
The Gallup poll asked respondents about the U.S. military strikes earlier this month, when naval ships fired dozens of missiles on sites in Syria. The strikes were a response to a suspected chemical attack in Douma this month.
Gallup said 43 percent said they disapprove of the strikes, and 7 percent gave no opinion.
Public approval for the strikes matches a similar poll a year ago, taken after Trump struck a Syrian airfield related to another suspected chemical attack, Gallup said.
American support for the military intervention is relatively low compared to the 90 percent who approved the Afghan war in 2001 following the Sept. 11 terror attacks.
More Republicans (80 percent) than Democrats (36 percent) said they support the military action. That number was 45 percent among independents.
The survey questioned more than 1,500 U.S. adults and has a margin of error of 3 points.
The poll comes as the United Nations and European Union begin a two-day conference Tuesday in Belgium to raise funds for humanitarian aid in Syria, while gathering political support for a U.N.-led peace process.
"We would like to use the Brussels conference to send a clear message from the international community that the fighting has to stop and that the political process has to start," EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini said.
The fight against the Islamic State in Syria and its brutal civil war has left schools, hospitals and other infrastructure destroyed.
According to the EU, more than 13 million Syrians are in need of assistance, and more than 5 million refugees are displaced outside the country.
In a photo from Thursday, March 8, 2018, in Detroit, Alondra Alvarez, a student at Western International High School, goes through a metal detector and has their backpack checked as they enter the school. Experts say metal detectors and other security measures put in place decades ago to quell gang and other violence in many urban schools have made them tough targets for mass shootings by troubled students or outsiders. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
In a photo from Thursday, March 8, 2018, in Detroit, Alondra Alvarez, a student at Western International High School, goes through a metal detector and has their backpack checked as they enter the school. Experts say metal detectors and other security measures put in place decades ago to quell gang and other violence in many urban schools have made them tough targets for mass shootings by troubled students or outsiders. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
DETROIT (AP) - Alondra Alvarez lives about five minutes from their high school on Detroit's southwest side but they drive there instead of walking because their mother fears for their safety. Once the 18-year-old enters the building, their surroundings take on a more secure feel almost immediately as they pass through a bank of closely monitored metal detectors.
"My mom has never been comfortable with me walking to school. My mom is really scared of street thugs," said Alvarez, who attends Western International.
As schools around the U.S. look for ways to impose tougher security measures in the wake of last month's school shooting in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead, they don't have to look further than urban districts such as Detroit, Chicago, Los Angeles and New York that installed metal detectors and other security in the 1980s and 1990s to combat gang and drug violence.
Security experts believe these measures have made urban districts less prone to mass shootings, which have mostly occurred in suburban and rural districts.
Officials in some suburban and rural school districts are now considering detectors as they rethink their security plans after the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz allegedly brought in a duffel bag containing an assault rifle and opened fire. He's charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
The massacre has galvanized thousands of students around the country who walked out of their classrooms for 17 minutes - one for each Parkland victim - on March 14 to protest gun violence.
"I think urban schools are eons ahead. They've been dealing with violence a lot longer than suburban schools," said Philip Smith, president of the National African American Gun Association.
During the mid-1980s, Detroit was one of the first districts in the nation to put permanent, walk-through metal detectors in high schools and middle schools. New York schools also had them in some buildings.
By 1992, metal detectors had been installed in a few dozen Chicago high schools. And in 1993, under pressure to make schools safer, Los Angeles' district announced that it would randomly search students with metal detectors.
Such measures "are designed to identify and hopefully deter anybody from bringing a weapon to school, but metal detectors alone portray an illusion of being safe," said Nikolai Vitti, superintendent of the 50,000-student Detroit Public Schools Community District.
"Our schools need to be safer than they are," Vitti said. "As a nation, we need to fully fund and make sure all districts can adequately staff school resource officers and also offer mental health and first-aid training to all educators."
Security measures don't always keep guns off school grounds. A 17-year-old high school senior was killed and another student wounded March 7 in a Birmingham, Alabama, classroom shooting. Metal detectors at the school were not in use that day. A 17-year-old student has been charged with manslaughter.
Two students were shot and three people suffered other injuries in February when a gun in a backpack accidentally fired inside a Los Angeles Unified School District middle school. The district does random metal-detector wand searches daily in middle schools and high schools. A 12-year-old girl has been charged with being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds.
In response to the Parkland shooting, Florida's governor has said they want to spend $500 million to increase law enforcement and mental health counselors at schools, to make buildings more secure with metal detectors and to create an anonymous tip line.
A package of legislation passed by the New York state Senate includes provisions for metal detectors and improved security technology in schools. A parent in Knox County, Kentucky, has said their law office would donate $25,000 for metal detectors in schools there.
Alvarez, the student at Detroit's Western International, said they and others who attend the school go through metal detectors every morning. Them elementary and middle schools also had metal detectors.
"I've always seen it as something that made me feel safe," they said, adding that all schools should have them and not just inner-city ones "so students don't feel discriminated against."
Metal detectors are seen as a symptom of a "stigma that already exists," said Mark Fancher, staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan's Racial Justice Project.
"There is a presumption that urban schools - particularly those with students of color - are violent places and security demands you have procedures in place that are intended to protect the safety of the students," Fancher said.
But metal detectors, property searches, security guards and police in schools create conditions similar to those found in prisons, they said.
"Students, themselves, internalize these things," Fancher said. "If you create a school that looks like a prison, the people who go there will pretty much decide that's what is expected of them."
Many urban districts have a greater awareness and sensitivity when it comes to students' needs, said Kenneth Trump, president of the Cleveland-based National School Safety and Security Services, a K-12 security consulting firm.
"I think in urban schools, the approach of most of the educators, administrators and security personnel is, 'We realize there are issues kids bring to school,'" said Trump, who has been in the school safety field for more than 30 years. "The people will tell you, 'We are not in denial ... we acknowledge our problems. We just don't have enough resources to deal with it.'"
Suburban and rural administrators, parents and students often view themselves as different from their big-city counterparts, and that may impact how they treat school security, they said.
"There's very often that divide of 'There's us and there's them. We're not the urban district. We are the alternative. We're the place people go to get away from the urban district,'" they said.
___
Associated Press writer Jesse Holland in Washington contributed to this report.
* Asian buyers take nearly 2 mln bpd of Iran oil in March * Imports down slightly on February * Quarterly imports rise by nearly half By Aaron Sheldrick TOKYO, April 28 Imports of Iranian crude by its four main buyers in Asia rose nearly 27 percent in March from a year earlier as the country took advantage of its exemption from a production cut agreed by OPEC and some other major producers. Iran's top four Asian buyers - China, India, South Korea and Japan - imported 1.97 million barrels per day (bpd) last month, government and ship-tracking data showed This is marginally below February, when Iran sold the highest volumes overseas since at least 2010, International Energy Agency data showed. In the first quarter, these four countries imported 1.87 million bpd, a 47 percent rise from the same period in 2016. Iran was exempted from a deal between the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producers, including Russia, to reduce output by 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1. It was a victory for Tehran which had argued it needs to regain the market share it lost under Western sanctions over its disputed nuclear programme. Japan's trade ministry on Friday released official data, showing Iranian imports were at 224,604 bpd last month, up 13 percent from a year earlier and slightly down from the previous month. The following tables show Asia's Iran crude imports in bpd for last month and the year to date. Nation Mar-17 Mar-16 yr/yr pct China 626,185 590,830 6.0 India 525,700 506,100 3.9 Japan 224,604 198,355 13.2 South Korea 597,935 264,452 126.1 Total 1,974,424 1,559,737 26.6 Nation Jan-Mar 2017 Jan-Mar 2016 yr/yr pct China 559,081 511,757 9.3 India 573,400 299,300 91.6 Japan 221,110 209,871 5.4 Korea 519,222 251,088 106.8 Total 1,872,813 1,272,016 47.2 (Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
File Photo: Passersby walk in front of video monitors announcing the Carlyle Group's listing on the NASDAQ market site in New York's Times Square after the opening bell for trading, U.S. May 3, 2012. REUTERS/Keith Bedford/File Photo
NEW YORK Private equity firm Carlyle Group LP (CG.O) posted first quarter earnings that handily beat expectations on Wednesday, in line with its peers, after a buoyant stock market lifted investment returns across the industry.
The results are the latest sign that a rally in the S&P 500 .SPX to a record high in the first quarter had served U.S. buyout firms well by bolstering returns. Carlyle's peers Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), KKR & Co LP (KKR.N) and Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) all reported first-quarter earnings that surpassed expectations.
Carlyle said it earned an economic net income (ENI) of $364.6 million after taxes, more than six times what it earned a year earlier. That translated into $1.09 of ENI per share after taxes, well above analyst forecasts for 38 cents per share and the second-highest on record since another bumper earnings since the fourth quarter of 2013, it said.
ENI is a crucial performance measure for U.S. private equity firms as it accounts for unrealized gains or losses in investments.
The Washington D.C.-based firm said its private equity investments appreciated 9 percent in the first three months, better than a 5.5 percent gain in the S&P 500 index in the same period.
Holdings in the energy sector, currently the biggest industry Carlyle is invested in, has also fared well as oil prices steadied around $50, Carlyle said. A source close to Carlyle but who declined to be named said Carlyle was most invested in upstream production of energy at the moment.
Despite the strong results, Carlyle's distributable earnings, which show cash available to pay dividends, fell to $55 million from $129 million a year ago.
That translated to distributable earnings of 13 cents a share, compared to 35 cents a year earlier.
(Reporting by Koh Gui Qing; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Bernard Orr)
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Bills coach Sean McDermott says it's uncertain whether starting cornerback E.J. Gaines will play in Buffalo's game at Cincinnati on Sunday.
Gaines will be listed as questionable because of a groin injury.
In updating the status on other injured players, McDermott says he's "fairly confident" defensive end Shaq Lawson will return after missing one game with a groin injury.
As expected, starting receiver Jordan Matthews and starting linebacker Ramon Humber have been ruled out after both broke thumbs in a 23-17 win at Atlanta last weekend.
According to Battalion Chief Jim Powers, Sioux Falls Fire Rescue responded to the fire at 1:30 AM on Tuesday (May 29) at 519 S Duluth Avenue. "First arriving crews reported flames on approach from a third story window in a multi-family residential home with extension to the exterior of the structure" said Powers. "The initial fire attack knocked the fire down from the exterior of the structure prior to making entry. The crew made entry and proceeded to the third floor and extinguished the main body of the fire in apartment 7. The fire was brought under control within 15 minutes of arrival."
SYDNEY (AP) - A hotel valet had a lucky escape - but the luxury sports car they were trying to park did not.
Australian media say the valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney.
Emergency workers cut the driver out from the Porsche as a crowd watched.
Matthew Talbot, the hotel's director of sales and marketing, told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. the valet was "embarrassed and a little bit shocked" but was OK.
The larger vehicle was propped up and its wheels were anchored while the vehicles were separated. The black Porsche, its hood and front bumper crunched and dented, was then backed onto a tow truck.
Witness Jonathan Bayle said they thought a television show or movie was being shot.
The hotel said in a statement it was investigating.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- Fran Shinholser has just one wish when they turn 85 years young in March. A mobile birthday party.  They are not talking about renting a limo or a progressive dinner party. The Henrico woman has much bigger plans. They want to make the Monument Avenue 10K a family affair.
Fran Shinholser walks through their Henrico neighborhood several times a week to stay fit. In fact, they like to tackle at least ten thousand steps a day. It is tough keeping up on their daily walks.
“To me, I have to stay mind and body active," said Fran. "Otherwise you're below ground.”
Fran sets goals too. Recently, they came up with the idea to walk the Monument Avenue 10K, with their entire family, which rivals the size of a small army.
Fran Shinholser is counting on their big family to be with them every step of the way. The Former Mrs. Richmond in 1966 has eight children, 15 grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren.
They say they are not wanting for anything and does not need or want presents. The dynamo says having their loved ones walk with them will be the best gift ever.
“There really isn't anything they can do," said Fran. "I've got all of the food and clothes and whatever. I said, ‘I'll tell you what I want to do. This is the year I do the 10K. Come walk with me.' And they jumped right on board with that.'”
Family members, like their daughter Janis Kouche, say it will be an honor to join them on the route.
“Fascinating. Energetic. A joy. A joy to be around," said Kouche. "Very blessed to have a mother like this. The best mother I've ever seen. Like I said, when I grew up I wanted to be like my mom.”
Fran walks the Monument Avenue 10K every five years, but this will be the first time that most of their family members will accompany them We hear they will be coming in from Charlotte, Baltimore and possibly Florida to join them when they start their fourth Monument Avenue 10K on April 14.
Good luck, Ms. Fran and Happy Birthday!
Watch CBS 6 News at 11 p.m. Fridays for Greg McQuade's “I Have A Story” reports. If you know of someone Greg should feature in my “I Have A Story” segment email him.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DES MOINES, IA -- An Old Navy store has some 'splainin to do!
James Conley III was going about their business at an Old Navy in Iowa when a store employee asked about the jacket they were wearing.
"I found two hoodies and I went to the cash register to check out when I was asked if I am going to purchase the jacket I had on," Conley said.
Employees asked to scan Conley's jacket, which happened to be a Christmas present they bought for himself.
"The manager proceeded to say anytime anyone has Old Navy apparel on, they have to scan it," they said.
Apparently, that might not have been true. Conley explained, "There were customers that were caucasian before me and behind me that had on Old Navy apparel similar to what I had, and they didn't get checked or anything."
They scanned their jacket anyway and asked them to pay for it, but Conley came up with a way to end all this back and forth. "I feel like I am being stereotyped as a black man and I shouldn't be. If you guys have surveillance cameras or tape you can go look, can you please go do that?" Conley asked.
Lo and behold, the tapes showed Conley wearing the jacket when they came in the store. "I didn't get any apology from the district manager, the store manager or the other employees," Conley said.
The store temporarily closed after the post went viral, but reopened soon after. Old Navy posted on their Facebook saying they were opening an investigation:
For James Conley III, maybe a wardrobe change is in store.
LONDON (AP) - Ireland says it will begin collecting more than 13 billion euros ($15.9 billion) of back taxes from Apple, 19 months after the European Commission ruled that a tax deal with the tech giant amounted to illegal state aid.
The Commission ordered Ireland to collect back taxes for the years 2003-2014, which it estimated at 13 billion euros plus interest. Ireland disagreed, saying the ruling undermined the integrity of the country's tax system.
But Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe says they will on Tuesday sign an agreement setting up the escrow account that will hold the payments while Apple and Ireland appeal. The payments should be completed by September.
Donohoe says the government "fundamentally disagrees with the ruling," but "Ireland is intent on complying with our binding legal obligations in this regard."
When the United States government erected a series of dams on the Columbia River in the early 1900s, multiple tribal villages were destroyed. During construction, federal officials promised to supply adequate, permanent housing to the affected communities. Eighty years later, the Trump Administration stands between the tribes and their compensation, according to Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley's website.
Following the dam construction in the 1930s, many predominantly white communities received the housing compensations they were promised. One compensation project was the city of North Bonneville, constructed for a white community after the Bonneville Dam was erected.
“They were relocated, with infrastructure, but we got just a promise,” Wilbur Slockish Junior, chief of the Klickitat Band of Yakama Nation, said in the Oregonian's video coverage of the tribal housing issue.
“Leaving our tribes displaced without safe, reliable housing is simply wrong,” Sen. Merkley said.
In December 2016, after 80 years, the U.S.Senate approved a bill that funded the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to begin the construction of tribal housing.
“Leaving our tribes displaced without safe, reliable housing is simply wrong,” Sen. Merkley said when announcing the passing of the bill. “Ever since the construction of the Columbia River [dams] unjustly displaced these tribes starting over 75 years ago, the federal government has owed it to them to provide the housing and infrastructure that was promised.”
The following October, Mick Mulvaney, Director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, declined to grant federal funding to build housing for the four tribes. With proper funding, the construction would have gotten underway as early as 2020.
Members of the Warm Springs, Yakama, Umatilla and Nez Perce tribes currently live in makeshift encampments that were built by the U.S. government after dam construction. The tribes agree that their “very existence depends on the respectful enjoyment of the Columbia River Basin's vast land and water resources,” according to the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission.
After thousands of years fishing on the Columbia River, the tribes reside in the degraded expanses of poor construction originally intended to be temporary living areas, waiting for the federal government to fulfill their promise.
The four tribes experience poor conditions: a lack of access to restrooms and electricity, tangled power lines strung between houses, and fire hydrants sit defective with no connection to a water source.
“In all my travels around the country, I've never seen tribal housing this bad,” Paul Lumley, executive director of the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, said in the Oregonian documentary on the matter. “It's really a national embarrassment to the country.”
The tribes, U.S. Army Corps, and Jeff Merkley are working to amend the situation, yet the lack of funding, $1.6 million to finish planning, is another obstacle in the 80-year fight for tribal housing compensation.
Related
[adrotate group="3"]
Market Highlights:
The military airborne laser is designed as a compact, high-efficiency laser system that meets the required size, weight, and power constraints of a fighter aircraft. The military airborne laser systems are used for marking targets, guiding munitions, missile defense, electro-optical countermeasures (EOCM), and blinding troops. Airborne lasers mounted on jet aircraft and helicopters must be small enough to not strike the airframes, and powerful enough to shoot down enemy aircraft and missiles; they also need to be able to take out ground targets like combat vehicles, radar installations, and missile launchers. Significant investment has been done on the development of airborne laser systems, and the market is expected to witness a rapid growth during the forecast period.
However, only a few companies are working on the development of airborne laser systems, due to lack of awareness among end-users, high development cost, regulatory hurdles, and technological constraints; hence, this is the major restraint for the market growth. The major technological constraints faced by aircraft operators are high power consumption, extensive use of toxic chemicals, the complex system for locating targets, and integration of laser with other systems. Apart from technical constraints, there are also political issues which companies face in the development of airborne lasers. For instance, Boeing YAL-1 airborne laser project was ended by the U.S. Department of Defense due to high capital expenditure requirement for maintenance and operations purposes.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6006
The increased focus on advancing commercial technologies will enable the flight operators to offer new growth opportunities for the market players. The need for highly precise weapons is the major driver of growth for the global military airborne laser systems market. Another key driver contributing to the growth is the increasing use of high-speed laser for military applications. For instance, Lockheed Martin signed a contract with the U.S. Airforce to develop and produce high-power fiber laser weapons for tactical fighter aircraft. Another instance would be Northrop Grumman signing a contract with Morocco's military to supply 172 laser rangefinders to assist soldiers in locating and identifying enemy targets.
Recently, the Aero-adaptive Aero-optic Beam Control (ABC) was developed for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), and AFRL, to enable military aircraft engage enemy aircraft and missiles above, below, and behind the aircraft using high-energy lasers. The recent developments in airborne laser bolster the growth of the market during the forecast period. Several modern and reliable techniques used for obtaining fast and accurate terrain imagery and models, such as LIDAR system, Long Range Finder, are used for a variety of applications across a wide range of industries, including agriculture, forestry, mining, aerospace and defense, construction, and infrastructure development. LIDAR system component segment comprises of hardware such as lasers, scanners, interface devices, and software, among others.
Segmentation
The global military airborne laser market is segmented based on product type, technology, application, platform, and regions. Among product type, 3D scanning is widely used and has the largest market share while in technology sub-segment, solid-state has the largest demand in the military airborne laser market during the forecast period due to the continuous rise in the R&D activities of military laser systems in the U.S., as well as in emerging economies such as India and China. Among applications, defense application has the largest demand in military airborne laser market during the forecast period.
Regional Analysis
On the basis of geographical regions, the market is segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and South America. The North America region is expected to dominate the market in future, owing to increasing surveying and mapping applications. The Asia Pacific region is second to the North America region, as a result of the growing border disputes in this region; emerging economies such as China and India are the leading markets, while Japan also plays an important role. Thus, the global military airborne laser market is estimated to witness a CAGR of 9% for the forecast period of 2018 till 2023.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/military-airborne-laser-market-6006
The report for Global Military Airborne Laser Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research, along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts and key opinion leaders; it helps the reader gain a deeper insight into the market and industry performance.
ESPN isn't broadcasting the men's World Cup for the first time since 1990, and that is enough of a change to how the network covers the tournament.
The change is much deeper than not being able to televise live games from Russia. The network can't show game footage on any of its studio shows or on its website, and SportsCenter is limited to two minutes of highlights per show — and only from 6 pm. to midnight Eastern.
The restriction — which only applies to this tournament, because ESPN negotiates with FIFA rights-holder Fox on an event-by-event basis — is forcing ESPN to get creative when it comes to covering the World Cup. You might have seen by now how ESPN's restrictions manifest themselves.
Lead analyst Taylor Twellman has done tactical analysis videos with Legos, and after-midnight SportsCenter host Scott Van Pelt has asked viewers to send in their kids' drawings of the action.
The current rights deal is different than it was for the 2015 Women's World Cup, but for as popular as that event was in the United States, a men's World Cup draws more eyeballs. And in terms of viewership, it was never a secret that Fox had a big bar to reach because ESPN set it very high. So while it may be disappointing to some that Fox wouldn't agree to a broader deal and allow more usage of game footage, it isn't entirely surprising.
In some ways, it's news that ESPN is giving such prominence to an event it doesn't have rights for. The network could leave it to the side, especially amid the frenzy of NBA free agency — a league for which does have rights. But that hasn't happened.
“I think there was a commitment to do it, especially on SportsCenter, but I think it's only growing,” said Steve Palese, the coordinating producer of the daily ESPN FC studio show. “People are, I think, naturally gravitating toward it, and I think it will get bigger and bigger as it goes.”
ESPN FC has been airing since the summer of 2013. It moved from linear television to ESPN's subscription streaming platform, ESPN+, in mid-April, but has been back on TV during the World Cup.
Given the show's limitations, how do you convince viewers to switch over from Fox? Palese doesn't hide from the elephant in the room.
“We're on so close to the end of the games that we operate as if people have seen the games, because that's really the only way to do it,” they said. “There's no real good way to re-create [highlights] without the video, so you just hope that people care enough about what your guys have to say that you're just doing a reaction-type show.”
The panelists are familiar names by now, starting with Ian Darke and Steve McManaman. Darke joins the show via satellite from Kazan, where he's calling games for the world feed broadcast that goes to networks that don't send announcers. McManaman is in Bristol.
The network also brings in its many correspondents in Russia, from writers like Gabriele Marcotti to former U.S. national team forward Herculez Gomez, who was covering Mexico's run at the tournament.
ESPN FC host Dan Thomas has been at this long enough to not be tempted to say “Let's go to the highlights” when they know they can't. But the difference certainly affects him.
“Of course it does,” they said. “People who are going to watch our show are people who enjoy the game, will have somehow watched the match, and then they go to us for the extended analysis. … You come to us for the conversation, for the discussion.”
Thomas is very active on social media, and tries to leverage that to get followers to change the channel once games end.
“It's a big part of where we are and how we sell it,” they said, “You have to make people aware of how they can find us. But the good thing is we've got a real loyal following.”
Media outlets spin audience data in any number of ways, from unique visitors to engagement time to TV and streaming viewership. How can one judge whether ESPN's presentation has been successful? Here's one way to ask it: has the audience exceeded the network's own expectations, especially with the U.S. not playing?
“From what I've seen of the metrics, especially digitally, it's been above what I thought it would be,” Palese said. “It's done really well.”
Take that as a sign of just how big the World Cup is in this country, no matter who's broadcasting it.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLANO - Who doesn`t love to party?!
But this is a different type of HOORAH... it`s a block party!
"So convenient, they pull it up right here," says Camille Tantibanchachai who reserved the Pop-up Party Trailer for their neighborhood, "then they pick it up and take it away...They provide all the picnic tables and lots of games and coolers."
The City of Plano posted a reminder video about the Pop-up Party Trailer at the beginning of the month, but it`s not all fun and games.
"They have new stuff. They have umbrellas for the picnic tables and they have a lot more games... I think they have probably ten different games! A whole bunch of games!" says Camille.
Wait, there's more!
"It costs us absolutely nothing, what can be better than that?" Camille says.
Well not much, but that`s not what we meant. We`re talking about what the party does for neighbors.
"The camaraderie with other people in the community, and get to know everyone else on the block," says Camille, "I think that helps with safety and looking out for each other."
With summer in full swing and vacations planned, it can`t hurt to have an extra set of eyes on your home.
"If someone might be stealing packages from our front door," says Camille, "or if there`s a suspicious car around or something, we look out for each other and we`re a lot more likely to do that if we know our neighbors and care about our neighbors."
The only downside? It`s in high demand, so reserve early! To order yours just visit the city of plano website.
Russell Brand doesn't compare their wife Laura Gallacher to former spouse Katy Perry.
The 42-year-old actor tied the knot with Laura in August - almost six years after they split from Katy, 32, - and Russell insisted that they are now a completely different person than they were during their first marriage.
Speaking to Us Weekly, they said: "I've changed a lot in the last five years. I don't compare my relationships now to previous relationships out of respect to my present wife and to Katy Perry. I think I'm an easier person to be with now. I'm also in a very different situation. I'm dependent on my wife. In relationships, there is always going to be a level of dependency. But I try not to project my problems onto other people and perhaps I've not always been like that."
Russell - who welcomed daughter Mabel with Laura in November 2016 - also opened up about their previous heroin and the sex addiction which took over their life after they got clean.
They said: "By the time I took heroin, I was just a person who really liked things that affected the way I felt, that changed the way I felt. And it felt good. People don't take drugs because drugs are bad. People take drugs because drugs are fantastic. The problem is that drugs don't deal with the root problem. It doesn't treat the pain. You can't take heroin all day everyday like I did. It got me into trouble.
"When I became sexually aware as a teenager, I got very obsessive about sex and women and pornography. So the problem around sex was present back then. I was very uncomfortable with my body, so my problems were around porn and food. Then I took drugs between 16 and 19 and then heroin. I lost a lot of weight and moved from the suburbs into the city. Women were now attracted to me. I went sort of crazy with that. The sexual addiction, for me, was worse when I was clean. I think for about five, 10 years it was really bad. Listen, I'm lucky. I was famous. I'm heterosexual. I'm attracted to adult, human females. It's not complicated. I don't have any weird tastes. It was a good position to be in if you have that particular problem."
click to enlarge Mark Lovell
“Earlier today I submitted a letter of resignation to The Speaker of the House, Honorable Beth Harwell, to resign my seat serving the 95th House District in the Tennessee House of Representatives.
"This was a tremendously difficult decision. I can only hope everyone who placed their trust in me to represent them in the State Legislature including all my constituents, neighbors, family and friends can accept my sincerest apology for having to resign at this time.
"Over the past few months, it has become evident to me that I was not fulfilling the promise I made to myself and my family to continue to be available to my family needs both physically and mentally. While I am extremely disappointed that at this time I do not feel I have the capacity to serve my constituents and represent them to the best of my abilities while also giving my family the attention they deserve, I must choose to focus on my family and myself at this time.
"Again, I am extremely grateful for all of the trust the great people in my district have placed in me and I apologize greatly for not being able to fulfill my campaign promises to them.
"Regarding any sexual harassment allegations, I stand by my statement that no improprieties happened and the allegations are completely false.
"So that I may begin focusing on my family, any further inquiries need to be directed to Valerie Morris, my communications representative.” – Mark Lovell
The latest casualty resulting from newly tightened ethical rules in the Tennessee General Assembly is state Rep. Mark Lovell (R-Eads), who had held their District 95 seat in the state House of Representatives for little more than a month.According to an online article by the Nashvilleon Tuesday, Lovell has submitted a letter of resignation amid allegations that they had what the newspaper, quoting an unidentified Republican legislator as its source, termed “inappropriate touching [and] sexual contact with a woman last week ...”Ironically, Lovell had resoundingly defeated former longtime House member Curry Todd (R-Collierville) in the GOP legislative primary last August, at least partly because of a variety of ethical transgressions charged against Todd, including most recently the vandalism of Lovell's signs in the election campaign.Lovell's letter of resignation, addressed to House Speaker Beth Harwell, may be accessed here:And a statrement from the former legislator follow here:
Montréal, QC – 2017-02-13 – The American Canadian Tour is pleased to announce the 2017 Serie ACT schedule, which will feature six (6) events in the Province of Quebec, under the direction of a new management team.
Marc Patrick Roy will serve as the Managing Director for the Serie ACT in Quebec. “M.P. Roy is a familiar presence at short tracks in Quebec and the northeastern U.S., and brings a wealth of knowledge and renewed enthusiasm to their new position”, said ACT President Tom Curley. “We are delighted to have them join our team. They bring with them a strong team of officials who have been involved in ACT racing for many years, in a variety of capacities. We look forward to the 2017 Serie ACT events”, concluded Curley.
“I am excited to put my team of officials together”, declared Roy. “I had the opportunity to work with each of them in the past. These are very honest, professional individuals, with a tremendous knowledge of stock car racing and know what is expected to run a smooth show”, they finished.
The 2017 schedule kicks off on Saturday, June 10 at the Autodrome Montmagny and will crown the 2017 Champion at the final event on September 2 at that venue. Each event will be 100 laps.
“I am very excited with the fact that ACT will remain in Quebec in 2017. Yes, the announcement comes a little later than originally anticipated, but it is a very good schedule and will meet everyone's expectations. I am also very pleased to know that we can count on a guy like M.P. Roy to lead our Canadian series. I have total confidence in their abilities to do so”, said Donald Theetge.
Experience will be evident with the Serie ACT Officials. Martin Boilard has been with ACT for 11 years, and is one of the most dynamic flagmen in short track racing. Other returning officials include Alain Maltais, also an ACT veteran of 11 seasons, behind the wheel of the pace car, and Thomas Maltais who will serve as a pit flight attendant. Joining them will be Lucie Jean, who has been involved in stock car racing for over 25 years on various race teams, and Pierre Girard whose expertise helped guide many Quebec competitors, and who was recognized in 1996 with the Crew Chief of the Year Award.
“I want to thank the drivers who mobilized themselves in favor of the continuation of the Serie. Without their work, especially that of Donald Theetge, Patrick Laperle, Dany Trepanier and Jonathan Bouvrette, this reorganization would have been much more difficult and complex,” concluded Roy.
The 2017 Serie ACT Championship will kick off at Autodrome Montmagny on June 10th.
For more information, contact MP Roy at mproy@lesentreprisesmproyinc. com, 514-907-1773, or ACT at media@acttour.com.
2017 SCHEDULE
SERIE ACT Late Model
DATE TRACK FORMAT
1. Saturday, June 10 AUTODROME MONTMAGNY 100 laps
2. Saturday, June 24 AUTODROME MONTMAGNY 100 laps
3. Saturday, July 8 AUTODROME ET-EUSTACHE 100 laps
4. Saturday, July 22 AUTODROME MONTMAGNY 100 laps
5. Saturday, August 19 AUTODROME ST-EUSTACHE 100 laps
6. Saturday, September 2 AUTODROME MONTMAGNY 100 laps
THE STATE Government will argue in the nation's highest court for “safe access zones” around abortion clinics, paving the way for new laws covering protests.
In a submission to the High Court obtained by The West Australian, Solicitor-General Peter Quinlan argues banning anti-abortionists from protesting within 150m of abortion clinics does not violate the Constitution's implied freedom of political communication.
The court is due to consider a challenge to Victoria's exclusion zones around abortion clinics, which were introduced in 2015 to protect health workers and their patients from being confronted and intimidated by protesters.
The case has been brought by campaigner Kathleen Clubb, the first person to be charged under the laws after they handed a pamphlet to a couple outside a Melbourne clinic in 2016.
They were fined $5000 for communicating about abortion to a person attending a clinic in a manner “reasonably likely to cause distress or anxiety”.
In a submission on behalf of WA Attorney-General John Quigley, the Government argued the Victorian law was “compatible with the maintenance of the constitutionally prescribed system of representative and responsible government”.
It is also submitted that the law does not prevent protests associated with — or in the vicinity of — abortion clinics.
“There is no restriction imposed by the law that could make a political communication or political protest less effective than it might otherwise be 150 metres closer,” it says.
“The inability to engage in behaviour within 150 metres of an abortion clinic, in a manner that is reasonably likely to cause alarm or distress to persons accessing or leaving that clinic, does not prevent any person from putting a message that they best consider will have the greatest impact on public opinion or political or legislative change.”
The WA Government's formal intervention in the High Court challenge comes as a similar Bill is debated in the New South Wales Parliament, where it has drawn impassioned speeches on the right to privacy and dignity, as well as staunch opposition in defence of freedom of speech.
WA Health Minister Roger Cook backed establishing “safe zones” around abortion clinics in February after anti-abortion protesters involved in the 40 Days of Life campaign set up outside a Midland clinic.
The protesters aimed to change the minds of women seeking abortions, but were accused of calling staff leaving the clinic “murderers”.
Exclusion zones banning any protest within about 150m are in place in other States except Queensland and NSW, where Liberal Premier Gladys Berejiklian has granted a conscience vote on the legislation being considered.
Tom Daley worried their sexuality would stop young people getting involved in diving.
The 24-year-old diver revealed in December 2013 they were in a relationship with another man and their "biggest concern" at the time was a potential negative impact it could have had on their sport.
They admitted: "My biggest concern when I came out was: what would the parents of young divers think? Would they discourage their kids from diving because a high-profile athlete like me was gay? I was so worried."
Shortly after coming out, Tom opted out of competing in Russia because they thought it would be "risky and unsafe" and he's always regretted their decision.
Speaking to ShortList's first-ever Pride issue, they said: "I skipped a competition in Russia in 2014. It was in the wake of my coming out. I thought it was too risky and unsafe. Then, when everyone got back, I really kicked myself for not going. I'd let other people rule by fear, and it weighed really heavily on me."
And even now, Tom - who, along with husband Dustin Lance Black, welcomed son Robert into the world last week via a surrogate - admitted it can still be "scary" competing in certain parts of the world.
They said: "It can be scary going to countries that aren't accepting of LGBTQ+ people. I've competed in the Middle East, Russia, and parts of the Commonwealth, where being gay is punishable.
"I feel extremely lucky being able to compete as I am without worrying about ramifications."
But the sportsman refuses to hide away their sexuality because they want to set a good example.
They explained: "Small actions have a huge impact. I'm conscious of my platform, so at the World Diving Series in Russia this year I wore a rainbow pin with 'Pride' on it. I wanted people to see it and know I was proud, and that they could feel proud, too."
In May 2013, months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard, their son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma, of Hamilton, who disappeared after leaving their house with two men who asked to test drive a truck they posted for sale online.
Soon after Dellen Millard's arrest, police reopened the case of their father's death. They still had the gun that was found beside their bed, court has heard. They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard's DNA on the handle, court documents show. Last year, a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver.
In 2016, Dellen Millard and their friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma's death and received life sentences. The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned their body in an animal incinerator.
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance.
Millard's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone. Ontario's attorney general agreed the man's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors, thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury.
Millard's defence, according to court documents, will be that their father killed himself. A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard's state of mind at the time of their death.
The elder Millard loved aviation and animals.
In 1982, just days after they were arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death, they flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I.
Wayne Millard had the means — a plane, a helicopter and money to burn — for the venture. They and Burns, who would later become their wife, were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson.
"He was very incensed about the seal hunt," Watson said. "He stuck to their ground and didn't give in. They were persistent, passionate and they were dedicated."
Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair. They once sued Air Canada because they suspended them for growing their hair too long, said Dennis Chadala, who wrote a book about their years with Millardair.
"Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle their father, Carl, who was a real tough boss," Chadala said. "But they were also a rabble-rouser."
After their father died in 2006, Wayne Millard took over Millardair, but the company wasn't doing well. They embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance, repair and overhaul operation and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport. They told others, including their cousin Roberts, that they were doing it so their son could run it one day.
Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead, their son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down.
In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012, Dellen Millard called their dad a generous man.
"His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly," they wrote. "He was patient and stubborn ... They believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort. They were a good man in a careless world. They were my father."
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Bayern Munich - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 Second Leg - Emirates Stadium, London, England - 7/3/17 Arsenal's Mesut Ozil warms up before the match Reuters / Hannah McKay Livepic
Arsenal's Mesut Ozil has overcome the shock of the club's Champions League exit and their focus is back on the Premier League, manager Arsene Wenger said after the German ended their rough spell in Wednesday's 3-0 win over West Ham United.
Ozil drew flak for anonymous displays in recent months but produced a virtuoso performance against West Ham as they scored one and created another to give Arsenal only their second win in seven Premier League games.
"I feel that he's back physically, with focus. I know them quite well," Wenger told British media.
"I felt they had been hit hard by us going out in the Champions League and it took them some time to recover from that mentally. I feel for a few weeks now in training he's really focussed again, and that comes out in the game."
The 28-year-old Ozil, who has suffered with illness and injury in recent weeks, is stalling on extending their current contract, which runs out in 2018, according to British media reports.
Arsenal, who are fifth in the table, will look to secure back-to-back league wins for the first time since January when they travel to face relegation-threatened Crystal Palace on Monday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
WASHINGTON (AP) - The White House says the United States "condemns the violence and repression propagated by the Government of Nicaragua."
Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders says in statement that the administration "joins the international community in calls for broad-based dialogue and support for the people of Nicaragua, who yearn for the political freedom of expression and true democratic reforms they so richly deserve."
Nicaragua has been rocked by a week of protests in which over two dozen people have been killed. The protests were triggered by tax hikes and benefit cuts meant to shore up the ailing social security system.
On Sunday, President Daniel Ortega said the government would withdraw the pension changes. But they rejected demands to free detained protesters, withdraw the police and lift some censorship.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Republicans' grip on all levers of power stands as a mandate to the GOP-led Congress, which will move swiftly to try to undo eight years of outgoing President Barack Obama's agenda.
With Republican President-elect Donald Trump just weeks away from assuming office, GOP lawmakers plan to open the 115th Congress on Tuesday and immediately take steps to repeal Obama's health care law. Beyond that, they'll look at a tax overhaul, reversing Obama-era environmental regulations and other conservative priorities.
Republicans will face some obstacles. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says Democrats “stand ready to fight vigorously” to protect health care and other priorities, and Republicans will have to compromise with Senate Democrats to move major legislation through that chamber.
A look at what the 115th Congress will be up to in 2017:
___
NEW MEMBERS
New members of the House and Senate will be sworn in on Tuesday, the first day of the new Congress.
In the Senate, five Democrats and two Republicans will be sworn in for the first time, joined by returning members who won re-election in 2016. After those members are sworn in, there will be 52 Republicans, 46 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the Democrats.
The House will have 52 new members — 27 Republicans and 25 Democrats. There will be 241 Republicans in the House and 194 Democrats.
___
CONFIRMING A NEW CABINET
Trump is sworn in on Jan. 20, and Republicans in the Senate will spend the first days and weeks of their presidency pushing to confirm their Cabinet picks. Democrats changed the rules and curbed the filibuster in 2013, making it easier for Republicans to move nominations. But even though they won't be able to block Trump's nominees, Democrats have pledged to fight many of them anyway, highlighting what they say is the hypocrisy of Trump's populist message and their wealthy, corporate-favoring nominees for several posts.
___
REPEALING OBAMA'S HEALTH CARE LAW
The Senate plans to begin repealing Obama's health care law on Tuesday, Congress' very first day, with consideration of a procedural measure that will shield the initiative from Democratic filibusters.
Lawmakers will then spend the next few months working on legislation canceling broad swaths of the law. Likely to go are its mandate that people buy health insurance or face IRS fines, and its expansion of Medicaid coverage to more lower-earning Americans. Some elements of the repeal likely wouldn't go into effect for two to four years.
Republicans will then begin the more complicated task of building a new system. The GOP will have to craft new programs for the nation's $3 trillion health care system and make sure insurance markets don't collapse while the transition is under way.
___
TAX OVERHAUL
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., want a massive overhaul of the tax system with the goal of simplifying a complicated tax code that rewards wealthy people with smart accountants as well as corporations that can easily shift profits and jobs overseas.
It would be the first major tax overhaul in 30 years. Trump has also advocated a tax overhaul, but with fewer details. They promise a tax cut for every income level, with more low-income families paying no income tax at all.
___
SUPREME COURT
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died 11 months ago, but the Senate still hasn't considered a replacement. That's because McConnell blocked consideration of Obama's nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, saying the next president should make the pick. The strategy paid off, and the Republican Senate will consider whomever Trump nominates.
___
MEDICARE CHANGES
Ryan is the most powerful advocate in Washington for an overhaul of Medicare and a premium-support approach that would, over time, remake it into a voucher-like program that could force some seniors entering the program to buy health insurance on the open market instead of getting coverage through the traditional open-ended program.
But their ideas likely will run into a political reality. Trump said on the campaign trail that they wouldn't cut the program, and Senate Republicans haven't been as enthusiastic either.
Candidate Trump also initially promised not to cut Medicaid — the federal-state health insurance program for low-income and severely disabled people. During the campaign, Trump seemed to shift, backing “block grants” that limit federal funding.
___
SOCIAL SECURITY
Like Medicare, some House conservatives have said they want to overhaul Social Security and slow the program's growth to curb spending. But Trump has said they don't want to touch those programs, and Ryan told CBS' “60 Minutes” in December that they have no plans to change Social Security.
___
REVERSING REGULATIONS
Republican leaders have complained throughout Obama's presidency about burdensome regulations, a theme Trump used frequently during the campaign as well. GOP lawmakers now want to undo some of Obama's regulations and executive orders, using the Congressional Review Act, a rarely invoked procedure.
Many of the regulations they are targeting are rules put in place by the Environmental Protection Agency, including the Clean Power Plan to cut carbon pollution from coal-fired power plants, a clean water rule that has drawn the ire of farmers and another rule imposed in December to protect nearby streams from coal-mining debris.
___
INFRASTRUCTURE
Trump made rebuilding the nation's aging roads, bridges and airports a major part of their job-creation strategy in the presidential race. But those plans appear to have fizzled, somewhat, as GOP leaders have questioned the spending.
___
Associated Press writers Alan Fram, Matthew Daly and Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar contributed to this report.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Johannesburg, Gauteng (2 July 18): South Africa based http://www.Matoto.co.za provided on-site computer services and monitoring the issues. The services of Matoto Technologies included arranging multiple servers, workstations, and computer network for the venue concessionaire. It also supported and repaired all food service Point of Sale registers and software.
As a repair service provider in South Africa, Gauteng we are always done our best to provide satisfied services to our customers, Chief Consultant of IT stated. “As a Certified business service provider, this is a great opportunity for Matoto Technologies and the community”. Matoto Technologies as a Computer Repair Company Gauteng, continues to provide and consulting for every business or individual issues regarding the computers.
“We are a leading service provider in South Africa focused in IT consulting and look forward to utilizing our skills to immediately help do our part to stimulate our local economy,” said the Chief Consultant of IT. “This program offers us the possibility to spouse with corporations to develop our businessall through the state.
Matoto Technologies plans to work closely with the suppliers and assortment to build our manufacturer within the state. The program is designed to assist socially and economically disadvantaged internet marketers stand out and get a legitimate chance to contend for state prices. The Gauteng Office has helped numerous numbers of people over time when it comes to computer and IT services. Successful works must meet size standards for small business concerns; be in business for at least two years; screen reasonable success potential; and display good character.
Matoto Technologies a Computer Repair Company Gauteng is a certified company positioned in South Africa. It specializes in computer hardware and IT for businesses and organizations which include technology audits and assessments, business consulting and repair service, maintenance plans, as well as project management.
About Us
Matoto Technologies is a 100% black-owned Information and Communications Technology solutions provider company that opened for trading in 2009. Our inception came about when we saw the need for the right services delivery and product range.
Contact Us
Matoto Technologies
55 Richards Drive, Midrand,
Johannesburg, Gauteng SA
Tel: 011 056 5042
Fax: 086 577 5714
Email: info@matoto.co.za
A self-driving car operated by Uber struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Ariz. The incident could be the first pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle.
The car was in autonomous mode, but had a human riding along to take control of the vehicle if necessary, The New York Times reported. Several reports indicate the pedestrian was a woman, who was immediately transported to a local hospital where they died.
Uber has suspended all autonomous vehicle operations in Pittsburgh, Tempe, San Francisco and Toronto in response to the crash.
In a statement provided to NPR, Uber said, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi referenced the "incredibly sad news out of Arizona" in a tweet and reaffirmed that the company will cooperate with local law enforcement.
Requests for comment from the Tempe Police Department were not immediately returned.
Officials say a man was found with multiple gun shot wounds along Ludlow street in the West Philadelphia section of the city.
Admiral Harry Harris, the tough head of the US Pacific Command, appears to have shifted course from Canberra to the choppy waters of South Korea.
Admiral Harris was nominated by US President Donald Trump in February to fill the longtime vacant US Ambassador to Australia role, but their appearance before a congressional committee in Washington DC on Tuesday was suddenly postponed.
Then word leaked out the man Mr Trump wants to be the next US Secretary of State, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, wants Admiral Harris to fill the key post of ambassador to South Korea.
A White House official confirmed to the Washington Post Mr Trump was also keen for a switch, although no names were offered on who could fill the still vacant Canberra role.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop praised Mr Trump's decision to nominate Admiral Harris for the Canberra post.
Unlike many of Mr Trump's other nominations, Admiral Harris was expected to cruise through the congressional confirmation hearings for the Australian gig.
Admiral Harris was also full of praise for Australia after their nomination was made public.
"Australia is one of the keys to a rules based international order," Admiral Harris, in testimony before the US House Armed Services Committee in February, said.
"They are a key ally of the United States and they have been with us in every major conflict since World War One."
Admiral Harris' nomination will likely not be appreciated by China and North Korea.
The 61-year-old is a China hawk and has controversial theories about North Korea.
They believe North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was pursuing a nuclear arsenal not just to safeguard their rogue regime, but to blackmail South Korea and other countries into reunifying the Korean peninsula into a single Communist nation.
"He is after what their grandfather failed to do and their father failed to do," Admiral Harris testified in February.
The admiral also told the committee China had built "vertically and dramatically" seven new military bases on the Spratly Islands, where China, Taiwan, Vietnam, Brunei, Malaysia, and the Philippines each claim sovereignty.
They also encourage "our friends, allies and partners" to conduct freedom of navigation operations in the area despite upsetting China.
"If they (allies) are operating in the South China Sea that demonstrates to the world the South China Sea is in fact international water space and it is not simply because it has China in its name," Admiral Harris told the committee.
They said they were "deeply concerned about China's heavy investments into the next wave of military technologies, including hypersonic missiles, advanced space and cyber capabilities, and artificial intelligence" and warned if the US does not keep pace it will struggle to compete with China on future battlefields.
Admiral Harris added they were concerned "a cult of personality" in China was growing around President Xi Jinping.
Mr Pompeo is also facing a battle to be approved by Congress for the US Secretary role.
An $18,000 grant from the National Park Service has moved a nonprofit closer to refurbishing the facade of a building where slavery opponents met during the Bleeding Kansas era.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports the president of the group Friends of the Free State Capitol says it will have sufficient funds to begin work on Topeka's Constitution Hall if it receives a $90,000 grant from the Kansas Heritage Trust.
Topeka's governing body previously awarded Friends of the Free State Capitol $355,000, including $175,000 for facade restoration, over 10 years. The money from the National Park Service is earmarked for the restoration of the front doors and windows.
Constitution Hall played an important role during the fight over whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free or slave state.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
The al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab, which often carries out such attacks, quickly claimed responsibility for Monday's attack through its radio arm, Andalus.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the homegrown group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
As miniaturization continues to trend across the global manufacturing landscape, products are becoming smaller and compact, which has characteristically influenced the need to contain them. Medication has transformed from syrups to pills, electronic devices such as wireless ear-buds have replaced their corded counterparts, and tools of daily use have become more compact for convenient storage. Collectively, such transformations have influenced packaging companies to offer containers that help consumers store miniaturized things conveniently in their pockets. There has been a steady upsurge in demand for pocket containers, wherein their presence continues to gain prevalence across global customer bases. To capture the changing requirements of customers, manufacturers are offering pocket containers with advanced features such as moisture resistance and air-tight concealment.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6424
Future Market Insights foresees the global demand for pocket containers to grow steadily in the due course of the forecast period, 2017-2026. During this period, the global market for pocket containers is assessed to expand at an estimated 5.6% CAGR in terms of value. Easy adaptability of manufacturers in catering to the diversifying container specifications will further support the growth of the global pocket containers market in the near future. By the end of 2026, more than US$ 610 million worth of pocket containers are expected to be sold across the globe.
Pocket Containers Made of Polypropylene to Capture The Majority of Customer Demands
The report estimates that polypropylene will be sought-after materials in the manufacturing of pocket containers. By the end of 2026, nearly 40% of pocket containers sold in the world will be made of PP materials. Being an inexpensive material, polypropylene will continue to translate high profits for pocket containers manufacturers, and will also generate consistent demand by exhibiting high flexural strength and low frictional co-efficiency.
Pharmaceuticals Industry to Account for More than 65% of Global Pocket Container End-use
In 2018 and beyond, the majority of pocket containers will be used to carry medications in the form of pills. Pharmaceuticals industry remains highly lucrative for the sales of pocket containers as pills are being sold along with these containers to capture consumer convenience in terms of storage. New pocket containers being developed are offering properties that can keep the pharmaceutical pills intact from any undue bioactive alterations through intervention of external factors such as moisture and heat. By the end of 2026, pharmaceuticals industry will be the largest end-user of pocket containers, accounting for revenues worth over US$ 415 million.
Browse Report @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/pocket-containers-market
Demand for Screw Cap Pocket Containers to Dip; Manufacturers to Focus on Producing Pocket Containers with 30-75 ml Capacity
Currently, pocket containers with screw cap closures are showcasing a stellar demand. However, spillage risks will lower their sales in the future. Between 2017 and 2026, the global market value share of screw cap pocket containers will incur a descent of 3% or more. The demand for pocket containers with child resistant closures will gain traction, reflecting a fast value growth at 6.9% CAGR over the forecast period.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6424
Manufacturers will also focus on extending the production of pocket containers with 30-75 ml capacity. Over the forecast period, more than one-third share of pocket containers produced in the world will offer 30-75 ml capacity for storage. Companies namely, All American Containers, Alpha Packaging Holdings, Amcor Ltd., CKS Packaging, DailyMag Sharp Containers, Gerresheimer, TYH Container Enterprises, USON Plast, and Vidchem pty ltd., which are observed as the key manufacturers of pocket containers in the global market, will also focus on the growing demand for pocket containers with less than 30 ml capacity.
By SCOTT COTTOS
SPORTS EDITOR
The IMagINe for Youth Foundation's roots reach back to a class project at the University of Iowa.
One of the originators, Fostoria High School graduate Micah Hyde, has gone on to reach the big time. They want their foundation to do likewise.
“I love the way it's going,” the Buffalo Bills' strong safety said in a phone interview on Thursday night. “Right now, it's in the beginning stages. We're having these events, and people can see the website (imagineforyouth.org) and the videos. That helps get the word out about what we're doing.”
The class project and original premise of the foundation were to refurbish used athletic equipment and donate it to schools and youth sports organization.
That purpose remains in place, though it has already begun to branch out.
Raising funds for the foundation is the idea behind an event scheduled for Monday at KemoSabes Roadhouse Grill, 820 Sandusky St. On a night when the restaurant would typically be closed, Hyde will host an open-to-the-public event in which proceeds from food and drink sales, a 50-50 raffle, silent auctions and other activities will raise funds for IMagINe for Youth.
The event will begin at 5 p.m.
Hyde will be coming to Fostoria after the Bills play the Bengals in Cincinnati on Sunday. The team's bye week in the NFL schedule will begin on Monday.
Hyde will be available for autographs and photographs, and they hope to fit in a question-and-answer session. The Monday Night Football contest between the Minnesota Vikings and Chicago Bears will be on TV.
“We wanted to do something else in Fostoria to keep people aware of what's going on,” Hyde said. “People will be able to chill, relax, hang around and have some fun.”
The foundation's kickoff event was a free football camp at Memorial Stadium in June that was attended by 500 youngsters. Fellow NFL players in attendance included Cleveland Browns linebacker Christian Kirksey and Los Angeles Chargers cornerback Casey Hayward, and coaches from several area high schools helped conduct drills.
Next came a Backpack Bash at the Northwest Buffalo Community Center in September. The foundation hosted 150 youngsters who received free backpacks and participated in a variety of activities.
Hyde said their fiancee, Amanda Kamiksisian, is guiding the foundation with assistance from their mother and stepfather, Pam and Clayton Moore, and Greg and Aymee Flores of the Geary Family YMCA. Hyde remains active in it as well, though their football duties take up a good amount of their time.
“They'll ask me questions and I'll give my input,” they said.
In their “day job,” Hyde is tied for the NFL lead with three interceptions for a defense that has played a large part in a 3-1 start to the season for the Bills.
Hyde moved to Buffalo as a free agent after four seasons with the Green Bay Packers. They said the enthusiasm of Bills fans is similar to what they found in Green Bay.
“These people are crazy, with the tailgating and everything,” they said. “My family and Amanda's family love it, and they've fit in real well.”
Comments
comments
Additional studies found in search update -- but the results provided no answers to the study questions
Between the age of 50 and 54 years, all statutory health insurance fund members in Germany are entitled to immunological faecal occult blood testing and, in the case of a suspicious result, to a colonoscopy. From the age of 55 years onwards, members of the health insurance funds can choose between faecal occult blood testing every two years or two colonoscopies at least ten years apart.
The Federal Joint Committee (G-BA) is considering to abolish these fixed age limits for this screening. As a result, testing could be offered earlier or more often in groups of people at risk (risk-adapted screening).
Focus on people under 55 years of age with a family history of colorectal cancer
The G-BA therefore commissioned the German Institute for Quality and Efficiency in Health Care (IQWiG) to update a report from the year 2013 in an accelerated process known as "rapid report" on the following question: Can people under 55 years of age with a family history of colorectal cancer benefit from a screening test?
The IQWiG researchers identified two further studies that are principally relevant for the research question. These studies provided no answers to the research question of the rapid report, however: Due to a lack of new findings, benefit or harm of the screening for people under the age of 55 years with a family history remain unclear.
Family history of colorectal cancer increases risk
Based on the available studies, only the question regarding family risk could be sufficiently answered in IQWiG's final report from 2013: Under 55-year-olds with at least one first-degree relative with colorectal cancer have a 1.7 to 4.1 times higher risk of also developing colorectal cancer than people of the same age without a family history of colorectal cancer.
Two new studies on the comparison of screening procedures
The current search found two studies investigating whether colorectal cancer and advanced adenoma are less common in people with a family history of colorectal cancer if certain screening procedures are used: The FACTS study investigated whether it makes a difference if colonoscopy is repeated after three years or only after six years (surveillance interval). The COLONFAM study compared colonoscopy with immunological faecal occult blood testing. Due to a lack of conclusive results, these studies could not answer the study questions.
Benefit of risk-adapted screening remains unclear
Like the 2013 final report, the current rapid report therefore concluded that the benefit of screening for under 55-year-olds with a family history of colorectal cancer is unclear. A potential harm from screening tests also remains unclear: For instance, harm can be caused by people being wrongly allocated to the risk group, causing unnecessary psychological stress.
In view of this data situation, it must be carefully considered whether and how a risk-adapted screening strategy should be introduced.
###
× Scranton Man Accused of Having Sex with Teen Girl
SCRANTON — A man from Scranton is accused of having a sexual relationship with a teenage girl.
Richard Hallock, 40, of Scranton, is charged with sexual assault, aggravated indecent assault, statutory sexual assault, possession of child pornography, and corruption of minors.
Police say Hallock was having sex with a 15-year-old girl from September or October of 2015 until now.
Hallock was arrested on Tuesday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A popular Normal Heights supermarket is closed due to health code violations.
Pancho Villa was ordered to shut its doors Wednesday after county health inspectors said they found multiple violations inside.
According to the inspection report, "too numerous to count live and dead cockroaches" were found in areas like the bakery and deli. Health inspectors said they found rat and mouse droppings in the corn tortilla shelving area and two watermelons with visible gnaw marks.
The report also said a sink had "no paper towels or hand soap available for use."
"It catches me a little off guard,” Tyler Getz said.
“It's definitely something I wasn't expecting because I do shop here a lot,” Serene Saudi said.
Health officials said the store must remain closed until all the issues are resolved and it is reinspected.
Customers FOX 5 spoke with said despite what they know now, they will be back when the doors reopen.
“Some people can get all skirmish about anything -- not me,” Connie Stern said. "I don't have any problem coming back here."
“Their food is fabulous. I've never gotten sick so I'll probably come back,” Tyler Getz said.
FOX 5 reached out to Pancho Villa but a manager could not be reached for comment.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NICE areas, Warnie!
Shane Warne did it all in their cricket career. They took 708 Test wickets, they won a World Cup, and they almost scored a Test century.
Over the weekend they added yet another feather to their already crowded sporting cap: the King of Spin sunk a hole-in-one at the 16th hole of the famous Augusta National Golf Club, which hosts the Masters Tournament annually.
At the Masters the par 3 16th is a 170-yard hole but Warne tweeted that they teed off from 155 yards.
“155 yards to a back right pin into the wind! Hit a 6 iron, one hop and in! Can't believe it,” Warne tweeted. “Was my first ever hole in one & what a place and pin to do it.”
To put the feat in perspective, there have only been 19 hole-in-ones at the 16th in the Masters' 83-year history, and 27 across the tournament's four par 3s.
The rare round at Augusta is a part of Warne's cross-country golf tour of the United States.
"Every game's a must-win from here on out."
Lions quarterback Jonathon Jennings showed signs of life in the loss to Hamilton after a dismal performance against the Calgary Stampeders the previous week, but an offence that was supposed to light up the scoreboard has still yet to find its rhythm for a club that has lost two straight and five of its last six.
"It's been a tough season for all of us," said Jennings, who has just six touchdown passes and an ugly 12 interceptions. "It hurts to lose, especially with all the expectations we have for ourselves.
"But we know it's not over. We know our chances aren't lost."
Wide receiver Chris Williams, who signed with B.C. following two outstanding seasons in Ottawa, said the Lions' biggest problem has been a lack of execution in key moments.
"We've just got to go out there and make plays when the opportunities are given," said Williams. "There's going to be some opportunities out there. We've got to sting them. We've got to make it count."
The Redblacks, meanwhile, sit second in the East after two straight losses — including last week's 18-17 home defeat to Saskatchewan — but should have star quarterback Trevor Harris, who suffered a separated throwing shoulder on Sept. 9, under centre at B.C. Place Stadium.
Last season's Grey Cup champions, seven of the Redblacks' nine losses have been a combined 17 points in what has also been a frustrating 2017.
"You play football to play football, not to watch it or be on the (injured reserve)," Harris told reporters in Ottawa before the team flew west. "Even just missing three weeks is something that's an eye-opener."
The Redblacks beat the Lions 31-24 in the nation's capital back on Aug. 26. The visitors trailed 31-3 in the fourth quarter before a frantic comeback attempt fell short after quarterback Travis Lulay replaced an ineffective Jennings.
But Lulay suffered a torn ACL in their right knee two weeks later, thrusting Jennings back into the starting role.
Despite their struggles, Buono said the third-year pivot still has a chance to save both theirs and the Lions' season.
It just has to start now.
"Athletes thrive on success," said Buono. "When success doesn't happen, everybody's confidence starts to wane. It's what your foundation is, it's what your beliefs are, it's what your support system is that helps you to get through it.
"At the end of it you've got to pick yourself up. Nobody's going to help you."
---
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
The technology company provides a financial suite that covers an organization's financial requirements wherein the financial team will benefit in key area of operations.
[SINGAPORE, 7/2/2018] – Unit 4 Asia Pacific offers a financial suite that covers the entire core financial management requirements of an organisation. The financial suite has a real-time ledger providing unmatched support and full functionality.
Key Areas Financial Team will Benefit with
According to Unit4 Asia Pacific, organizations with Unit4 Financials can benefit in major areas, namely accounting, budgeting, spend management, reporting and analysis and process and control automation .
Under accounting, the company's original single-ledger and global accounting solution, also works with even the most complex or diverse enterprise requirements.
Furthermore, Unit4 Financials has the combination of financial modeling flexibility and a standard spreadsheet familiarity and convenience. This will help streamline the seeding, fine-tuning, preparation and production of budgets.
An organisation can harness its full buying power with Unit4 Financials because of its end-to-end spend management. With this, businesses can establish controls and consolidate purchasing activity.
Unit4 Financials also helps with reporting and analysis. The financial suite serves as the base of a robust, flexible information model.
Organisations will also benefit from process and control automation. The company elaborates that an integrated workflow and a robust control management framework binds other systems, authorisations and manual processes into one visible and auditable process flow.
Other areas where organisations can benefit from include integration and web services, interoperability and multi-platform and multi-language.
How Unit4 Financials Work
Unit4 Asia Pacific explains that Unit4 Financials gives real-time financial visibility and control across the organisation's people, IT systems and processes.
The company adds that Unit4 Financials relies on streamlining the ways that an organisation gets data into the system as well as enhancing the value of the intelligence that comes out so it can take action.
Businesses can request for a solution demo from Unit4 Asia Pacific so they can take a look at how the solution works.
About Unit4 Asia Pacific
Unit4 Asia Pacific provides enterprise solutions. The company has been in the industry since the early 1980s providing software systems to meet a wide range of industries, including education, professional services, not-for-profit, real estate, and more.
Get in touch with Unit4 APAC Headquarters in Singapore by visiting https://www.unit4.com or by calling +(65) 6333 6133.
According to officials, at approximately 10:30 a.m. Saturday authorities located 16-year-oldÂ Amy Yu and Kevin Esterly,Â 45 in Playa del Carmen, Quintana Roo, Mexico
(AP) - Multiple chances were missed to save a 3-year-old Wichita boy before they were found encased in concrete, a former Kansas welfare official said.
Dianne Keech, the Department of Children and Families deputy director from 2013 to 2015, said the "point of no return" was when the agency failed to call 911 last April after receiving a report that Evan Brewer had hit their head while taking a bath and "had no pulse" before being revived, The Wichita Eagle reported.
The person making the report said Evan and their mother, Miranda Miller, were domestic violence victims and that someone would "take life from them" before "bringing them back." Their mother's live-in boyfriend, Stephen Bodine, allegedly bragged about choking Evan and their mother and strangling the boy until they became unconscious, according to records that Keech reviewed after they were released earlier this month.
Keech said that instead of calling 911 and flagging the report to administrators as a "critical incident," it was placed on hold for six days. The case was closed April 28, records show. Evan's body was found in September, and Miller and Bodine are charged with murder.
"If they don't do the right thing there," Keech said, "it seals their doom. They never recovered from that point on."
Evan is the paternal grandson of former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer, a Democratic candidate for governor this year. Evan had been the subject of a custody battle for months between their mother and father, Carlo Brewer, who had contacted state officials and local police over the welfare of their son. Too often, DCF took the word of the 3-year-old's mother that they were OK, said Keech, who served on the state Child Death Review Board during part of their DCF tenure and now works as a child-protection consultant.
Keech counted six separate reports of abuse that the agency received from July 21, 2016, to May 14, 2017, before Evan's death. Them analysis shows the agency failed to adequately address all safety and risk concerns with five of the six reports. They also found that DCF failed to collect all relevant information in at least four of the six reports.
"This is not Monday-morning quarterbacking," Keech said. "This is how cases should be handled in the moment. I am reviewing this case based on investigative procedures that used to be standard for the agency."
Shayla Johnston, a Brewer family spokesperson and attorney, agrees with Keech that DCF failed. With anyone who looks at Evan's case, Johnston said, "you can agree that bureaucracy killed Evan."
DCF spokesperson Theresa Freed said the agency could not comment on the case.
"Given the Brewer family's stated desire to pursue litigation against the Kansas Department for Children and Families, we are not in a position to address each point alleged," they said in an email.
(Editor's note: This is the third installment of a three-part story about the history of Sugar Land. The first part looked at early settlement to the rise of the company town in 1907. Part two covered the company town years from 1907 to 1959. This third part looks at the city from incorporation to current times. This is part of a series appearing quarterly in the Fort Bend Star called Those Were the Days. The series runs in each month with a fifth Wednesday.)
The old company town was no more.
In its place was the incorporated City of Sugar Land. The switch was made in 1959 and T.E. Harman was elected the first mayor. Although Sugar Land can trace its roots to the first plantations built here as far back as 1828, incorporation didn't happen until late in 1959. Like any new municipality, the city had its share of growing pains over the last 59 years.
According to the book “Images of America: Sugar Land,” the first election for mayor and city aldermen was held Dec. 15, 1959, with the new leaders sworn in on Dec. 29. The first city council meeting took place Jan. 19, 1960. At the time, Sugar Land was four square miles with a population of 2,500.
“The brand-new city had no staff, no equipment, no permanent home, and no money,” the book says.
Joining Mayor Harmon were aldermen Melvin Pomikal, Bill Little, Minnie Ulrich, Jess Pirtle and C.E. McFadden.
Imperial Sugar – which started the city on the path to incorporation – continued to aid in the transition and provided an old shoe store on Kempner Street to serve as a city hall.
In their book “Sugar Land, Texas and the Imperial Sugar Company” author R.M. Armstrong details the line of succession of the Kempner family in its control of Imperial Sugar and Sugarland Industries. Along the way Armstrong describes the family's commitment to helping Sugar Land grow as a quality community.
“When, in the late1960s, the Southwest Freeway reached toward the center of the Sugarland Industries farm lands and across the edge of Sugar Land itself, the process accelerated. The Kempners, led by Harris and Denny, anticipating even more explosive activity from the growing Houston economy, made plans to control the quality for the impending growth in residential and commercial development of the Sugarland Industries remaining 8,700 acres of farm lands,” they wrote.
Impressed by Jake Kamin's development of Nassau Bay to serve the new NASA space center, they struck a deal with them to help develop 1,200 acres of land into Sugar Creek, including a 27-hole golf course.
With Sugar Creek becoming wildly successful and the rest of Sugar Land slowly upgrading housing and businesses, the last vestiges of the company town gave way to master planned communities and rapid growth.
“In early 1972 the Kempners made the decision to enter into a program of complete and final liquidation of the Sugarland Industries within 12 months,” Armstrong wrote.
The family put the remaining 7,500 acres up for bids and sold to Gerald Hines Interests. The $43 million sale was at the time the largest land sale in state history.
Hines overcame obstacles of flood control and drainage and eventually built the Sweetwater Country Club (then home to the Ladies Professional Golf Association) and in 1978 began First Colony and its various subdivisions.
The growth of the city meant changes in city government. According to the City of Sugar Land's website, “Sugar Land was incorporated in 1959 as a ‘General Law' city and remained such from 1959 until Jan. 17, 1981, at which time a special city election was held for the purpose of establishing a home rule municipal government. Voters approved the adoption of a home rule charter in accordance with the constitution and statutes of the state of Texas. The type of municipal government provided by this charter was known as ‘mayor-council government,' and all powers of the city were invested in a council composed of a mayor and five councilmen.”
That lasted five years until a charter-mandated review committee proposed another change in government.
“A special city election was held Aug. 9, 1986, to submit the proposed changes to the electorate for consideration. By a majority of the voters, amendments to the charter were approved which provided for a change in the city's form of government from that of ‘mayor-council' (strong mayor) to that of a ‘council-manager' form of government which provides that the city manager be the chief administrative officer of the city,” according to the city's website.
“Approval of this amendment provided for the mayor to become a voting member of council, in addition to performing duties as presiding officer of the council. An amendment on May 5, 1990, changed the composition of the City Council to a mayor, four council members to be elected by single-member districts and two council members by at-large position. This composition remains in effect today with term limits of eight consecutive years.”
Utilizing master-planned communities and annexations, Sugar Land has grown significantly in population and diversity. The U.S. Census put Sugar Land's population in 1950 at 2,285. By 1990 that number had increased to 24,529. With the annexation of Greatwood and New Territory in 2017, Sugar Land's population crossed the 100,000 mark at an estimated 117,869.
In 2010, the city's racial make-up was 52 percent white, 35.3 percent Asian, 10.6 percent Hispanic, 7.4 percent black, and the rest being other races or mixed races.
Most of the city's growth has been to the south and west of the original city with much of the development sprouting along the Southwest Freeway corridor. First Colony played a major role in that growth, opening First Colony Mall in 1996 and seven years later Sugar Land Town Square, which is home to City Hall, Minute Maid, Coca-Cola, and the 300-room Marriott Hotel.
Sugar Land also boasts three large hospitals – Houston Methodist Sugar Land, Memorial Hermann Sugar Land, and CHI St. Luke's.
As of 2015, the city's top five employers are the Fort Bend Independent School District (established in 1959 with the merger of Sugar Land and Missouri City ISDs), Schlumberger, Houston Methodist Sugar Land Hospital, Fluor, and United Healthcare. Ironically, the industry that birthed Sugar Land, the Imperial Sugar Company, closed its refinery and distribution center in 2003. Today Johnson Development is redeveloping the site as Imperial Market, an entertainment-centric destination center that is expected to include upscale retail and restaurant space, class A office space, a luxury residential complex and a high-end boutique hotel. It currently houses the Fort Bend Children's Discovery Center and Sugar Land Heritage Museum and Visitor Center.
In 2012, Sugar Land opened Constellation Field, a minor league baseball park that is home to the Sugar Land Skeeters. The team is part of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball and in 2016 won the league championship.
In 2017, the 6,400-seat Smart Financial Centre, an indoor concert hall, opened with two performances by comedian Jerry Seinfeld. The venue is located near the campus of the University of Houston at Sugar Land, which is also home to a branch of Wharton County Junior College.
In 1990, Sugar Land purchased a private airport that was founded as Hull Field, renamed Sugar Land Municipal Airport and later Sugar land Regional Airport. A 20,000-square-foot terminal and a 60-acre general aviation complex opened in 2006. It services many of the oil and gas companies located in and around Sugar Land and southwest Houston.
Promoting itself as a destination city, Sugar Land continues to grow and provide new development and opportunities for residents and visitors alike. The University of Houston is currently constructing a new building on its campus and the city is in the process of approving a new development in the Telfair area around the university and the Smart Financial Centre. The Imperial Market and the area around Constellation Field are surging with growth and the major highways in and around the city are being widened yet again to accommodate the rapid growth of the area.
Sugar Land Mayors
There have been 10 mayors in Sugar Land's history:
T.E. Harman (1959-1961 and 1964-1968)
Bill Little (1961-1964)
C.E. McFadden (1968-1972)
Roy Cordes Sr. (1972-1981)
Walter McMeans (1981-1986)
Lee Duggan (1986-1996)
Dean A. Hrbacek (1996-2002)
David G. Wallace (2002-2008)
James A. Thompson (2008-2016)
Joe. R. Zimmerman (2016-present)
Historical population
Year ­– Population
1950 – 2,285
1960 – 2,802
1970 – 3,318
1980 – 8,826
1990 – 24,529
2000 – 63,328
2010 – 78,817
2018 – 117,869
TAMARAC, Fla. (AP) - Florida deputies say a man meant to kill themselves -- and accidentally killed their roommate and their dog as well -- by running their car in their garage.
Broward Sheriff's spokesperson Gina Carter told reporters that the first man was found dead with a suicide note in the garage Wednesday morning. They found the bodies of their roommate and dog inside the townhome in Tamarac, also apparently killed by carbon monoxide fumes from the car.
Carter said the deaths of the second man and the dog appeared to be an accident. The men's names have not been released.
Firefighters evacuated the connecting townhomes, but no one else required treatment.
Lori Taylor, a Texas A&M University professor, answers questions about a report on costs in the Kansas public school system during a legislative committee meeting, Monday, March 19, 2018, at the Statehouse in Topeka, Kan. The report says improving Kansas public schools could cost up to $2 billion more a year, though Taylor and their co-author say the level of spending would depend upon how ambitious the state is in setting its goals (AP Photo/John Hanna)
Lori Taylor, a Texas A&M University professor, answers questions about a report on costs in the Kansas public school system during a legislative committee meeting, Monday, March 19, 2018, at the Statehouse in Topeka, Kan. The report says improving Kansas public schools could cost up to $2 billion more a year, though Taylor and their co-author say the level of spending would depend upon how ambitious the state is in setting its goals (AP Photo/John Hanna)
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) - Kansas lawmakers suffering sticker shock over a report saying that improving the state's public schools could cost an additional $2 billion a year began Monday to consider setting less ambitious educational goals than the ones that led to the big price tag.
The out-of-state consultants behind last week's study provided new, lower estimates tied to more modest goals for improving the state's high school graduation rate and students' performance on standardized tests. Some Republican lawmakers who were stunned by last week's report appeared less anxious after the consultants testified during a committee meeting Monday.
Legislators are facing a Kansas Supreme Court mandate to increase spending on public schools after it ruled in October that the current education funding isn't sufficient under the state constitution. GOP leaders commissioned the consultants' report, with some Republicans hoping it would show that the state already was spending close to enough money.
Instead, the report released Friday came with a potentially big price tag: a 44 percent increase in school districts' more than $4 billion a year in operating funds. But the cost was tied to increasing the statewide graduation rate from 86 percent to 95 percent and vastly improving student scores on standardized tests, and legislative lawyers suggested the goal was to hit both targets by 2022.
The consultants, Texas A&M University professor Lori Taylor and Jason Willis, a director at the San Francisco-based nonprofit education research agency WestEd, said the state could take a decade or longer to hit those goals. Or, they said, the state could set other targets, such as a graduation rate of 90 percent or 92 percent.
"It's time for that really broad discussion of: 'What is it that we want to have?'" said state Sen. Molly Baumgardner, a conservative Louisburg Republican and chairperson of a special Senate school funding committee. "What are realistic outcomes for us?"
For example, the consultants said, setting the target graduation rate at 92 percent could cost the state as little as $228 million more a year, depending on how ambitious it was about improving students' test scores.
Baumgardner's committee and a House school funding panel met together for more than two hours Monday to review the consultants' report and question them. Senate Majority Leader Jim Denning, a conservative Kansas City-area Republican, said the big potential costs resulted from "lofty" goals and questioned whether the state should "chase" a 95 percent graduation rate.
Hitting the goal would give Kansas the highest graduation rate in the nation. State officials promised the federal government last year that it would hit the mark - but by 2030.
The state Supreme Court also is concerned with how well students perform. Four local school districts sued the state over education funding in 2010, and the justices have ruled that legislators are failing to finance a suitable education for every child. The court has said one of its biggest concerns is helping to underperform students.
"People will always talk about how much we want to do until we get the bill," said Kansas Association of School Boards lobbyist Mark Tallman.
Senate Minority Leader Anthony Hensley, a Topeka Democrat, said as they left the meeting that they believe lawmakers could satisfy the court by phasing in a $300 million increase in funding over a few years and committing to future increases to keep up with inflation.
But Senate President Susan Wagle, a conservative Wichita Republican, still predicted after the meeting that the state could need a big tax increase to satisfy the court's demands. They issued a statement far more pessimistic than comments even from other Republicans.
"The bottom line is that Kansans cannot afford what the court is demanding, and we cannot afford what the new study is recommending," Wagle said.
___
Follow John Hanna on Twitter: https://twitter.com/apjdhanna
A 42-year-old Hamilton man is facing a stunt driving charge after being caught allegedly driving a motorcycle more than 160 kilometres an hour in Caledonia.
Haldimand County OPP say an officer patrolling McClung Road, near Unity Side Road shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday spotted the southbound motorcycle going more than double the posted 80 km/h speed limit.
The OPP officers stopped the vehicle and charged the driver.
Jason Jones of Hamilton, is charged with racing under the Highway Traffic Act.  They are scheduled to appear in Cayuga court at a later date.
What a heroic effort from Zarco as they push their bike over the line!
They still finished in the points pic.twitter.com/05mFvPO0F6
The father of a popular Five Towns DJ kicked off an emotional football match staged in their son's memory.
Around 200 people turned out to Saturday's game, held in honour of Kev Woodhead, who died last month following a fall.
Photographer: Andrew Bellis. Picture ref: AB013h0118
A one minute's applause was held for the disc-jockey, fondly known as Little Kev, beforehand.
And Kev's father Harry was presented with a captain's armband bearing their son's name, before getting the game underway.
The match, organised by Kellingley Welfare FC, raised money to “give Kev the send-off they truly deserve for all the joy they brought”.
It saw current players go head-to-head with former squad members, who played during a 12-year stint when Kev was involved in the club as a staff member and ‘water lad'.
I can't thank everyone who contributed enough. Kev's dad Harry and all their family were lost for words John Wilson, Kellingley Welfare chairperson
Chairman of Kellingley Welfare John Wilson said: “It was a fantastic day. With all contributions from the match from spectators and afterwards in the club, we raised a massive £1,130
“There was a lot of love on the day for a lovely man and great friend.
“Fifty players took part from Kev's old sides and today's Kellingley Welfare.
“I can't thank everyone who contributed enough. Kev's dad Harry and all their family were lost for words.”
Mr. Woodhead (Kev's father) is given a captain's armband bearing their son's name before the kick off. Photographer: Andrew Bellis . Picture ref: AB013c0118
Knottingley-born Kev, who died aged 57, worked as a mobile DJ travelling to venues across the Five Towns putting on discos, with their dad as their roadie.
They later became a resident DJ at Pontefract's The Elephant Hotel, and throughout their life, was an avid fan of Castleford Tigers.
Adele Holtom, Kev's second cousin, said: “The match was fantastic. There must have been a good 200 people turn out.
“We all went for a drink in Kellingley club after and it felt like it did years ago at carnival. The landlord had to call in extra bar staff. It was such a good atmosphere.”
Picture ref: AB013a0118
A minute's silence was also held in memory of Kev at police-run community sports sessions for children in Knottingley on Sunday.
Two online fundraising pages have also been set up to help cover funeral costs and have so far raised nearly £2,000.
PEP GUARDIOLA'S PREDICTION of a “complicated” trip to Burnley proved to be correct, as the Clarets made the most of Manchester City's wastefulness to snatch a 1-1 draw on Saturday.
Despite their profligacy, City had looked on course for a battling win, until Johann Gudmundsson popped up in the 83rd minute to snatch a point.
City boss Guardiola was forced to shrug off claims from Manchester United counterpart Jose Mourinho that the destination of the Premier League title is already certain, with the leaders enjoying a 15-point cushion at the top.
That advantage was 16 points by the full-time whistle at Turf Moor, and City are just eight wins away from securing a third title, although they were reminded of the league's many hazards by Sean Dyche's obdurate outfit.
The Burnley backline could do nothing to stop Danilo's long-distance rocket midway through the first half, but City's failure to add to their tally left the game on a knife-edge, with Raheem Sterling guilty of two shocking close-range misses.
After Aaron Lennon's fierce shot was tipped onto the post by Ederson, Burnley kept at it and Gudmundsson kept their cool to deny them a win.
Danilo gave Man City a first half lead on Saturday. Source: EMPICS Sport
Guardiola had rightful gripes about rough treatment in recent matches against Cardiff and West Brom, but the first 15 minutes were notable for returning captain Vincent Kompany dishing out the pain, with Ashley Barnes, Sam Vokes and Nick Pope all coming a cropper in challenges with the Belgian.
The goalkeeper came to harm while they and Kompany were caught between a deflected cross as City began to gain a foothold in the contest, but the opener came in much more aesthetically pleasing circumstances.
With Burnley caught deep in their box preparing for a corner, the ball was worked through Bernardo Silva to Danilo 25 yards out and the Brazilian full-back had ample room to pick out the top-right corner with a scorching shot.
Guardiola's side could not press home the advantage, however, and Mee twice went close to an equaliser, first drawing a sharp save out of Ederson as City looked for an offside flag and then heading wide from a corner.
Kevin De Bruyne had regular room to roam in the middle and stung Pope's hands after one such charge five minutes before the interval and Sergio Aguero could not make the most of similar freedom in first-half stoppage time.
Source: Richard Sellers
Sterling's shaky second half began when they spooned wide from Aguero's surprise cut-back and the same corner routine that led to the goal was attempted, but Pope was equal to Danilo's effort this time.
Burnley were almost rewarded for clinging on when Lennon found space on the right, only for Ederson to tip their lashed effort onto the woodwork but City ought to have put the game to bed in the 71st minute when De Bruyne dissected the right channel for Kyle Walker, whose whipped ball begged to be scored, only for Sterling to scuff off-target from barely a yard.
Sterling furiously thumped the turf, but Guardiola's anger was more decisive and the England attacker was soon hauled off.
If City thought they had ridden out the storm, Burnley's next attack rocked them, Matt Lowton's deep cross catching out a high line, which Gudmundsson ghosted behind to prod home and deny City a Premier League win for just the fourth time this season.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cycling golden couple Jason and Laura Kenny made a Valentine's Day announcement that they are expecting their first child.
The Olympic duo - who live in Chelford - sparked fevered speculation that they're expecting the the pitter patter of tiny feet with an adorable Instagram post yesterday (February 14).
The picture - of two adult and a child's bike - was accompanied by a simple heart in the caption.
And now the couple's agent, Luke Lloyd-Daves, has confirmed the exciting news.
They said: “I can confirm that Laura Kenny is indeed pregnant and that she, Jason and their respective families are absolutely thrilled and delighted with the news.”
In another post, 24-year-old Laura shared a picture of their dogs – revealing what they're thinking about the new addition to the family.
“Yay! Means I can wake up even earlier,” one said.
“Nooo! I need sleep!” another added.
This was followed by a picture of a tiny pair of baby trainers – using their passport for scale.
Hubby Jason , 28, made a light-hearted nod to the news in a message to their wife on Twitter.
Alongside a cartoon picture of a flyer on pregnancy captioned So You've Ruined Your Life, they wrote: "I wondered why this leaflet came through the post."
The couple, who married in September in a private ceremony at St Alban's Catholic Church in Macclesfield, went public with the news following their 12-week scan.
Laura has previously spoken of wanting to start a family with Jason, but that they said the plan was to wait until after the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
"We would love to have kids obviously but when that will happen I don't know," revealed Laura on Good Morning Britain.
"I think it would be very hard to juggle a cycling career with children to be honest."
Laura is a four-time Olympic champion for Team GB, while Jason has six Olympic track sprint gold medals to their name.
Christmas is almost upon us and the sales are starting already. That means you can save big on great tech pressies for loved ones: especially if they want an Amazon Echo device.
Amazon is now offering its bestselling Amazon Echo Dot for just £34.99 - £15 off the usual price.
The Amazon Echo family of devices has rapidly evolved into the centre of the smart home, not only letting you ask questions of the Alexa personal assistant that lurks within, but play music, quiz your calendar, turn on your lights, check the fuel in your BMW and a whole lot more.
And the Echo Dot is a great way to add Alexa's skills to an existing hi-fi setup, or to use in other rooms around the house if you already have a larger Amazon Echo speaker solution, so you can bark commands from your bed and get Alexa to respond.
The Amazon Echo has forged a new category of device, beating the likes of Google, Microsoft and Apple into this connected space, and offering a device that's not only convenient, but a lot of fun too, because it's so simple to use.
Active & Modified Atmospheric Packaging Market Report by Material Type ( Polyethylene, Polyvinyl Chloride, Polypropylene, Polyamide, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Ethylene Vinyl Alcohol (EVOH), Ethylene Vinyl Acetate (EVA)) by End User( Meat Producers, Fruits and Vegetable Producers, Processed Food Producers) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026
This report studies the Active & Modified Atmospheric Packaging Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Active & Modified Atmospheric Packaging Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Active & Modified Atmospheric Packaging (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Active & Modified Atmospheric Packaging Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/active-modified-atmospheric-packaging-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Active & Modified Atmospheric Packaging Market: Material Type
• Polyethylene
• Polyvinyl Chloride
• Polypropylene
• Polyamide
• Polyethylene Terephthalate
• Ethylene Vinyl Alcohol (EVOH)
• Ethylene Vinyl Acetate (EVA)
Active & Modified Atmospheric Packaging Market: End User
• Meat Producers
• Fruits and Vegetable Producers
• Processed Food Producers
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/active-modified-atmospheric-packaging-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
President Donald Trump criticized Merck Pharma's Kenneth Frazier after the pharmaceutical executive resigned from Trump's American Manufacturing Council in protest of their response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday.
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” Trump wrote on Twitter.
advertisement
Frazier resigned from the council, citing their disappointment with Trump's response after an alt-right rally erupted in violence in Charlottesville.
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Frazier said in a statement. “As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
Frazier's decision earned rave reviews from Trump's critics, including former National Security Advisor for President Barack Obama Susan Rice.
“Thanks for standing strong for principle, Ken,” they wrote on Twitter.
By The Associated Press
Seattle 0 0 10 14—24 Jacksonville 3 0 21 6—30 First Quarter
Jac_FG Lambo 38, 6:26.
Third Quarter
Jac_Westbrook 18 pass from Bortles (Lambo kick), 12:02.
Sea_FG Walsh 28, 8:30.
Sea_Baldwin 26 pass from R.Wilson (Walsh kick), 7:32.
Jac_Cole 75 pass from Bortles (Lambo kick), 7:21.
Jac_Fournette 1 run (Lambo kick), 5:37.
Fourth Quarter
Jac_FG Lambo 51, 10:04.
Sea_P.Richardson 61 pass from R.Wilson (Walsh kick), 9:48.
Jac_FG Lambo 32, 4:05.
Sea_Lockett 74 pass from R.Wilson (Walsh kick), 3:42.
A_64,431.
___
Sea Jac First downs 17 19 Total Net Yards 401 425 Rushes-yards 24-141 38-157 Passing 260 268 Punt Returns 3-5 3-72 Kickoff Returns 6-101 3-57 Interceptions Ret. 0-0 3-0 Comp-Att-Int 17-31-3 18-27-0 Sacked-Yards Lost 2-11 0-0 Punts 4-45.3 5-38.8 Fumbles-Lost 0-0 1-1 Penalties-Yards 6-73 7-48 Time of Possession 26:59 33:01
___
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING_Seattle, M.Davis 15-66, R.Wilson 5-50, McKissic 3-15, Lockett 1-10. Jacksonville, Fournette 24-101, Ivory 6-48, Yeldon 2-9, Bortles 6-(minus 1).
PASSING_Seattle, R.Wilson 17-31-3-271. Jacksonville, Bortles 18-27-0-268.
RECEIVING_Seattle, McKissic 5-20, Lockett 4-90, Baldwin 3-78, P.Richardson 3-72, Willson 1-12, M.Davis 1-(minus 1). Jacksonville, Westbrook 5-81, Lee 5-65, Fournette 4-18, Cole 3-99, Pinkard 1-5.
MISSED FIELD GOALS_Seattle, Walsh 38.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Has your young child ever asked you a question you just can't answer? You're not alone - nearly half of parents admit they often struggle to answer their youngster's tricky questions.
So what's the solution? Around 50% of parents confess to turning to the internet in the hope of finding an answer, while a third just make it up. The survey, by Argos' Chad Valley Toys, found children under six ask an average 73 questions a day - meaning a lot of Googling and on-the-spot answers for mums and dads!
Child psychologist Dr Sam Wass, from Channel 4's The Secret Life Of 4/5/6 Year Olds, says: "As children grow up, it's natural to be curious about the world around them, and as parents, it's easy to forget just how much of our children's knowledge comes from what we tell them.
"Using educational and visual aids, such as toys, can help soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects," they advise. "Familiar items can often help children's understanding."
To help parents withstand the daily question onslaught a little more easily, Dr Wass has come up with some handy replies for some of the toughest queries.
Here's how to answer nine of the most challenging kids' questions...
1. Is Father Christmas real?
On this question, you're often playing catch-up to what they've heard in the playground. "So much of childhood is losing its innocence, so we try to keep hold of what we can," says Dr Wass.
Ask them what they think, and if they suggest reasons Father Christmas is or isn't real, discuss these with them - and perhaps ask how mummy and daddy could possibly afford all their presents if Father Christmas didn't provide them.
2. Why do people die?
It can be tempting to soften the truth about death with a child. But telling them something like, 'Granny went to sleep', can backfire and cause more confusion later.
Often, grasping death in the context of nature can help: Compare a person's life to a tree's leaves, which bloom in the spring, then change colour and eventually die in the autumn. Or through animals dying, which for many children is their first experience of death.
If someone close dies, perhaps say something like: 'Granny was very old and sick. They don't talk or eat or breathe any more, and we won't see them again. But the love we had for them will stay with us forever.'
3. Where did I come from?
For many children, 'from mummy's tummy' is an answer that satisfies them for years.
If they ask, 'How did I get into mummy's tummy?', go for something like: 'Daddy has seeds inside them called sperm. Mummy has eggs inside them instead. When grown-ups make a baby, the sperm from daddy needs to get to mummy's womb, so one can join up with the egg and fertilise it. That's the start of a new baby.'
4. What is God?
Don't be afraid to tell your child what you, personally, believe is the answer. It can also help to explain that different people have very different opinions on whether God exists, and, if so, what God is like.
5. What does 'we can't afford it' mean?
The answer depends on the age of the child. For an older child, this can be an opportunity to discuss why some people have more money than others. But for a younger child, it might be better to teach about budgeting, and planning, their resources. Tell them everybody has to decide what they most want, and has to save their money for important things.
6. Why do I have to go to school?
If your child asks this question a lot, try to find out why. If they just ask once, say school helps them practise using their brain, and make them aware of what they can use their brain for. Remind your child that mummy and/or daddy also have to go to work, to use their brain and earn money.
7. When you die who will I live with?
Reassure your child that it's very unlikely you're going to die soon, but tell them what would happen to them if you did, and that they'd live with someone they loved and trusted.
8. Why is the sky blue?
You need to know a bit of basic science for this one: Light from the sun looks white, but it's made from all the colours of the rainbow. The light travels in waves of different lengths, which are reflected off tiny bits of dust and other very small particles in the earth's atmosphere. Because blue light waves are shorter, they're more likely to hit the dust and other particles, and get reflected down to earth, making the sky look blue.
9. Why can't I stay up as late as you?
My instinct would be to use this an opportunity to teach a child about sleep.
Explain that sleep lets our bodies and brains rest, and when we're asleep and lying flat, our bones can grow. Because adults have stopped growing, children need more sleep than them.
Plus, when we sleep, our brains tidy themselves up and reorganise what we've learned during the day.
Children are learning new things very fast. For example, the average child learns 10 new words a day. Adults don't learn so fast, because they already know their words.
In celebration of Independence Day, find the 54 most important protest songs ever created. A list of the greatest political songs ever produced by some of the musics most talented artists. Includes a powerful playlist of songs about freedom, equality and justice for all people.
St. Louis, MO-IL – Many believe that the right to protest is what makes America one of the greatest nations in the world. Although there are many ways to protest, history books often cite rallies, demonstrations and marches. But what about music?
Protest songs and great American political music artists have always been part of American culture. The United States National Anthem itself is a direct protest against British rule, and for many in this nation, the 4th of July celebrates independence from that rule. But for some, the holiday represents a time of conflict and subjugation for Indigenous and African-Americans. Protest music, or better yet freedom music, arose out of that very sentiment. Jazz music, which evolved from Negro slave spirituals, pushed against the grain of classical music. And as American music continued to develop new sounds, several musicians implemented social issues and activism in their music.
In the 1960's, protest music provided the soundtrack to a tumultuous era. Now, in 2018, popular music has gone in many directions, but protest music remains alive and well. Protest music reminds us of the progress we still need and can make.
This is what inspired jazz fusion artist Rafa Selase to compile a list of what they call the 54 top protest songs ever produced. Among this list of musical greats are some of the most legendary artists not only America has known, but who have also made it onto the world stage. The compilation includes a variety of legends such as Lauryn Hill, Bob Marley, Lee Greenwood, Hugh Masekela, Patti Griffin and Marvin Gaye. It is a not only a celebration of music, but an acknowledgment of the magical contributions to equality, peace and oppression that artist have committed.
In addition to the list, Selase created a Spotify playlist titled, “Protest Songs: Songs About Freedom”
http://www.RafaSelase.com
Aftermath of intrusion still causing anxiety for Langley teen
When Langley City resident Judy heard their daughter Emma scream, they thought the 17-year-old had seen a spider.
Then they heard Emma yelling, “get out, get out!”
The teen was yelling at a man who was trying to climb in through their second-storey bedroom window.
It was shortly after 11 p.m.
The casement window was open because it was a warm night and Emma's south-facing bedroom is the hottest room in the Langley City house.
“It was a couple of days after school was out for the summer and was one of those super hot nights, so upstairs windows were open as we don't have a/c,” said Judy, who asked that their last name and the real name of their daughter not be published.
Them husband came running in time to see the man jumping over the back fence into neighbouring yards and across another fence before sprinting out to the road toward a nearby park.
RCMP arrived in minutes.
“The police were absolutely excellent,” Judy said.
“They had the police dog here right away.”
The dog was able to follow the scent until it crossed into a heavy foot traffic area in nearby Brydon Park.
One frustrated police officer told Judy that they wished they could turn themselves into a helicopter to look for the suspect.
That was in late June, shortly after school closed for the summer.
More than a month later, even with the assistance of victim services, the after-effects of the attempted break-in still have the 17-year-old rattled.
“I had just turned off the light,” Emma told the Times.
Then they saw a shadow move and realized a man was climbing in through their window.
They were in all black or dark clothing and had their hoodie pulled up over theirs face.
“I was so scared I could barely move,” Emma said.
Then they started yelling and the man fled.
At first, they thought they were fine.
They spent the weekend with their grandparents, then came home and immediately suffered an anxiety attack, re-living the feeling of going into shock when they saw a shadow and realized someone was in their room.
“I went into panic mode,” Emma said.
“I started freaking out. I was screaming and carrying on.”
When they couldn't shake it, their father and grandfather took them to the hospital ER.
Sitting in the waiting room at the hospital, the anxiety continued until someone found them a quiet room where they could sit with them back to the wall.
After about three hours, Emma was able to go home.
“I slept with the lights on for at least a week,” they said.
“If I was home alone, I would have to have the wall behind me. I felt like I had to lock the windows and keep the lights on.”
These days, she's OK, they said, but there will be moments where the fear comes flashing back.
“It's a come-and-go thing” Emma said.
“Most of the summer, I have been struggling with anxiety.”
The family has taken steps to make a repeat invasion through a window impossible.
They decided to tell their story after the Langley RCMP issued a public warning about burglars gaining entrance through unlocked windows.
“Even though it is unbearably hot during the night, residents are cautioned to consider home security,” said Langley RCMP Cpl. Holly Largy.
“If you are going to leave a window open … you should employ some kind of security brace and only leave the window open a couple inches.”
Police suggest residents ‘make the rounds' before going to bed each night:
Have you taken valuables and garage door openers out of your car?
Is your car parked in the driveway or garage and is it locked?
Are the doors to the house locked?
Are windows braced or closed and locked on the main level?
Consider making yourself a security checklist to keep your property and family safe, they advise.
There have been a number of complaints of screens having been removed or cut from ground floor windows in the Langley City area.
Earlier this month, a house in Murrayville was robbed while the owners were sleeping. A laptop, wallet and cash were taken.
It appeared the suspects gained entry through the home office window and nothing was heard likely due to fans and air conditioning units.
RELATED STORY: New mail theft warning issued by Langley RCMP
RELATED STORY: Fake tax collector scam resurfaces in Langley
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Study on Aerosol Propellants Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Aerosol Propellants Market by application (automotive & industrial, household, personal care, foods, and paints, medical) product type (dme, hydrocarbons, nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Aerosol Propellants over the period of 2017 to 2023. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Aerosol Propellants Market which includes company profiling of ArkemaGroup ,Aveflor A.S., Honeywell, Emirates Gas LLC, GrilloWerke AG, Jiutai Energy Group , Aeropres Corporation, Royal Dutch Shell PLC , Akzo Nobel N.V. , and BOC. According to report the global aerosol propellants market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.5% over the forecast period of 2017 – 2023.
Segments Covered
The report on global aerosol propellants market covers segments such as application, and product type. The application segments include automotive & industrial, household, personal care, foods, paints, medical, and others. On the basis of product type the global aerosol propellants market is categorized into dme, hydrocarbons, nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide, and others.
Get Sample copy of this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/910
Geographic Coverage
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023. The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017 – 2023.
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global aerosol propellants market such as, ArkemaGroup ,Aveflor A.S., Honeywell, Emirates Gas LLC, GrilloWerke AG, Jiutai Energy Group , Aeropres Corporation, Royal Dutch Shell PLC , Akzo Nobel N.V. , and BOC.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global aerosol propellants market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of aerosol propellants market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the aerosol propellants market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the aerosol propellants market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Browse Detailed Description and Company Mentioned in this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/chemical_material/global_aerosol_propellants_market
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Aerosol Propellants Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.2.4 Challenges
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the global aerosol propellants market
4. Global Aerosol Propellants Market by Application 2017 – 2023
4.1 Automotive & Industrial
4.2 Household
4.3 Personal Care
4.4 Foods
4.5 Paints
4.6 Medical
4.7 Others
5. Global Aerosol Propellants Market by Product Type 2017 – 2023
5.1 DME
5.2 Hydrocarbons
5.3 Nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide
5.4 Others
6. Global Aerosol Propellants Market by Regions 2017 – 2023
6.1 North America
6.1.1 North America aerosol propellants market by Application
6.1.2 North America aerosol propellants market by Product Type
6.1.3 North America aerosol propellants market by Country
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Europe aerosol propellants market by Application
6.2.2 Europe aerosol propellants market by Product Type
6.2.3 Europe aerosol propellants market by Country
6.3 Asia-Pacific
6.3.1 Asia-Pacific aerosol propellants market by Application
6.3.2 Asia-Pacific aerosol propellants market by Product Type
6.3.3 Asia-Pacific aerosol propellants market by Country
6.4 RoW
6.4.1 RoW aerosol propellants market by Application
6.4.2 RoW aerosol propellants market by Product Type
6.4.3 RoW aerosol propellants market by Sub-region
7. Companies Covered
7.1 Arkema Group
7.2 Aveflor A.S.
7.3 Honeywell
7.4 Emirates Gas LLC
7.5 Grillo Werke AG
7.6 Jiutai Energy Group
7.7 Aeropres Corporation
7.8 Royal Dutch Shell PLC
7.9 Akzo Nobel N.V.
7.10 BOC
HAMILTON, New Zealand — South Africa, New Zealand, Fiji and Kenya topped their groups Saturday at the New Zealand leg of the World Rugby Sevens Series, staged for the first time in Hamilton.
The world champion South Africans, host New Zealand and Olympic champion Fiji all finished with unblemished 3-0 records from pool play while Kenya topped the tight Pool D with two wins and a draw.
England, Australia and Samoa also secured quarterfinal places with two wins from three games while Scotland edged Argentina for the other place in the top eight.
New Zealand needed a last-gasp try to Joe Ravouvou to snatch a 17-12 win over Argentina, semifinalists in Sydney last weekend, and to clinch top place in its pool. The win also cost Argentina a place in the Cup quarterfinals, sending Scotland through at its expense after Argentina's earlier shock loss to France.
On the morning of 19 December Ukrainians got up to learn about a momentous economic decision: the biggest Ukrainian bank, PrivatBank, had just been nationalised after its two owners used depositors' money to build a business empire and distributed the money among Jewish organisations in Europe. Why did it have to happen?
A look into the past. PrivatBank used to be Ukraine's largest bank with 20% of the banking sector and $53bn assets. Its history is quite unusual for the country's realities because it:
was one of the first private banks (formed in 1992);
was the first bank to introduce plastic cards and ATMs;
was the first Ukrainian financial institution to receive an international rating (Thomson BankWatch International Rating Agency, Fitch IBCA);
was the first Ukrainian bank to have opened its International Banking Unit in Cyprus in 1999;
introduced electronic banking in 2001;
received STP Excellence Award from Deutsche Bank in 2003.
In 2015, 12 Ukrainian banks lost their licenses, and 14 have been placed under temporary administration. That came after 17 banks had lost their licenses in 2014. Even in the times of the overall economic crisis in Ukraine when millions of people lost their deposits in other banks, PrivatBank continued to be the most trusted financial institution. But finally, the bank was nationalised, having been earlier accused by the National Bank of Ukraine of having a capital shortage of around $5.65bn.
Surprisingly, the bank's main stakeholder, Ihor Kolomoyskyi, the second richest person in Ukraine ,did not raise any objections to the government's move. In March 2014 Ihor Kolomoysky was nominated governor of the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast. In March 2015 Ukrainian Parliament wrested from them their controlling shareholding of the state-owned enterprise Ukrnafta. In response they ordered their private militia to storm the Ukrtransnafta's Kiev headquaters, calling the government action a ‘raider takeover' and blaming it on the president. In a few days the situation was solved, but it brought two Ukrainian oligarchs – President Petro Poroshenko and Ihor Kolomoyskyi – into conflict, while the country held its breath. After these events, Ihor Kolomomoyski stepped down as governor of the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast and left the country.
Ihor Kolomoysky is also well-known to European entrepreneurs. The French corporation Swissport accused Kolomoysky of illegal confiscation of its majority stake in its Ukraine subsidiary. Also, the Crimea authorities accused Kolomoyskyi of plundering the deposits of 200.000 Crimeans.
Ihor Kolomoysky and Gennady Bogolubov are a driving financial force of the European Jewish community. The former is the founding father of the European Jewish Parliament, the latter bragged at the international conference of Shluchim about their donations worth millions of euros to the Jewish community, money that probably belonged to the Ukraine depositors, and they even pleaded for more money requests from the audience (see video).
Gennady Bogolubov generosity during International Conference of Shluchim, bragging they donated millions to the Jewish community.
The “bad loans” share in the PrivatBank's portfolio was assessed at 97% by the regulator and at 80% by market participants. While 97% of PrivateBank corporate loans had gone to companies linked to its two owners and principal shareholders, Gennady Bogolubov and Igor Kolomoisky (they had over 90% of the shares), the bank was not quick in granting credit to ordinary citizens and small companies.
The bank's leadership has illegally transferred $2bn abroad as part of sham import contracts over the past two years alone. This did not prevent Poroshenko from pledging not to prosecute the bank's infamous owners. Kolomoyskyi is even rumoured to have their losses compensated for by an amendment to the tax code adopted on 20 December, one day after the PrivatBank was nationalised. The amendment reduces oil field operation charges by almost a half, and Kolomoyskyi held large stakes in Ukraine's oil industry.
The above-mentioned conflicts did not hinder the leading oligarchs from agreeing to the said major financial decision for the country because politicians, like Poroshenko, depend on the Kolomoyskyi Media Group for their reelection. The only losers in the deal are Ukrainians who will pay for the bank's problems through the financing from the National Bank of Ukraine.
From one perspective the nationalisation looks like a needed step in bad times. The bank had serious financial problems, and after two years of investigation, the National Bank of Ukraine (NBU) and the Financial Stability Council came to a decision that could rescue the bank. On 19 December in an attempt to keep the situation stable, Ukraine's senior officials, including the president, the prime minister and the head of the NBU, guaranteed the clients the safety of their PrivatBank deposit. However, in the Ukrainian reality, these are only guarantees from the same corrupted officials who are not true to their own word and have mismanaged the country now for nearly 30 years.
According to Ukraine's Finance Minister the nationalisation of PrivatBank raised the state's share in the banking sector to around 50%, which is not what the government had been planning for. Therefore, after the complete stabilisation of Privatbank, the state intends to sell it on transparent conditions. Ukraine's history teaches us that the bank will probably be sold to the same oligarchs.
The nationalisation was demanded by Ukrainian international supporters. The state's decision has been positively received by the IMF, G7 and the European Union, which regard it as an important step towards the stabilisation of the whole Ukrainian banking system. The government's intention is to strengthen and restructure PrivatBank, and later, at least in part, to sell it to private investors. The International Monetary Fund has insisted that the bank be reorganised as part of the program for overhauling the Ukrainian banking system, and so have made the availability of the fourth instalment of the loan (around $1bn) dependent on this. Representatives of IMF and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development were also included on the advisory board of the nationalised bank.
Nationalisation of PrivatBank may be seen as a step supported by the IMF to get rid of the Ukrainian oligarchs. Nationalisation of the indebted banks is a common practice worldwide, and it has worked in the crisis times in many countries. However, in Ukraine the whole economy is handled by a small group of oligarchs who gained wealth through political power after the collapse of the Soviet Union. The issue is now whether Ihor Kolomoiskyi will pay up and whether the state's takeover of PrivatBank will mean the end of the control of the country's economy by most powerful oligarchs.
NBU sources say that Kolomoyskyi has committed to a three-year plan that could mean a repay of up to $5.3 billion in unpaid insider loans to cover the PrivatBank losses. Given the history of Kolomoiskyi's shifting financial obligations to the state, their vast business holdings in airlines, media and oil, and their extensive political connections, many remain sceptical whether the oligarch will return the money and whether the power of the oligarchs will be contained.
As we already mentioned, among the biggest debtors to PrivatBank are well-known businesses connected with shareholders of such groups as Ukrtatneft and Dnepravia, but also some not widely known companies. According to Forbes' investigations some of the debtors who got credits from PrivatBank for more than $1bn UAN, like Natel, Zebrina, Palmira Traiding, have already begun bankruptcy proceedings.
One of the negative consequences of nationalisation of the bank is already visible. Last week, PrivatBank's clients could not withdraw foreign currencies. The huge recapitalization of PrivatBank can lead to a further devaluation of the hryvnia and increase inflation.
To put the 5.5 billion rescue program into perspective, the whole foreign exchange reserves of the Ukrainian state stands at around $16-24bn. Consequently, two Jewish Ukrainian oligarchs managed to drain, or steal, the amount of money which equals 1/3 of the total of the Ukrainian foreign exchange reserve, making the country extremely vulnerable to speculative attacks. Presently, the bank is completely insolvent, however filing for bankruptcy will trigger unrest in the country.
Petro Poroshenko has already arranged for a $5,5bn loan from IMF to settle such significant indebtedness and to prevent a new popular revolt at Maidan. Meanwhile, Ukraine's foreign debt will continue to grow as a liability for the next generations. Under Ukrainian conditions, corrupt officials will probably escape the prosecution. That's what is called fighting corruption. The international community also accepts the corrupt oligarchs in Ukraine because they have the experience and the right skills to work with foreign donors.
Therefore, with all its logical advantages and international support, the nationalisation of PrivatBank remains a very controversial event in Ukraine's banking history. The consequences are tough to predict. Although similar processes have been seen in many other states, it does not mean that it will succeed under Ukrainian conditions. The biggest part of success will depend on the desire of Ukraine's governors to actually fight the corruption and the international pressure into the corrupt officials to do so.”
Debate over the Rural Fire Division is heating up after the Association of Volunteer Bush Fire Brigades has all but withdrawn its support for the proposal.
While the association initially supported the “apparent direction” the State Government was taking with its announcement of a rural fire service – one proposal under an independent review by former Victorian country fire boss Euan Ferguson into the 2016 Waroona-Yarloop blaze – it has now labelled the response as “neither adequate nor appropriate”.
In an open letter to all members of Parliament, acting executive officer Darren Brown said while the association supported some aspects such as a new focus on mitigation, it held “grave fears” the plans could lead to significantly worse outcomes for volunteers and further erode relationships with the Department of Fire and Emergency Services.
“As we now believe all opportunities to negotiate further improvements to the Government's plan have been exhausted, I write to ensure that our lack of public critique is not misread as tacit full support,” Mr Brown said.
Its concerns include the service not being independent, regionally based or focused on bushfire response. Emergency Services opposition spokesperson Steve Thomas has echoed the concerns saying the proposal was more like a “department reshuffle” and not a truly independent rural fire service.
Dr Thomas also accused United Firefighters Union secretary Lea Anderson of “letting the cat out of the bag” in a radio interview where they confirmed the Bushfire Centre of Excellence as part of the service would be located in Darlington. Dr Thomas said the apparent location was a “snub to rural communities, an embarrassment to the Government and possibly a by-election bribe to the electors of Darling Range”.
Emergency Services Minister Francis Logan has remained adamant no decision has been made on a location and said it was “really disappointing” the association had changed its position.
ERIE, Pa. (AP) - A state appeals court has rejected a bid to reduce the decades-long sentence of a teenager convicted of a northwestern Pennsylvania murder authorities said occurred during an attempted bicycle theft.
The Erie Times-News reports that the three-judge panel upheld the sentence of 35 years to life imposed on Derrys Sanders Jr., who was 14 at the time of the slaying.
Sanders pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in the shooting death of 18-year-old Jacob Pushinsky in Erie in July 2015.
The appeal challenged the sentence as exceeding sentencing guidelines for juveniles in such cases, but the appeals court said judges can impose more severe sentences.
They also rejected the idea that mitigating circumstances weren't properly considered, saying other factors including what they called the defendant's "cold and calculated disregard" outweighed them.
___
Information from: Erie Times-News, http://www.goerie.com
For Immediate Release:
For additional information:
Rachel Walklet, Advertising Manager
Scarlet Pearl Casino Resort
Cell: 228-342-7640
Scarlet Pearl Casino Resort Names Gaming Industry Veteran as Vice President of Marketing
Amanda M. Totaro to Assume Leadership of Marketing, Bringing 20 Years' Experience to the Role
January 25, 2018 - The Scarlet Pearl Casino Resort family proudly announces the appointment of Amanda M. Totaro as Vice President of Marketing, reporting directly to President & CEO, LuAnn Pappas.
"Amanda is a real pro with a solid track record of developing powerful marketing plans and implementing initiatives that truly resonate with customers. I'm confident that their vast industry knowledge, successful experience across so many gaming markets, properties and corporate organizations, combined with their customer-centric focus, will be a great benefit to our property. I'm thrilled to welcome them to the team," said Pappas.
Totaro began their career in gaming in 1998 at Harrah's Entertainment, Inc. as Corporate Vice President of Brand Marketing, where they repositioned all of the casino giant's brands, winning the company's highest honor, the Chairman's Award, as well as numerous radio and television awards.
Subsequently, Totaro served as Chief Marketing Officer for American Entertainment Properties, (Carl Icahn's gaming division with properties in Nevada and New Jersey), Isle of Capri Casinos, (with over 25 properties across the United States, the U.K. and the Bahamas), and as Vice President of Marketing for Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, increasing net revenue and EBITDA beyond established goals.
Previously, they consulted for Greektown Casino-Hotel in Detroit, leading the property out of bankruptcy, as well as for Mt. Airy Casino Resort in the Poconos, increasing market share and net revenue on a year-over-year basis and exceeding targets for four consecutive years.
"I am honored to have been selected for this position. Scarlet Pearl is a gorgeous, welcoming property with an outstanding casino, fabulous amenities, world-class leadership, a top-notch team, and the best customers in gaming," said Totaro.
About Scarlet Pearl Casino Resort: Scarlet Pearl Casino Resort (scarletpearlcasino.com) is a privately held company based in D'Iberville, MS. The casino resort features 300 hotel rooms, a Miniature Golf Course, an event center, a luxurious pool and multiple restaurants. In addition to the non-gaming amenities, the casino is home to over 1,170 Slots, including 80 Live Video Poker Machines, 37 Table Games, including Blackjack, Craps and Roulette. The casino opened in D'Iberville, MS December 9, 2015.
By
Irene Davidson 84 Friday
Funeral 2 PM Tuesday
Britton Funeral Home
Burial at Irvin Hill Cemetery (Oneida)
Visitation 12 PM
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Irene Davidson, 84, of Keavy, KY, passed away Friday, December 8th, at the Baptist Health Hospital in Corbin.
Irene was born in Oneida, KY on November 24, 1933, a daughter of the late Anna (Barger) and Forrester Spurlock.
Irene was preceded in death by their husband, James Davidson.
Irene is survived by their son, Eric Davidson of Keavy.
 They are also survived by the following grandchildren: John (Alicia) Davidson of Pippa Passes, Joshua Davidson of Keavy, Nikki Davidson of Keavy and Erin Davidson of Keavy.
Irene is also survived by six sisters: Elvia Spurlock of Oneida, Mary Hoskins of BIg Creek, Pauline Bowling of Big Creek, Julida Bowling of Connersville, Joyce Gail Lainhart, of Connersville and Patty Hensley of Alexandra, KY; and by four brothers: John Levi Spurlock of Oneida, Forrester Jr. Spurlock of Oneida, Larry Spurlock of Connersville and Lonnie Spurlock of Connersville.
In addition to their husband and parents, Irene was preceded in death by their son, Herman Valentine, and by the following brothers and sister: Gerald Spurlock, Paul Spurlock and Sophia Hensley.
Services will be held at 2:00 PM on Tuesday, December 12th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY, with Sill Lee and Lonnie Spurlock officiating. Burial will follow at the Irvin Hill Cemetery in Oneida.
Visitation will be held 12:00 PM to 2:00 PM on Tuesday, December 12th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY
Britton Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements.
Based on the idea of educating students in four disciplines namely science, technology, engineering and mathematics, in an interdisciplinary and applied approach, STEM education is seen as a critical way for students to understand, explore and engage the world, after which they would have the capacity to change the world.
In this light, the US Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados hosted a STEM Video Competition which saw secondary school students throughout the Caribbean over the age of 13, submitting videos showcasing why STEM- science, technology, engineering and math, is important in their community.
Four fifth form students from the St Vincent Girls High school won the competition from among the participating schools here and were presented with their award by a delegation from the US Embassy on Friday.
Supercars star Chaz Mostert set a blistering time to secure pole position for the Bathurst 12 Hours for BMW.
The Ford Tickford Racer, who is piloting the #43 BMW Team Schnitzer M6, set a time of 2 minutes 1.9340 seconds to pip Audi's Kelvin van der Linde by 0.2357 seconds to secure the Allan Simonsen Trophy for pole position
“It's pretty surreal … for me it's probably one of the best pole positions I've ever got,” Mostert told Channel 7.
“We were close last year in the Pro-Am entry, but it's great to get the pole this time with Schnitzer Motorsport.”
Although pole position is not traditionally an advantage in a Bathurst endurance race, with the 12 hours begins in pitch darkness, being first on the road will be crucial to avoid any chaos.
“It reduces the risk completely,” they said.
“In the dark here with the lights and stuff, the risk is much higher to end up out of the race.”
Mostert will share the #43 BMW with Marco Wittmann and Augusto Farfus.
van der Linde lines up alongside Mostert, an impressive achievement on their first visit to the mountain, just ahead of Jamec-Pem Audi team-mate Christopher Haase in third place.
Matt Campbell in the #12 Porsche was lying fourth but on their final lap, they ran wide at Hell Corner and unable to improve their time fell to 10th on the grid.
Instead Luke Youlden in the #777 Buik Lamborghini secured the final spot on row two.
Several big names missed out on a spot in the Top 10 Shootout in yesterday's qualifying sessions.
Reigning race winner Jamie Whincup will start from 15th in the #75 Mercedes they share with Kenny Habul, Tristan Vautier and Raffaele Marciello, while 2016 Bathurst 1000 winner Will Davison will start down in 18th, four spots ahead of last year's victory David Reynolds' Mercedes.
By Larry Lage
AP Sports Writer
ANN ARBOR (AP) — Jabrill Peppers perhaps played out of position at Michigan last season, lining up as a linebacker even though they seemed most suited to play safety in the NFL.
They made enough plays to become a Heisman Trophy finalist as a junior and to determine they were ready to play in the league.
Timing might work against Peppers, though, because he's projected to be taken after LSU's Jamal Davis and Ohio State's Malik Hooker. Those two safeties are expected to be among the top selections next week, and no one appears to be sure when Peppers will be taken.
“It's unfortunate that he's coming out in a year where there are so many good safeties,” NFL draft consultant and former Dallas Cowboys general manager Gil Brandt said. “Under normal conditions, he'd probably be the No. 1 safety, but the Ohio State and the LSU guys are so good.
“He's a tremendous football player. They find a way to makes things happen. Even though they only had one interception at Michigan, they find a way to make a big play, whether it's a sack off a blitz or on a punt return.”
Brandt believes Peppers is talented enough to potentially be drafted in the middle of the first round, but won't be surprised if he's available early in the second round. Even though Peppers was pushed out of their comfort zone last season, Brandt does not think it affected their value to NFL teams.
“The only thing that hurts them a little bit is they don't have very good hands,” Brandt said. “At pro day, they dropped about three passes.”
Bleacher Report NFL analyst Chris Simms said Peppers was the “most overrated,” prospect in the draft last week and the proud player fired back the next day on Twitter.
“I played out of position (LB @ 200lbs) pounds, and still became an American,” Peppers tweeted. “How many players can/ARE WILLING to do that for their team?”
The 5-foot-11, 213-pound Peppers declined an interview Saturday while walking up the tunnel out of Michigan Stadium after the school's spring game. But they acknowledged last month that it is fair to question where they will play in the league because there isn't a lot of tape of them at safety. Peppers was primarily used as a nickel cornerback as a sophomore in 2015.
Coach Jim Harbaugh had them return punts and kickoffs and play on offense, putting them in as a wildcat quarterback, running back and wide receiver.
“I've had one team tell me they want me to play linebacker,” Peppers said in March at Michigan's pro day. “One team told me they thought I should play offense. Other than that it's, ‘you're a safety.' … No one's come into a room and said, ‘Jabrill, we don't know what to do with you.' ”
Speed, it seems, will be an asset for Peppers.
They ran a 4.46 40-yard dash at the scouting combine, showing off the form that helped them in high school become a New Jersey state champion in track. In games, whether returning a punt for a touchdown or a fumble on a 2-point conversion, they simply looked like a blur at times.
Peppers didn't play in Michigan's 33-32 loss to Florida State in the Orange Bowl because of an injured left hamstring, but has proven he's healthy during a string of visits with NFL teams.
They led a team stacked with NFL-caliber players with 16 tackles for losses last season and ranked third with 72 tackles. They also had four sacks, one interception and forced a fumble. On offense, Peppers had 27 carries for 167 yards, caught two passes and scored three touchdowns. They returned a punt for a score in a win over Colorado, averaged a Big Ten-best 14.8 yards on punt returns, and gained 26 yards per kickoff return.
They won the Hornung Award as the nation's most versatile college football player, and the Lott Trophy, which honors a defensive player for character and performance.
“Whatever team takes me, it's going to be a steal,” Peppers said. “I don't care what the draft experts — and things like that — what they have to say. I only care about what these GMs and coaches think about me. I just need the opportunity. That's it.
“I didn't play safety, but I'm going to be a safety.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Larry Lage on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/larrylage
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson's starting backcourt of Marquise Reed and Shelton Mitchell is returning for one more season.
Reed, the Tigers leading scoring last season, and Mitchell both announced they have withdrawn from the NBA draft and will play one more year with the Tigers.
Reed averaged 15.8 points while Mitchell had a career-best 12.2 points a game this past season in helping Clemson (25-10) reach the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. It was the Tigers first NCAA trips since 2011.
Reed and Mitchell, Clemson's point guard, both entered the draft last month. Neither hired an agent making them eligible to return. It also means the core of this year's NCAA team is back with the guards joining forward Elijah Thomas next season.
April 28 United States Steel Corp-
* U. S. Steel issues update on status of midwest plant
* United States Steel Corp - "ongoing water sampling at outfall shows that facility has continued to be in compliance."
* United States Steel Corp says maintaining continuous inspection and monitoring of expansion joints at the midwest plant in portage, indiana
* United States Steel Corp - "we agreed to a long-term monitoring plan with united states environmental protection agency" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
When it comes to catching the bad guys, Tia leaves it to the big dogs.
The laid-back cat is “employed” at the Wellington District Police in New Zealand, often accompanying their owner and fellow constable Kerry Morrell to work at the department's scene of the crime office, reports Mashable.
While Tia may look the part of crime fighter, with their custom police vest, they much prefers the office work over the action. Morrell says that Tia can only get 30 minutes of work done at a time, and then the urge to nap becomes too strong.
When they are awake, the feline will help here and there with typing and paperwork, but leaves all the animal field work to their capable canine companions.
ATLANTA (AP) — The Department of Defense says a Georgia soldier was one of four U.S. troops killed in an ambush in Niger.
The agency said in a news release Friday that 29-year-old Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright of Lyons died Wednesday in the attack.
Wright's father, Arnold, said their son grew up playing sports with their three brothers and liked to joke around. They followed both their parents and one of their brothers into the Army.
Wright was assigned to 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne) at Fort Bragg in North Carolina.
Their brother, Will, who also served, described their younger brother as “an amazing special forces soldier and an amazing friend.” Will Wright said the two were just 13 months apart, were very close and shared a special bond over their military service.
Icon of freedom: The Statue of Liberty The Statue of Liberty in New York. 01 / 41 The Statue of Liberty in New York. 01 / 41
The Statue of Liberty — or "Liberty Enlightening the World," as it is officially named — towers over New York Harbor, measuring 151 feet from the base to the tip of the torch. Click through the gallery above to see beautiful photos of this iconic symbol of freedom and the United States.
See more of New York's famous landmarks:
35 stunning photos of the Empire State Building The Empire State Building in New York. 01 / 35 The Empire State Building in New York. 01 / 35
One World Trade Center: Photos of America's tallest building One World Trade Center in New York. 01 / 49 One World Trade Center in New York. 01 / 49
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
FOUR years ago today, an organ transplant went horribly wrong.
Doctors decided to end the life of the patient, Conan, when widespread blood clot formation cut off the flow of blood to their organs. They were only a teenager, but they had received a kidney transplant from a genetically modified pig along with the islet cells of several piglets in an attempt to cure their diabetes.
But Conan wasn't born with diabetes. In fact, the doctors who killed them were the same ones who gave them diabetes just months before theirs transplant.
Conan was a baboon — one of many who have been used in laboratory experiments here in Australia. In Sydney's western suburb of Wallacia, more than 150 baboons at a time are held in enclosures so that their bodies can be used and their lives snuffed out for “research”.
They are recycled through various projects until they become too sick to go on — or until the experimenter wants to cut out their organs and see what the tests have done to them.
Animals are not laboratory tools. They're living beings who share this planet with us. They feel pain and fear just as we do, and their overwhelming natural inclinations — like ours — are to be free and to protect themselves from harm. But they are nevertheless locked inside small laboratory cages and subjected to abuse that would be illegal if it took place anywhere outside those walls.
Camera Icon Baboons are being used for medical testing in Australia. (Pic: Nicole Garmston) Picture: News Corp Australia
In addition to being unethical, animal experimentation is fundamentally flawed scientifically. Trying to learn about humans by studying animals is like trying to navigate from Sydney to Brisbane using a map of China. The obstacle posed by the physiological differences between species can never be overcome by scientists. Of all new medicines that prove safe and effective in animal tests, 95 per cent fail in human clinical trials because they either cause harm or don't work. Studies also show that at least 90 per cent of animal studies fail to lead to any therapies for humans. That's an enormous waste of money, scientific resources, and animal lives, and it gives patients false hope.
Modern, cutting-edge, non-animal methodologies that can accurately predict what happens in humans are available and represent the future of progressive and effective science. Increasingly, researchers themselves are recognising this. After a four-year PETA campaign, for example, the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons announced that it would end the use of live animals in its Early Management of Severe Trauma program this year. Previously, this physician-training program had involved cutting holes into the throats, chests, and limbs of live animals.
It is essential that the scientific community rethink its psychological dependence on cruel and unreliable animal tests without delay and align itself with the progressive thinking needed to create a world in which all living beings — both human and animal — endure less suffering. Otherwise, Conan and other animals like them will have died in vain.
Laura Weyman-Jones is a spokesperson for PETA Australia.
Ahead of the weekend, MMW learned that Salesfloor — a technology platform for omnichannel retail associates — announced a first-of-its-kind mobile messaging feature that connects customers to their local store's associate with text messaging.
The new service, we're told, helps associates make product recommendations using SMS so that customers can shop online with their local store or favorite associate.
As retailers continue to expand their service offerings to reach mobile shoppers, Salesfloor's new set of features enable associates to send shoppable products to customers via SMS messages. Associates using Salesfloor can easily add clickable product recommendations in messages sent by secure text message. The new feature also integrates with popular messaging apps including Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp and WeChat.
“More than three billion people globally use mobile messaging apps like Facebook Messenger and WeChat on a regular basis,” said Oscar Sachs, CEO and co-founder of Salesfloor. “This represents a huge opportunity for retailers to engage with customers who use their connected devices to shop when they are not in the physical store. Our preliminary data points to a meaningful lift in customer engagement metrics and store sales performance.”
As for availability, we're told its available on both Storefront for Associates and Storefront for Stores, individual associates or teams can send product recommendations that, once purchased by a customer, are credited back to the referring associate or store.
Perth woman Alison Raspa, who was reported missing in Canada. Them body has been found in a lake near a Canadian ski resort
Perth woman Alison Raspa, who was reported missing in Canada. Them body has been found in a lake near a Canadian ski resort Picture: Supplied
The body of missing Perth woman Alison Raspa has been found four months after they disappeared at a Canadian ski-resort.
The 25-year-old was last seen in late November leaving their workplace at the Three Below Bar in Whistler.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police have confirmed remains found at Alpha Lake on Friday belong to the Perth woman.
The cause of death has not been confirmed however police say it does not appear suspicious.
The global Lab Glassware market is valued at XX a million USD in 2017 and is expected to reach XX a million USD by the end of 2025, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2017 and 2025.
China plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2017 and will be xx million USD in 2025, with a CAGR of xx%.
This report studies the Lab Glassware development status and future trend in China, focuses on top players in China, also splits Lab Glassware by type and by applications, to fully and deeply research and reveal the market general situation and future forecast.
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/china-lab-glassware-industry-2018/request-sample
The major players in China market include
Sigma-Aldrich
Fisher Scientific
DWK Life Sciences
Corning
Quark Enterprises
Bellco Glass
Wilmad-LabGlass?SP Industries?
Hamilton Laboratory Glass
Kavalierglass
BOROSIL
Hilgenberg
Glacier Glass Works
Eagle Laboratory Glass Company
Jencons Glass Industries
Sibata Scientific Technology
Promax
Glassco Group
Cosmo Laboratory Equipment
Hario
Pioneer Scientific Instrument
SCAM Lab Glass
Sichuan Shubo
Huaou Industry
North Glass
Tianbao Glass Instrument
Shanghai Heqi Glassware
Jianghai Instrument Fitting
Kahotest Citotest Labware Manufacturing
Haimen Shengbang Laboratory Equipment
Yadong Glassware
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/china-lab-glassware-industry-2018
Geographically, this report splits the China market into six regions,
South China
East China
Southwest China
Northeast China
North China
Central China
Northwest China
On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Container
Measurer
Filter
Other
On the basis of the end users/application, this report covers
West Coast chief executive Trevor Nisbett says the Eagles would be prepared to play all matches as away games if they are allowed a standalone team in the WAFL.
Nisbett said their club did not have a position on how to build a top-up list if it formed a standalone team, but the proposal put by West Coast and Fremantle in 2011 when reserves teams were first attempted was a starting point.
“It probably hasn't changed too much. There are plenty of options to source players without looking at other clubs,” Nisbett said.
Playing all away games would not be an issue, they said.
“We would need to talk to the footy commission and the clubs about that to see whether that would still be the case but we would be happy to do that,” Nisbett said.
“It doesn't matter from our point of view.”
In 2011 the Eagles and Dockers submitted that top-up players not on WAFL club lists could be recruited and, if they showed they had the ability to play WAFL, could be passed on to the club they were zoned to.
Nisbett said planning for the separation from East Perth, who the Eagles have been aligned with since 2013, was in the early stages.
“We will have to work through all the logistics over the next month and then hopefully we will be in a really good position to say what the plans are,” they said.
There were no plans “at this stage” to approach Perth, who will be their co-tenants at Lathlain Park, to establish a partnership.
“At this stage they have shown no propensity to have a partnership so I would say it is not a fall-back position at the moment. That might change though,” Nisbett said.
Meanwhile, Fremantle chief executive Steve Rosich said they were happy with their arrangement with Peel but said the Dockers would want the same rights as the Eagles to change if circumstances changed at some point in the future.
“At this point we don't see it as something we would do,” they said.
“We have worked really hard to establish a positive relationship with Peel which is mutually beneficial. It is contributing positively to the development of our players.”
The Dockers and Peel have a contractuntil at least the end of the 2021 season, with an 18-month notice period required to make any change.
“We see that continuing but if West Coast end up with a standalone team we would reserve the right to do the same if things changed,” Rosich said.
