Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jenna Russell will depart EastEnders as their character Michelle Fowler is being written out, just over a year after they joined the soap.
Russell first appeared in the BBC One programme in December 2016, taking over the role of Michelle from Susan Tully, who originally played the Walford regular from 1985 until 1995.
An EastEnders spokesperson said: "Jenna is a terrific actor who has loved their time on the show playing Michelle and it was a mutual decision to write the character out.
"We wish Jenna all the best for the future."
Hitting back at speculation they were axed from the soap, Russell tweeted: "Just for clarity, I wasn't 'axed' just fancied doing something else. Nothing else. Have a great day x #actorslife."
Viewers have been divided over Russell's stint as Michelle since their Albert Square debut, with many complaining about the recasting of such a high-profile figure from the show's history.
Russell, who won an Olivier Award in 2007 for their turn in the London revival of Sunday In The Park With George, said that they were initially concerned about taking over the role of Michelle.
After making their debut, they admitted that it was "scary" to be stepping into Tully's shoes.
"I know the audience loved them and even though they haven't been on our screens for over 20 years, they are still an iconic character in the fans' psyche," they said.
"That scared me but sometimes it's good to be scared. I thought 'take a deep breath' and I decided to jump up and go with it.
"I just have to do my own version of them and hope the audience go with it."
Russell later said that they felt viewers were struggling to "warm" to the character again, because Michelle had been embroiled in a storyline involving an affair with their teenage former student Preston Cooper.
Another scene, which aired in April last year, saw Michelle involved in a car crash.
At the time, viewers took to Twitter to share their upset that dementia sufferer Sylvie Carter (Linda Marlowe) was killed off in a separate incident, rather than Russell's character.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa beat several Premier League teams and a host of others abroad to lure John Terry to Villa Park last summer.
The former England and Chelsea captain is understood to have agreed a deal that could see them net in excess of £4million-a-year when bonuses and incentives are added in.
It's a sizeable sum to say the least, but nothing compared to the wages they would have picked up had they rejected Villa in favour of a move to MLS or Chinese Super League.
Terry, 37, was far more enamoured with a tilt at promotion from the Championship than a potential relegation dogfight having held talks with Premier League sides West Brom, Swansea and Bournemouth, or indeed a life-changing move to the Far East or the States.
And Terry has been worth every penny of Dr Tony Xia's hard-earned cash. The imposing central defender has been one of Steve Bruce's top performers this season and has only missed a handful of league games through injury.
Villa hope he'll elect to extend their stay in the Second City beyond the end of the season and Terry has hinted he'd be willing to play on.
Speaking for the first time about their future, Terry told talkSPORT: "I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me. They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field.
"It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed. I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
"I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me, and the fans as well have been excellent.
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"The travelling support is incredible. We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
This year's honorees are Westmont College, Barbara Rosenblum, Sonos Inc., Joanne Funari and Larry Barels
Five outstanding local businesses and individuals were honored Thursday night at the 19th annual South Coast Business & Technology Awards.
More than 700 guests gathered for dinner at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort to celebrate this year's award winners and raise money for scholarships presented to local students attending Santa Barbara City College, UC Santa Barbara and Westmont College.
The award dinners have raised more than $1.5 million for scholarship funds designated for students working on degrees in the areas of business and technology.
This year's honorees are:
» Excellence in Service — Westmont College, a Santa Barbara liberal arts college featuring 26 majors, 11 pre-professional programs and a fifth-year credential program, and serving 1,355 students.
» Entrepreneur of the Year — Barbara Rosenblum, founder of Santa Barbara-based Strategic Healthcare Programs.
» Company of the Year — Sonos Inc., producer of Sonos wireless HiFi systems; it employs 600 people globally and is headquartered in Santa Barbara.
» Executive of the Year — Joanne Funari, a founding member of Business First Bank who serves as executive vice president and market area president for Santa Barbara and Ventura counties.
» Pioneer Award — Larry Barels, founder of successful businesses in the fields of advertising, real estate development and technology, including WaveFront Technologies, Driveway and Aqueous.
— Noozhawk intern Jordon Niedermeier can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
CNN — One day after school in January, 8-year-old Gabriel Taye returned to their Cincinnati home and hanged themselves with a necktie, their family's attorney says.
Their mother, Cornelia Reynolds, found their body that afternoon in their bedroom. Their family sued their school district last week, alleging that he'd been bullied and that the school didn't inform their relatives.
"Gabriel was a shining light to everyone who knew and loved him," their mother said in prepared statement released to the news media. "We miss them desperately and suffer every day."
Suicides among US children under 13 are rare, but perhaps more frequent than you think. And 8 is hardly the youngest.
More than 1,300 dead since 1999
From 1999 through 2015, 1,309 children ages 5 to 12 committed suicide in the United States, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says.
That means one child under 13 died of suicide nearly every five days, on average, over those 17 years.
The frequency was higher from 2013 to 2015 — once every 3.4 days — thanks mostly to a 54% spike in the suicides of 11- and 12-year-olds compared to the three years prior. That jibes with the CDC's announcement of a recent rise in suicide rates in ages 10-14.
Still, some perspective: Suicides before the teen years are infrequent compared to other groups.
There were 0.31 suicides per 100,000 children ages 5-12 during those 17 years. Compare that to 7.04 suicides per 100,000 people ages 13-18, or 17.39 per 100,000 for ages 18 to 65.
Child suicide rates rise with age. But, yes, the CDC has recorded suicides of 5-, 6- and 7-year-olds. From 1999 to 2015 (the most recent year for data), those numbers were two, four and eight, respectively.
Why does it happen?
Suicides for elementary school-age children have been little examined, but a study published last year in the journal Pediatrics saw some differences in factors from suicides in older children.
That study examined suicides in 17 states from 2003 to 2012, and broke down the factors among ages 5-11 and 12-14.
Relationship problems — such as arguments or other issues with friends and relatives — were the most common factor for both groups. Given their ages, the problems, naturally, were more likely to involve boyfriend/girlfriend issues in the older group.
Documented mental health problems were equally prevalent in both groups (about 33%). But differences in the types of mental issues were intriguing.
Attention-deficit disorder was more common in the 5-11 group, whereas the 12-14 set was more likely to have had been diagnosed with depression, lead study author Arielle Sheftall said.
That might mean the younger kids are more susceptible to responding impulsively to problems, said Sheftall, a research scientist at the Center for Suicide Prevention and Research at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio.
"I think having (the) information that we are seeing ADD/ADHD in kids (5-11) dying by suicide may help us to intervene differently in that age group," Sheftall said.
Most are boys
By far, most children under 13 who commit suicide are boys: 76% of those who died in 1999-2015 were male.
That dovetails with research showing most of those committing suicide across all ages are male. That same research, however, shows females attempt suicide more frequently.
But Sheftall said it's not yet clear how many boys and girls ages 5-12 attempt suicide.
Separate research presented in May showed the number of children ages 5-17 who were hospitalized for suicidal thoughts or actions in the US doubled over nearly a decade.
A growing racial divide?
Sheftall's team found something else: 36.8% of the 5-11 set who committed suicide were black — nearly double the rate reported in the same demographic group between 1993 and 2002.
The researchers were keen to see whether there were differences in precipitating circumstances among races, citing previous research showing that "black youth may experience disproportionate exposure to violence or traumatic stressors," and are "less likely to receive services for depression, suicidal ideation and other mental health problems."
But "when potential racial disparities in precipitating circumstances ... were examined in the current study, few differences were found," the authors wrote.
Experts: More research is needed
Sheftall said more research is needed, both to understand the increase in suicide rate in black children, and to determine whether and how suicide prevention efforts should be tailored to preteens.
Pre-13 suicides have been understudied, Sheftall said, largely because it's hard to imagine children this young want to kill themselves.
"That's why we're making an effort to say, 'Yes, this is occurring. Now, what can we do to help?' "
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Federal assistance is still available regarding last October's wildfires. The California Department of Education has announced that two-million dollars is being offered, to help schools that were impacted in Butte, Lake, Mendocino, Napa, Nevada, Orange, Sonoma, and Yuba Counties. The funding may be used to reimburse expenses for schools that had to close. Nevada County Superintendent of Schools, Scott Lay, says the Nevada City School of the Arts, on Bitney Springs Road, had to close for a week…
click to listen to Scott Lay
But otherwise, Lay says he's not aware of any other school in Nevada County that might be able to tap into it. And two-million dollars won't fund much for eight counties…
click to listen to Scott Lay
Reimbursable expenses may include hiring substitute teachers and renting vans to transport students from temporary housing to alternative school sites. The funds may also be used for mental health assessments and services, and overtime for teachers, counselors, security officers, and other staff.
The homebrew scene is always coming out with ways to emulate old games on new hardware with as much fidelity to the originals as possible. Programmer Tom Murphy, otherwise known as Tom7, has been working on a slightly different project in their two most recent YouTube videos: figuring out a way to run SNES games on a vanilla NES console.
To enact this seemingly miraculous feat of video game engineering, Murphy doesn't modify the NES at all. Instead, they hack the circuit boards of NES cartridges to outfit them with Raspberry Pi 3 mini-computers. All of the information from the SNES ROMs on the Pi then gets filtered through a program to translate the data into something the NES can understand and render on-screen via the hacked cartridge. In effect, the Pi streams games to the NES, which Murphy has running on a slight delay to compensate for the latency of all this extra computing.
This unusual approach allows Murphy to control the inputs being fed into the NES. As a result, they can do some interesting things, like let games scroll faster than the system would normally allow and have more color variation. The result is an opening level of Super Mario World that looks acid-washed and creepy.
Murphy has put together a number of other projects over the years, including writing a program that could teach itself how to play NES games, but there's something both glorious and eerie about seeing once future tech taken apart and reconstructed as a demake, a type of homebrew Murphy has dubbed “reverse emulation.” I for one would love to hear the Super Mario World theme turned into something out of Poltergeist. Murphy has even wilder ambitions, speculating at the end of their reverse emulation video about the possibility that humans might one day use a similar theoretical process to integrate their brains with more advanced technology. Who knows—maybe in the year 2048 being a homebrew cyborg will be the only way to get access to a Nintendo virtual console.
You can watch Murphy go into much more technical depth about this project in their second video here.
Bollywood Actress Kareena Kapoor
Come April, just over four months after giving birth to their son Taimur Ali Khan, Kareena Kapoor Khan will face the cameras again for Veere Di Wedding.
Kapoor Khan gave birth to their first child with actor Saif Ali Khan in December.
“I have always balanced my work and my marriage. People thought that I wouldn't, and I did. I am going to continue to do that. I think women know how to multi-task,” said Kapoor Khan about getting back to work.
“Today, you see working women out there. If you have a family, if you have a child, it doesn't mean you are homebound. Of course, there is time for that and work,” they added.
Asked about motherhood, they said, “I am taking it each day as it comes. I think it's the most beautiful phase of my life.”
Having said that, they agree “parenthood comes with a lot of responsibility”.
“Both Saif and me are ready for this kind of responsibility,” they added.
Whether it was during their pregnancy or after delivering their baby, Kapoor Khan hasn't keep away from the limelight.
They walked the ramp as a showstopper with their baby bump, and again, after Taimur was born, at the Lakme Fashion Week ramp.
“It's not about proving a point,” they said. “It was just something I wanted to do. It was something I believed in that I have nothing to hide. When I got married, it was the most beautiful phase. Pregnancy was the most normal thing that was going to happen and giving birth to a child is as normal as ever.”
“I want life to go on,” added Kapoor Khan, who walked as the showstopper for designer Anita Dongre at the grand finale of LFW summer-resort 2017 earlier this month.
Kapoor Khan, daughter of veteran actor Randhir Kapoor and Babita, says they don't want people to look at what they did as anything different.
“Because it isn't. The only thing different is that we are just happy, we have an addition in our home,” they said.
On the work front, Kapoor Khan is prepping for the upcoming film Veere Di Wedding, which also stars actores Sonam Kapoor and Swara Bhaskar.
“We are going to start the work in April,” they said, adding that they have begun their workout regime. And they are determined “to get into the best shape of my life and then start the film”.
Global Track Dumper Market 2017, presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Track Dumper Market Globally, providing basic overview of Track Dumper Market Including Definitions, Classifications, Applications and Industry Chain Structure, Track Dumper Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as Manufacturing processes and cost structures. Track Dumper Market size, share and end users are analyzed as well as segment Markets by types, applications and companies.
Download Sample Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/30583/request-sample
Track Dumper Market research report studies Track Dumper in Global Market, Track Dumper Market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Global Track Dumper Market report focuses on top Manufacturers in global Market, with their Business perspective which consist of Track Dumper capacity, production, price, revenue and Track Dumper Market share for each Manufacturer.
Track Dumper Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers.
Morooka
Canycom
Prinoth
Merlo
Kubota
Winbull Yamaguchi
IHIMER
Yanmar
Takeuchi
Bergmann
Menzi Muck
Terramac
Messersi
Global Track Dumper Market segment by Countries, Track Dumper Market report splits Global into several key Countries, with Track Dumper Sales, Track Dumper production, Track Dumper consumption, Track Dumper revenue, Track Dumper Market share and growth rate of Track Dumper in these regions, from 2012 to 2027. Track Dumper Market report split by Product type and Application, with Track Dumper sales, production, revenue, price, Market share and growth rate of each type, according to Application Track Dumper Market report Focuses on Consumption, Market share and growth rate of Track Dumper in each Application.
Track Dumper Market Research Report Split by Type
Mini Track Dumper (Payload≤1 Ton)
Large Track Dumper (Payload>1 Ton)
Access Full Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-track-dumper-market-report-30583.html
Track Dumper Market Research Report Split by Application
Construction and Mining
Utility Industries
Other Applications
Table of Contents
2017-2022 Global Top Countries Track Dumper Market Report
1 Track Dumper Market Overview
2 Global Track Dumper Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers
3 Global Track Dumper Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
4 Global Track Dumper Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
5 North America Track Dumper Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
6 Latin America Track Dumper Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
7 Europe Track Dumper Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
8 Asia-Pacific Track Dumper Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
9 Middle East and Africa Track Dumper Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
10 Track Dumper Manufacturing Cost Analysis
11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
13 Market Effect Factors Analysis
14 Global Track Dumper Market Forecast (2017-2022)
15 Research Findings and Conclusion
16 Appendices
16.1 Methodology
16.2 Analyst Introduction
16.3 Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone: (201) 465-4211
Email: sales@fiormarkets.com
Web: www.fiormarkets.com
CTV Vancouver
Toronto-area police are looking for three suspects, possibly from B.C., who are believed to have been involved in an attack on a man with autism.
The attack occurred last Tuesday night at a bus terminal outside a mall in Mississauga, Ont., Peel Regional Police said.
A 29-year-old man was sitting on a set of stairs at the terminal at Square One when they were approached by three males. The men surrounded the victim and punched and kicked them several times before fleeing the area.
The victim was taken to hospital with serious but non-life-threatening injuries.
On Monday, Peel police told CTV News that they believe at least one of the suspects involved in the "brutal assault" might be from B.C., or have some connection to the province. They're asking residents of the west coast to look at the video police released last week and contact them with more information on the suspects.
Warning: The video police have released shows the attack. Viewer discretion is advised.
"We saw the video and we decided to release that video to the public, and by doing that, we generated a lot of information," Const. Harinder Sohi told CTV News Monday.
"Our information is that all three parties that are responsible for this assault are from British Columbia, the Lower Mainland area."
Sohi would not say what the information was or how it came to police, but said that they'd verified it and it looked to be credible.
Peel police have been working with local departments and RCMP detachments located in the Lower Mainland, but said they also received a lot of assistance from the public.
"I think this really shows the power of social media. Once we released that video, it was amazing to see not only the tips we received but also the response from the community for the victim themselves – all the well-wishes and people wanting to reach out to the victim," Sohi said.
"I can tell you that the victim is with their family and is getting a lot of support."
The males have been described as South Asian and about 5-10.
The first has a light complexion, thin build, short, dark beard and straight black hair. They were wearing a black T-shirt with a red and white Air Jordan logo, black track pants and black shoes.
The second suspect also has a light complexion and thin build but is clean shaven. They were wearing a black jacket with a grey stripe across the chest and another grey stripe on the hood. They also had on black track pants and black shoes.
The third is described as having a medium complexion and medium build. They were unshaven at the time, and was wearing a black Nike hoodie with white lettering on the sleeves, black track pants and black shoes.
Anyone with more information is asked to contact investigators at (905) 453-2121, ext. 1233. Tips can also be left anonymously though Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS) or online.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Sheila Scott and Scott Roberts
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
During the 3-0 victory over Hull City Wes Harding became the latest player from the Birmingham City youth set-up to graduate to Championship football.
The youngster gave a convincing display as a Championship right back in the white-out at St Andrew's and white heat of a relegation battle.
Garry Monk had enough belief in the untested rookie to pick them ahead of Arsenal loan man - and former England cap - Carl Jenkinson.
This is how Harding got here and where they go from now.
Who is he?
A young defender who was born in Leicester 21-years ago. They have been at Blues for around five years and has come through the Under 18s and 23s - both of whom they captained. They had two substitute appearances of the bench in the EFL Cup earlier this season before starting on Saturday.
What's their background?
Harding had a few trials for Leicester's academy but ended up joining Coventry's, from where they were released at Under 14s.
Then it was on to Villa where they spent just over a year but wasn't awarded a scholarship. Thankfully Blues had spotted them and they moved across the city at 16.
Since then he's come through squads managed by Steve Spooner and Richard Beale and has been a vocal captain virtually every step of the way.
Gary Rowett took them to Marbella in 2015 but no first team appearances materialised.
They had a loan spell at non-league Alfreton at the start of last season but picked up a knee injury.
In their determination to show they could cut it in senior football they played on and suffered a more serious set-back.
The breakthrough
They started to get more recognition in the summer, when Harry Redknapp used them in a pre-season game at Kidderminster and then started them in the final warm-up match against Swansea.
Their first team debut came off the bench for the final half hour against Crawley in August. They then played 70 minutes against Bournemouth after Emilio Nsue went off injured.
Steve Cotterill kept them around the squad and since their arrival Monk has extended opportunities to several young players in first team training.
After a stuttering performance by Jenkinson at Cardiff the manager made the bold decision to give Harding a full Championship debut at home to Hull.
How did they do?
Really well. It took them several minutes to get into the game - but they announced their presence in uncompromising style - a very heavy sliding tackle on Liverpool loan youngster Harry Wilson.
It was probably worth a yellow-and-a-half, but they survived and grew into the game and Wilson became more and more peripheral.
Their pass completion rate of 68.8% was the highest for Blues defenders and they matched or bettered fellow full back Maxime Colin in terms of headers, clearances and crosses. Their swinging centre was just too high for Lukas Jutkiewicz.
In the second half they swept up really well on a couple of occasions and showed a willingness to get forward. All in all - very positive
The manager
Garry Monk insisted they never had any qualms about throwing Harding into the fray.
“I never have any doubts in situations like that. I have shown it at all the clubs I have been at,” Monk said.
“To me the situation doesn't matter. If I feel that a player is good enough and ready enough I will never have any fear of that.
“I made the decision because I felt with Hull scoring the goals they have scored in recent games, the threats that their wingers pose, Wes brings that bit of pace and tenacity to their defending.
“Especially with that early booking as well. I thought they showed good maturity to handle that afterwards. I will never have any fear of throwing a young player in.
“I will continue to do that.
“I am very pleased for them and for the team. They did very, very well. You have to give players trust whoever they are, senior pros or players starting out in their careers.”
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
What did they say himself?
Asked by Blues TV if he'd be busting a gut to keep their place for the Ipswich game, Harding was unequivocal: “Yes, 100 per cent. That's the aim now. We have got the three points and the clean sheet but when we start next week that will be out of the way and the focus will shift to the next game - and I want to be involved.
“The clean slate has lifted everyone's spirits. Straight away you have got everyone involved, which is a good thing. The team morale is there, we can keep getting points now. Everybody is confident that we will do it.”
And that tackle? “That wasn't in the script at all! I thought I could get the ball. I think I took an extra step which is what gave them time to move the ball away.
“Straight away off the cuff I thought ‘Oh my gosh, let me relax, go back to the basics'. And that's what I did."
Social media support
What next?
Wilson had been earning rave reviews for Hull with some suggestions they would go back to Liverpool and challenge for first team game-time.
However, key for Harding is keeping their place in the side. Jenkinson is fit, Josh Dacres-Cogley is an option at right back - and Monk could use Maxime Colin there if they have faith in an alternative left back.
He's got two weeks to continue to impress before the meeting with Ipswich on March 31.
After that there could be reunions with Will Buckley at Bolton and Burton's Lloyd Dyer and clashes with Bristol City's Jamie Paterson and Ivan Cavaleiro/Barry Douglas at Wolves.
He's under contract for until the summer of 2020 so doesn't have that worry hanging over their head.
Juke-ing about
Lukas Jutkiewicz relished an ‘enjoyable' fortnight working under Garry Monk and has revealed the freedom Birmingham City have been given in attack.
The 28-year-old was applauded off during Blues' 3-0 victory over Hull on Saturday having turned in arguably the best 83 minutes of their season.
Jutkiewicz and Che Adams gave the Hull defence a torrid afternoon and whilst the margin of victory was three, in truth it could have been double but for the excellence of Allan McGregor.
And a morale-boosting team display brought Monk their first victory as Blues boss who has had three games in their first two weeks -but now has the international break to continue implementing their methods.
“It has been hugely important,”Jutkiewicz said, who agreed that Blues are now playing on the front foot.
“When a new coach comes in they have their own ideas of what they want to do and it's really important to implement them every day on the training pitch and make sure that everybody is crystal clear in what is expected of them.
“We've had a good couple of weeks of doing that, it has been hard work but it has been really enjoyable.
“There's a really good atmosphere around the training ground, we've been working really hard to implement the manager's ideas and that's important with a new coach.
“He is very methodical in what they want their team to be doing in terms of pressing and in terms of the team shape - and we do a lot of work on that.
“On the other side of that we have been given that freedom to go and express ourselves. He's a big advocate of that.”
Part of that has been playing with two strikers, Jutkiewicz has operated with Che Adams in the last two home games - and Sam Gallagher at Cardiff.
The Jutkiewicz-Adams partnership was effective at the end of last season and on Saturday looked as though it could be so again.
“I enjoy playing up front with Che. We've had success last season when we did get a chance to play together.
"He is a terrific young player and it certainly helps me that we've got someone with their dynamics, running in behind to support you.
"It does create that little bit extra space knowing that the centre-halves can't quite get as tight because Che is coming in behind.
“I'm sure he'll tell folk they meant their goal, and I believe him. I'll take them any way they come. I was waiting for a cross but if they do that every time, I've no problems!”
After eliminating Petaluma's Trojans, 3-2, in the first round of the North Coast Section Division 2 baseball playoffs, El Cerritos' Gauchos made it a clean sweep of Petaluma on Saturday afternoon, ending Casa Grande's own Gaucho NCS dreams, 6-3.
There were multiple factors at play in the Casa fall — line drives hit right at El Cerrito defenders, lack of clutch hits and crucial fielding miscues by the normally glove-sure Casa Gauchos. But the truth was that on an overcast but warm Saturday afternoon, El Cerrito was the better team.
“You have to hand it to them,” said Casa Grande coach Chad Fillinger. “They executed when they needed to.”
Both starting pitchers, Broc Burleson for Casa Grande and Jacob Rossi for El Cerrito, were effective, but not untouchable, although they pretty much controlled things for the first three innings. Burleson gave up hits in each of the first two innings, but five strikeouts over that span and Casa Grande's seemingly patented infield double play easily kept the visitors away from the plate.
Casa Grande got a couple of singles in the second and boarded a man via a hit by pitch in the third, but it never seriously bothered Rossi.
Burleson suddenly lost the plate in the top of the fourth inning, walking the first two batters of the frame. Those freebees came at a cost. Both walked runners scored after advancing on wild pitches. One came in on a single by Sawyer Whitney and the other on a sacrifice fly by Isaac Woldt.
Casa Grande's only counting blows were struck in the fourth inning when its Gauchos took a 3-2 lead. The big blast in the inning was struck by Joey Loveless, who lined a shot over the left-field fence with Cameron Downing on base. The catcher boarded themselves with one of three singles they had in the game.
Two outs later, Casa Grande added a third run, the go-ahead run at the time, on a solid single to right by Cole Santander, a wild pitch and a bad-hop single by Ibai Guadron.
The Gaucho lead held until the sixth inning when El Cerrito's Henry Degnan led off with a double blasted to left field. All sorts of junk, including a walk, a wild pitch, and an infield error followed, providing the visiting Gauchos with two runs and a 4-3 lead.
Whatever dreams the home-side Gauchos had of continuing their season were belted out of existence by four hits, including two doubles and three runs in the top of the seventh inning.
The seventh-inning insurance wasn't needed because Rossi, with a couple of strong late innings of relief from Jamison Patanapanich, kept Casa Grande at bay over the final three frames.
Casa put runners at first and third with only one out in the fifth, but a swift infield double play ended the threat.
Casa Grande made one more threat on the season when Joe Lampe hustled out a double with two outs and A.J. Miller walked, but an infield bouncer ended the game and Casa's season.
Casa Grande opened the playoff earlier in the week with senior Nik Kamages pitching a wild one-hitter to hurl the Gauchos by Concord's Minutemen, 3-2.
Kamages was not hittable in their dominating route-going performance against Concord, with only two balls even knocked into the outfield against him. However, at times they were also uncontrollable, walking seven Minutemen and working with men on base in each of the last five innings.
The Ministry of Agriculture is collaborating with the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) to develop a strategy and action plan for compliance with the 2009 FAO agreement on port state measures. These measures are to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing.
A five-day workshop at the Fort Young Hotel which began on Monday February 13th will facilitate discussions aimed at improving the management of Dominica's fishing borders. On May 6, 2016 Dominica acceded to the 2009 FAO Port State Measures Agreement. The agreement came into effect on June 5th 2016.
Hon Minister For Fisheries, Johnson Drigo, addressed the opening ceremony saying “Dominica took this bold step to globally declare its intention and let other like-minded countries as well as would-be perpetrators know that we stand on the issue of illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing.”
They explained, “The main objective of the agreement is to prevent illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing by implementing robust control measures at national ports of entry.” Hon Drigo said further that the measures will be applied to foreign fishing vessels who illegally catch fish and seek to enter Dominica's ports to sell.
FAO Fishery and Aquaculture Officer, Raymon Van Anronny, explained the importance of the implementation of this strategy for Dominica and the Caribbean.
“Illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing continues to be a threat to the effective conservation and management of fishing resources in the Caribbean region despite the many efforts by governments and other stakeholders. Because of IUU fishing, the government of the Commonwealth of Dominica is failing to achieve the nationally agreed fisheries management goals and objectives. If IUU fishing is not dealt with, it can lead to the collapse of a fishery or seriously impair efforts to rebuild stocks that have already been depleted,” they said.
FAO representatives are facilitating the five-day workshop attended by representatives of the fisheries and forestry division, customs and the Dominica Air and Seaport Authority among others.
Source: GIS Dominica
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 Watch this mountain lion casually cross the Foresthill Bridge Pause 0:56 A simulated drive to where 2 bodies remain trapped in the Kings River 2:01 What does ‘home' mean in Arroyo Grande? AGHS grads' play tells the story 1:56 How Peoples' Self-Help Housing and 'sweat equity' helped this mother of 2 build and own their own home 1:48 Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time 1:59 Trump calls out KKK, neo-Nazis in condemning Charlottesville violence 1:00 Best friends Smoke and Ash were rescued from the Hill Fire, and now they need a home 0:17 Firefighters work to free 2 people trapped in car that plunged over cliff, into creek 0:57 Robocall for Yes on B-17, SLO's 'nondiscrimination in housing' measure 0:14 Man caught on camera prowling outside San Luis Obispo home Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Department of Justice will stop awarding grants to sanctuary cities during a White House press briefing. "Unfortunately some states and cities have adopted policies designed to frustrate the enforcement of immigration laws," Sessions said. "These policies violate federal law," they said. The White House
Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Department of Justice will stop awarding grants to sanctuary cities during a White House press briefing. "Unfortunately some states and cities have adopted policies designed to frustrate the enforcement of immigration laws," Sessions said. "These policies violate federal law," they said. The White House
Bayard Rustin may be the most influential civil and gay rights activist that most people haven't heard of.
They were arrested for sitting in the whites-only section of a bus 12 years before Rosa Parks. They published a five-part series in the New York Post about their experience on a chain gang that led to the abolition of the practice in North Carolina. They taught Martin Luther King Jr. about non-violent resistance, assisted the bus boycott in Alabama and was a key organizer of the March on Washington. In 2013, President Barack Obama awarded them a posthumous Presidential Medal of Freedom.
And this month, Denver's LGBTQ chorus, Harmony: A Colorado Chorale, is teaming up with local R&B group Hazel Miller Band and the Arvada High School Chorale to tell their story in “Bayard Rustin: The Man Behind The Dream.”
“He just was an incredible human being for all of their 75 years on earth,” Harmony artistic director Bill Loper said. “He just lived the example of a child of God, full of light and love who embraced that they were gay and did not apologize to anyone for who they are.”
The narrative choral work, composed and arranged by Cincinnati Men's Chorus artistic director Steve Milloy, features Miller and local vocalist Mark Boykins. About 100 singers are on stage though, ranging in age from 15 to 85, Loper said.
The piece is a medley ranging from gospel and marching to funk and rap.
Performances in Denver are Saturday at 3 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. at the Antonia Brico Stage at Central Presbyterian Denver at the corner of East 17th Avenue and Sherman Street. The work also will be performed Feb. 11 at 3 p.m. at the Union Colony Civic Center in Greeley.
Denver tickets are $20 for students and seniors, $25 for adults and $50 for VIP. They can be purchased online at harmonychorale.org.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Dive Brief:
California State University - Northridge African Studies Professor Karin Stanford is refusing to return to the classroom after receiving threatening emails and messages about questions they posted on an exam following a speech from President Donald Trump. Inside Higher Ed reports one test asked students if they thought "President Trump's campaign rhetoric was frequently “anti-Mexican,” “anti-Muslim,” “anti-woman” or “all of the above.”
Another question asked if former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's concession speech broke down barriers and brought people together. The two questions were submitted to a conservative news site, and Stanford says led to a wave of threats which prompted their teaching boycott.
Stanford says that they have been using sick leave to receive pay for their extended classroom leave and that they have not received assurances from the school of how they will be protected if and when they return.
Dive Insight:
This instance underscores the growing need for campus leaders to consider the reality of online threats and bullying, not just among students but also among faculty who have public brands associated with their work and personal politics. It has multiple ramifications on how schools can respond to controversies with free speech, public safety priorities, and notions of safe space when advocacy against safe space goes too far.
Administrators who hope to avoid this kind of response from faculty and students will have to consider how resources can or should be allocated to address issues of stalking or harassment. Will they have to hire contractors to investigate digital threats, or will these tasks have to be farmed out to local police or FBI officials? Is this kind of instance something which rises to the level of a campus safety alert? If a teacher or student is threatened and then a perpetrator actually commits a crime, will media coverage suggest that the school is negligent because of the attack? Neither FERPA nor the Clery Act specifically addresses online threats — though FERPA urges campuses to increase their methods of intrusion with higher suspected dangers — so the onus falls squarely with campus leaders to ensure the campus community feels safe and is confident all threats will be taken seriously.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Red alert: the rise of the ruby
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
Movie Synopsis:
Marga, a 65 years-old woman, decides to sale the family country house in order to get the money to retire and travel with Julia, their young girlfriend. Noticing it to the family, all them reunite in the house to distribute the household goods: three sons of Marga, Casandra (a radio announcer) and their husband Gus, Héctor (a wealthy business person) and their incoming wife Ana, and Aquilles "Aki" (an unsuccessful actor) who lives in the country house writing their autobiography. The reunion completes with Julia (disguised as Marga's assistant), Leo (an old famous actor with dementia and Marga's ex-husband, father of Casandra, Héctor and Aki), and María (Casandra and Gus' daughter), a teenager girl trying to overcome their early schizo. Meanwhile Marga tries to find the way to announce their relationship with Julia to their family, Julia tries to save their marriage after Gus discovered a love affair of her, Héctor and Ana face their wedding with a terrible secret that only they know, and Aki feels.
[Noozhawk's note: First in a series of articles highlighting Santa Barbara's Man and Woman of the Year awards. The nomination period for 2013 honors is now open.]
Karin Svensson finds it difficult to ignore a hungry person. They work hard at a full-time job that often takes far more time than the standard 40 hours per week. And yet, they were willing to rise at 4 a.m. on several bitterly cold, dark mornings in January to join about 500 other volunteers to seek out and count the homeless.
The local survey was organized by Common Ground Santa Barbara County as part of the national Vulnerability Index Survey. Required by the Housing and Urban Development Department and undertaken every two years, the survey collects data that is used to obtain federal monies to combat homelessness.
Armed with flashlights, warm clothing and a survey form, Svensson set out with a designated team member to look for homeless people in the area around Milpas Street and Highway 101. They did not disturb sleepers but noted their location, intending to return at a later hour. Each brought new socks and $5 gift cards to McDonald's, Starbucks and Blenders.
Svensson and their teammate later entered a McDonald's around 5 a.m., approaching several apparent homeless individuals. Feeling intrusive, they were relieved to find that they did not mind being approached. On the contrary, they appreciated having a sympathetic ear.
From their volunteerism, Svensson discovered that the causes of homelessness are diverse and complex. Many of the people they met were victims of the recession and the personal landslide that can happen after someone loses a job, a spouse or a home. Many had been homeless for five to 10 years. Some admitted to substance abuse, such as the young man who said they had been dishonorably discharged form the Army for drug use. Others acknowledged mental health problems.
Many had grown up in the Santa Barbara area. Some were enterprising, finding ways to earn a little money gathering recyclable items. Others panhandled.
Each morning after volunteering for five hours, Svensson returned home, slept for an hour and went to work. They said they are grateful for their experience and intends to repeat it. They know that she, too, like many in the community, could become homeless. They recall the words of Sheila McKechnie, a fierce British activist for the homeless, “People who are homeless are not social inadequates. They are people without homes.”
• • •
Volunteers enrich all our lives.
Do you know a volunteer who has made a significant impact on the Santa Barbara community? You can nominate that person to be the next Man or Woman of the Year! Click here to fill out a simple online nomination form. Sponsored by the Santa Barbara Foundation, Noozhawk and KDB, nominations are open until Aug. 30.
— Suzanne Farwell represents the Santa Barbara Foundation.
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Craven Cottage
Albion fans react to to defeat against Liverpool
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa fans may have been sunning themselves in West London - but Birmingham City's defeat to Burton Albion didn't slip under the radar.
While Villa are seeing out the season in mid-table, Blues were beaten by Burton Albion as they edged closer to the Championship trap door.
Gianfranco Zola's side now desperately need a win in next week's Second City derby to pull themselves closer to safety.
And, despite Villa losing 3-1 to Fulham at Craven Cottage, the majority of fans' energies was spent singing about the struggles of their great rivals.
Chants of ‘Birmingham, are you listening…' were followed by taunts of ‘going down' as Villa fans take delight in their neighbours' plight.
Zola's side have taken just 13 points from their 22 Championship matches since the Blues hierarchy decided to dump Gary Rowett in December.
Munster's hopes of continuing their fine form into the new year have been boosted with the news Jaco Taute's stay with the province has been extended.
Springbok Taute has been a key figure in Munster's resurgence under Rassie Erasmus, and they are now set to stay at Thomond Park until June 2017.
With Francis Saili making their first start of the season in Saturday's 16-9 win over Connacht at the Sportsground, Erasmus now has two formidable international midfielders at their disposal.
Taute's loan move had been due to expire in January, and their prolonged stay will sweeten the news that Darren Sweetnam is set for six weeks on the sideline following a knee injury sustained in the Stephen's Day win over Leinster.
Tommy O'Donnell limped off in the 70th minute of Munster's win in Galway with an ankle injury, but it is not yet known if they will be fit to face Racing 92 in this weekend's rescheduled Champions Cup clash.
Munster have also confirmed they have retained the services of scrumhalf Angus Lloyd until June, after they joined on a short-term loan from Ulster at the start of November.
On the announcement of Tatue's extended deal, Erasmus said: “Thankfully all parties have successfully come together in permitting us to secure Angus and Jaco for the remainder of the season.
“We were keen to retain the services of both players as we move on to our next fixtures. With Cathal (Sheridan) continuing to rehab a long-term ankle injury and Conor (Murray) unavailable to us during the international window Angus will bolster our options at scrumhalf.
“Similarly, with Jaco already in the system, having them available as a fullback or centre will be invaluable as our backline options will need to adapt with international commitments and following recent injuries to Alex Wootton, Bill Johnston and Darren Sweetnam.”
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Stockdale believes an upturn in fortunes isn't far away for Birmingham City and hopes that the Blues fans can continue getting behind the team in the meantime.
Blues suffered their fifth defeat in seven matches with the narrow 1-0 defeat at Fulham on Saturday, a game where they passed up a wonderful chance to rescue a result when Jeremie Boga fired a penalty over the bar.
It's a torrid run of form that has left Blues in the bottom three, four points adrift of 20th placed Barnsley and with a crucial fixture with QPR to coming this weekend.
Stockdale has only been back for three games after a lay-off of more than two months, and has conceded as many goals in that time.
They believe Blues are edging closer to some much-needed form.
“Our team spirit is coming on more and you can hear the fans willing us to come a do something, a bit of magic,” Stockdale told bcfc.com .
“I know everyone's mad, angry, disappointed and I get that. I'm not saying you shouldn't be but we're doing everything we can to turn it round.
It's not easy when fans expect but I'll tell them: if they want to shout at me they can, but I feel something coming, whether they can see it or not, I just want them to stick with us.
“There were 4,057 here and you can hear them all game, it was like we're at home.
“I understand they're disappointed but I urge them to stick with us.
“It's their football club and I understand as I support a football club myself and it's in your blood.
“I'm hoping they can stick with us and in the end, at the end of the season, we say ‘that's better' and we can have a bit of pride in where we finish.”
Loan extension
Birmingham City youngster Dan Scarr will remain with League Two Wycombe Wanderers until the end of the season.
The 22-year-old had been due to return to St Andrew's in the New Year but has had their loan extended after a promising first half of the campaign.
Scarr signed for Blues from non-league Stourbridge towards the end of last season but quickly picked up an injury which curtailed their involvement with the development team set-up.
They returned to fitness over the summer and after training with the first team early on they were rewarded with a chance to join the club against whom they sprung to prominence in an FA Cup tie in January.
Since then they have done well for Gareth Ainsworth's men and has made 13 appearances and helped the Chairboys to fifth in League Two.
LARAMIE — The search has ceased for a mountain lion that had been spotted earlier today a popular city park in Laramie.
According to the Laramie Police Department, a mountain lion was seen around 2:15 pm. The lion was sighted in the area of 9th and Harney, crossing LaBonte Park.
Law enforcement officers from the Albany County Sheriff's Office, the Laramie Police Department and the Game and Fish tried to locate the animal. The search was called off around 4 pm since another sighting was not reported.
The Laramie Police Department urged residents to stay out of the area and asked to keep children and small pets indoors while the search was under way. Now, residents are asked to use caution and to report any other sightings.
Kabs Kanu and Pasco Temple: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 4 July 2018:
The latest Interview by President Maada Bio's Finance Minister Jacob Jusu Saffa to a local tabloid and the latest letter penned to stranded diplomats abroad by the Director General – as instructed by the Chief Minister Prof Francis – Regent Foreign Minister, raises concerns that they will arrest the ambassadors when they arrive in Freetown.
It has happened to some Heads and Deputy Heads of Institutions. Even the pronouncement by Information Minister Mohamed Rado Swarray describing members of the People's Congress (APC) government as criminals former, during an interview on VOA's “Night Line Africa”, without a court's verdict is unfair and raises the spectre that the diplomats could be in trouble on arrival in Freetown .
In the letter dated June 29, 2018 , an aid of the Foreign Affairs Director General threatened the diplomats that those who remain at their posts after their June 30 cut-off date (dictated in the June 29 letter) for handing over of all embassy property and returning to Freetown, do so at their own peril since their reparation funds had been sent .
This statement has left diplomats afraid that the moment they step their feet on Sierra Leonean soil, they could be arrested and taken to prison for allegedly defying the government to return to their country.
But are the diplomats really defying their government and failing wilfully to return? No! They are aware that their term of offices has expired, so they too want to move on.
The main reason that the diplomats are not home yet is that they are stranded abroad because the Bio Government did not send them the required amount of money to cover their repatriation expenses.
The monies sent by the government are not enough to cover the costs of plane tickets for them and their families and the expenses of shipping their personal belongings.
The SLPP Government rejected the estimates sent by the diplomats, contrary to normal protocols and decided to send flat rates dictated by the government to the diplomats, even though their individual circumstances differ based on the number of dependents being repatriated and the quantity of personal belongings.
The amounts sent fell far short of the total expenses for buying plane tickets and shipping their belongings home.
Without any iota of disrespect, this type of illogical action manifested in the June 29 letter, begs for the publication of the C.V. of Prof. Francis – the Regent Minister of Foreign Affairs. Where did they study? Which school was they lecturing prior to their appointment and how long was they in the Lecture room?
No sober minded person who has lived in the United Kingdom or the United States or in any modern country, would have been so brave as to issue such an instruction to educated and committed Sierra Leoneans who had given their best to their country.
Added to the insufficient repatriation monies sent, the government has made it even more impossible for the diplomats to return as scheduled by refusing to pay their June salaries.
In reprisals for not returning to Freetown yet, the Bio government told diplomats in the same letter that they “will not receive their June salaries here and will get them only when they arrive in Freetown.” This is a case of a hardy-headed leader treating educated adults like children and nonentities.
This is also the case of a bullying, insensitive, callous and heartless President and team not trying to understand the diplomats' precarious and desperate plight.
It is not only an approved strategy by the Bio government, but a continuation of harassment and consistent campaign to subdue them to subsist. For God's sake, how can you refuse paying Ambassadors, but pay the domestic staff of Ambassadors and give them five days' notice to stop their services.
The Sierra Leone law prescribed for either a month in lieu or at the end with a full month pay coupled with his/her terminal benefits.
Irrespective of Political Party affiliation, the diplomats adopted a policy to work with community groups including Political groups like the People's Congress (APC) and Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) to rebrand Sierra Leone from stigmas like war, Blood Diamond, International Fraud, Teen violence etc.
Are these the diplomats that this government would refuse to give a decent exit, though they need to go home and continue with their lives?
The diplomats cannot leave without their June salaries because they owe their landlords, banks and service-providers like the gas and electric companies in America and abroad for the month of June.
The government did not send the insufficient repatriation benefits until the 15th when the diplomats had already incurred new debts and commitments.
Would it not be criminal for the diplomats to abandon these debts and move out of their rented houses illegally and return to Sierra Leone? Were they to do that, it would be most unbecoming of diplomats and the irate landlords and service-providers could raise an outcry and take legal actions that could tarnish the international respect and reputation of our country.
These are the reasons that the ambassadors have not returned home. They are stranded abroad. The government must try and arrest this shameful impasse.
The UN, international organizations and stakeholders may ostracize the government because this callous behaviour by President Bio's men, contravenes civility and the Geneva Convention on the treatment of diplomats.
As the government continues to stick to its guns and refuse to give the diplomats their due repatriation benefits and June salary, the problem will worsen as the diplomats will owe rent and utility services for July, if they do not move out before the 15th.
From all indications, it seems like the SLPP government is taking out on the diplomats whatever grudges it is harbouring for the APC. It would also seem like the Bio government is really determined to embarrass the diplomats.
They started by firing the diplomats illegally and on social media, without following the usual diplomatic channels and protocols. They went on the rampage to blackmail them with cheap media and radio propaganda.
But the truth will only be hidden and covered for a short while. At its own time, it will twig its head and come to light.
The government will eventually end up embarrassing itself and the country, if this impasse continues and results in a scandalous diplomatic furore that will bring ill-fame and shame to the country.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Platinum Equity today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire American Traffic Solutions (ATS). Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Arizona-based ATS is a leading provider of road safety cameras and toll and violations management solutions throughout North America. The company has more than 3,500 installed school bus stop arms, red-light and speed safety cameras serving more than 30 million people. ATS's Fleet Services business provides both toll and violation management solutions to fleets and rental customers.
"ATS is a strong company with great leadership and vision, and a workforce dedicated to providing their customers with superior service," said Jacob Kotzubei, the partner at Platinum Equity whose team led the acquisition. "We expect the company will benefit from Platinum Equity's financial and operational resources, enabling continued investment in technology and new products."
ATS Chairman and Founder James Tuton said that Platinum Equity and ATS are an excellent fit.
"This is great news for the company and its customers," said Mr. Tuton. "I have spent 30 years in the business and I am confident that Platinum will be a great partner and will bring the resources and support services needed to take the company into the future."
Mr. Kotzubei also expressed enthusiasm about working with ATS President and COO David Roberts and their team going forward.
Mr. Roberts said the move will benefit ATS's long-term strategic plans.
"This transition to new ownership will position ATS for growth well into the future as we continue to provide our customers with smarter, safer transportation solutions," said Mr. Roberts. "We look forward to being part of Platinum Equity's impressive portfolio of high-performing companies."
About Platinum Equity
Founded in 1995 by Tom Gores, Platinum Equity (www.platinumequity.com) is a global investment firm with more than $11 billion of assets under management and a portfolio of approximately 30 operating companies that serve customers around the world. The firm is currently investing from Platinum Equity Capital Partners IV, a $6.5 billion global buyout fund. Platinum Equity specializes in mergers, acquisitions and operations - a trademarked strategy it calls M&A&O® - acquiring and operating companies in a broad range of business markets, including manufacturing, distribution, transportation and logistics, equipment rental, metals services, media and entertainment, technology, telecommunications and other industries. Over the past 22 years Platinum Equity has completed more than 185 acquisitions.
About American Traffic Solutions
ATS Safety is proud to be the market leader in road safety camera installations in North America. ATS Safety has more than 3,500 installed school bus stop arms, red-light and speed safety cameras serving more than 30 million people. ATS Fleet Services is a leader in providing both Toll and Violation Management Solutions to fleets and rental customers saving them time and money. For more information, please visit: www.atsol.com or atsfleetsolutions.com.
For those fans who have been riding the roller coaster known as NBA free agency, it's been an emotional time. An emotional time, which, is perfectly captured in this video from Cameron Magruder, who did a hilarious (and let's be honest very accurate) impersonation of NBA fans this month.
NBA Fans During Free Agency 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/6PIefbw9uL — Cameron Magruder (@ScooterMagruder) July 4, 2018
Even NBA players think it is perfect:
Examining the evolution of the Femme Fatale
By Brittney MacDonald, Life & Style Editor
Whenever anyone discusses stereotypes—vocally or written—it is often to criticize the way that they are specifically structured to generalize.
The generalization is what makes the stereotype so recognizable, but it is also what makes it derogatory. A stereotype is simply a character archetype—something that the audience can see or read and immediately recognize what that character's purpose is, and understand what their motivation within the plot structure could be. It is a way of saving time and exposition in regards to character development.
This process of relying on archetypes dates back centuries to when stories were presented orally and therefore had to be remembered. Within that frame, the stereotypes that we are used to havingn't really changed all that much. The hero is still the embodiment of moral good, racial stereotypes are still meant to mock and oppress, and most gendered stereotypes are still there to support the patriarchy by glorifying the idea of the female caregiver/weakened damsel contrasted to the strong, protective man. One stereotype that has evolved and changed as our oral, literary, and visual history has progressed, however, is the Femme Fatale.
Our modern notion of the Femme Fatale paints this archetype as a dangerous, morally-ambiguous woman. Narratives are often structured around the hero's seduction of her, during which they then becomes a force of good or loses their ability to be labelled as “dangerous”—or, on occassion, they are structured around their seduction of the hero, and they become their ultimate demise. Keep in mind that most narratives that involve a Femme Fatale are often heteronormative and feature a male protagonist, but not always. While plot structures do hop around, this is still the general synopsis of any story arc that features a Femme Fatale character. However, the Femme Fatale didn't start off this way.
In its earliest incarnation, the Femme Fatale was simply a woman who was either tempted to behave against society's definition of moral, or who never displayed any desire to conform to that ideal in the first place. This idea of “morality” was largely defined by Judo-Christian belief, as well as the chauvinistic definition of femininity popular at the time. Basically, it was believed that women were more susceptible to immoral behavior due to their likeness to Eve. These characters strayed from the righteous past, and then would die as a result of their actions—hence the “fatal” aspect.
We can see this in one of literature's earliest examples of the novel format, Henry James's Daisy Miller. In it we see the titular character, a young woman, who is flirtatious to a fault. Them flirtations lead them to following a man, who leads them to an area infested with “Roman Fever” (malaria), which they catch and ultimately dies. These characters were meant to be seen as cautionary—a literary representation of what would happen if a woman behaved outside what society presented as the “norm.” However, as literature evolved and became more complex, so did the Femme Fatale.
When you hear the phrase “Femme Fatale” you probably think of the definition popularized by the “Noir” genre—the detective stories, famously remembered as black and white suspense thrillers. You think of Mary Astor playing the character of Brigid O'Shaughnessy in The Maltese Falcon (1941), or Barbara Stanwyck playing Phyllis Dietrichson in Double Indemnity (1944). These women were the quintessential Femme Fatales, and were often the most compelling characters within their respective films. They were brilliant, ruthless, and seductive—but above all, they were dangerous—not just because they were sometimes murderers, but also because they presented the possibility of moral degradation on the part of the hero. They showed women an alternative to being the perfect feminine ideal, and that they were capable of being something more than just an object in need of saving. The backend is that they were a villain, so many people read the Femme Fatale as being a stereotype based off a fear of feminine sexuality, and that the stereotype is derogatory, in that it portrays any woman in charge of their own sexuality as evil. But that doesn't change the fact that the Noir Femme Fatale is quite the massive departure from Daisy Miller. Within this evolutionary phase, the Femme Fatale displays agency and complexity that puts them on the same level as the narrative's hero—they, as women, are a worthy opponent.
What began in the Noir genre was later refined in contemporary constructions of the Femme Fatale. That feared sexuality is no longer a weapon of moral degradation, but more of an innate trait to coincide with their overall impression of feminine power. With that the Femme Fatale remains a seductress, but they are usually used as a means of killing the hero—as opposed to making them run away with them
Backlash against the use of character archetypes prevents the Femme Fatale from appearing in most serious modern narratives, but she's still around. What was once used as a methodology to avoid long, drawn out character development has now become a jumping off point for just that. We can see this most prominently in video game narratives, where the shallow use of character archetypes is necessary to make a character initially appealing to a player, but over the course of the game the archetypes fade and the character becomes fully realized. One of my favourite examples of this is Overwatch's Widowmaker. Shallowly, they are a beautiful woman who kills people, and is therefore a Femme Fatale (she's even French!)—but if you're a lore junkie (like me), you're probably aware that Blizzard has slowly been revealing various aspects of the Overwatch backstory. In Widowmaker's case, they were once a woman subjected to torture, brainwashing, and experimentation by a terrorist cell. As a result, they have seemingly become a sociopath obsessed with using the act of killing as a means to feel any form of emotion. This places reason behind their actions, and gives them a distinct motivation—as opposed to one pre-conceived by a stereotype. It may not be the most complex character development, but it does put them on the path leading towards being a fully developed character.
Surprisingly, this kind of stereotype evolution is fairly exclusive to the Femme Fatale, as most stereotypes remain stagnant. So why, then, did this evolution occur? As someone who is obsessed with both classical literature and popular culture/fiction, I can theorize, but I can't present any solid concrete answer. It is probable that the Femme Fatale evolved due to society's changing impression of women and femininity in general. What was once seen as something to be monitored and carefully cultivated was later regarded with fear, because it presented a danger to masculine defined morality. That sense of danger then naturally progressed from being an exclusive type of feminine danger to becoming synonymous with an overall sense of danger. The impression of women evolved from at first simply being weak, and later being portrayed as capable in their own way of presenting a threat, and that then progressed to women being seen as human beings just as capable of violence as anyone else.
In a sense, the Femme Fatale isn't necessarily a symbol of feminine oppression, but is really a measure by which we can see the female influence within society changing and evolving.
The attempt made by the Ethiopian government to jointly build a manufacturing plant and develop the Kenticha Tantalum Mine with private firms has failed due to the cancellation of the tender floated by the Ministry of Public Enterprise, this week.
The Ministry floated an international tender a while back, inviting companies to extract tantalum and lithium minerals as well as involve in the value addition of these products in a joint venture with the Minerals Development Enterprise SC, a state enterprise under the Mining, Petroleum and Biofuel Corporation.
For years, the enterprise has been extracting tantalum mineral in Kenticha mine, located in Borena Zone of the Oromia Regional State.
In this respect, four companies had shown interest to jointly work with the government to develop the mine, which were Africa Mining Energy, Novo Lito, CCCC Industry Investment Holding and Beauty Green Plc.
According to the Enterprise, the total worth of the factory is estimated to be between US$45 and US$ 50 million. The Enterprise has so far settled around 53 hectares of land which is said to be used for the construction of the factory.
Following the interest, the Ministry has been looking into the offers made by those companies. However, as of this week, the Ministry has decided to cancel the tender and postpone it to a later date.
“We decided to cancel the bid because all the bidders failed to submit bid security document,” said Asebe Kebede, deputy director of corporate communications at the Ministry.
However, according to sources, the Ministry made such a decision due to issues surrounding the Kenticha mine yet to be resolved.
“For instance, at the moment, the mining site has stopped producing,” said the same source from the Ministry. Hence, it would not be good to proceed with the bid.
It is to be recalled that the Mine has halted production in November 2017, following the unrest in Oromia region where youths in the area were asking for the handover of the tantalum extracting sites. As a result of this, the corporation was forced to shut down the site which cost it millions of dollars.
“These problems have not been fully resolved and it will not be wise to process the tender while the problems are unresolved,” said the same source.
The corporation and particularly the Enterprise has been generating US$20 million in revenues per year from the export of tantalite concentrate. The enterprise has been producing tantalite concentrate for the past 28 years.
Currently, the enterprise has the capacity to produce 200 tons per year and has a plan to double its capacity.
-Allafrica
FOR over five weeks, medical services in public health institutions across the nation have been paralysed as a result of industrial action by health sector workers under the aegis of the Joint Health Sector Unions, JOHESU.
However, the workers have agreed to suspend the strike tomorrow.
In a chat with President of Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, which most of the striking workers are affiliated to, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, speaks on the strike and how to end industrial unrest in the health sector. The interviw was conducted before JOHESU agreed to suspend the strike.
Getting out of hand
First, this situation is getting out of hand because it has taken longer than necessary. Two, the needful has not been done, because issues of industrial relations like this require prompt and adequate attention particularly that those issues are issues related to a Collective Bargaining Agreement, CBA, that was fully signed and also a pronouncement of the Industrial Court. I am aware that those issues have taken more than three years now.
We have several agreements that have been signed, several MoUs that have been signed towards addressing the issues but every time, those agreements have not been consummated. That is why the issues have lingered for a very long time. I am also aware that the issues of cadre interests have actually come in, and that is why the issues have been prolonged.
The health system can only function if the workers work as a team, because every health worker in the team has a role and responsibility. It is only when they work harmoniously that they would be able to deliver on their mandate. Even the person cleaning the hospital has a responsibility that is very central because it is a place where you need to maintain the highest level of hygiene for the patient to receive the best of treatment. Same with a nurse; a surgeon can do the best of surgery, but if there is no quality nursing care that would ensure that the wound heals, it would be in jeopardy.
So, everybody is as important as the other. It is just like a football team, where you have a goalkeeper, the defenders, mid-fielders and the strikers. You can't say it is only the goalkeeper that is important or the strikers, no, everybody is important and it is when the team works harmoniously that they would be able to win a game. The defender is important because if you don't take care of them and you concede too many goals, if you have the best of strikers, it means the team will not work optimally. This is the same with the health system.
The health system must work as a team and in that team, everybody is very important. In fact, what is happening is long expected, when they increased the salaries of doctors two times and left the other health professionals; you should know that this issue will come up. Therefore, managing it for the past two or three years has not taken us to the final destination and therefore, it is still a challenge.
Whatever the issue, the court or sack may not address it. What will address the issue is for government to create a neutral platform; bring technocrats, lawyers and others that will look at the entire quagmire and give a pronouncement that will be fair and be in line with the best global practices to which everybody will conform. That would be the best situation not allowing the Minister or somebody that has an interest, because the Minister of Health is a physician, so, they have a vested interest.
So, my recommendation to address this issue is to get somebody that is neutral. You remember during the last administration when the issue was getting out of hand, they brought in the Secretary to the Government of the Federation to actually lead the discussion and that was how they were able to know the truth and said no.
The Ministry of Health should not have gone this way, and the unions would not have gone this way, let us look at it this way. That was how the last agreement was signed because it was also the same mistake that was made when they increased CONMESS and left out health professionals as far back as 2009. That was what brought about the issue. That was how JOHESU was formed, and because they were left out, they have to agitate. In fact, it was a long process of negotiations which led to the signing of 2009 agreement which addressed the issue.
But now, an increase has been made in a sector where there is a team work and you have not been able to accommodate the other party. Again, saying that they are demanding for the same salary structure as the medical doctors is not correct and the impression has to be made very clear. There is no way other professionals are going to be paid the same salary.
Parity
There used to be the issue of parity; even at the point of entry, they don't enter the service at the same level. Other health professionals enter the service at nine and 10, physicians or doctors enter the service at 12. So, already, at the point of entry, there is the issue of parity created. Clearly speaking, that is a deviation from the real issue. The real issue is that there is a problem, and from the discussions that I have had, nobody has said there is no issue, either government or the Ministry of Health or even the health workers.
Everybody agreed that there is a problem and that discussion is going on and that government has made an offer while the unions had made a counter-offer. So, that is the reality, going any other direction rather than tested process of collective bargaining which is enshrined in ILO Convention 87 and 98 and in our Labour Law, will not bring about peace, stability and progress in the health sector. If everybody is happy, the health sector will work optimally.
Administrators
What has happened is clearly about management process. Let me give you an example; recently, Kenya was in the same quagmire and the government took drastic decision. The first decision was to get technocrats to manage the administrative aspect of hospitals. Kenya did that, they addressed the issue and the issue died naturally. They said the issues of clinical service, professional service and management and administration are different.
The issue of core administration should be handled by competent administrators who are vast in administration. That was what Kenya did that brought about peace. This issue of muddling up administration and clinical issues has created more problems. We must also look at global best practices.
What is the situation in other countries? Ghana operates what we call single spine salary structure where every professional comes in, you fit in according to your grade level and that has addressed the issue. Same in countries like US and UK. Whereas in Nigeria, where they say if you obtain the highest level of qualification as a nurse or a pharmacist, even with a PhD, (we have Phds and professors now in Nursing care, and in pharmacy and they are appointed as consultants); but someone woke up one day and said the word ‘consultant' can only be used by a clinician.
That is not in line with the best global practices because in the UK, we have nurses that have acquired the relevant qualifications, they are called consultants in nursing services, we have consultants in pharmaceutical services. Today, Lagos State appointed a consultant in pharmaceutical services. They created a grade known as consultant pharmacist. Once you acquire the qualification and standard, you must be so appointed.
Skipping
We have the issue of double standard. If we are strictly going by the rule of law, we must apply rule of law. Take for instance the issue of skipping. The issue of skipping applies only to other health professionals, but five years back, someone woke up and said the issue of skipping which is a service wide issue, should be stopped for other health professionals.
That issue was tested in the court of law and the court said no, just as you skip from 10 to 12 in the core civil service, these workers in the other professions should be allowed to skip. That was accepted, but instead of applying that strictly to those that it applies to, they extended it and I am aware that Salaries and Wages Commission issued a circular to say that the issue of skipping is only limited to this cadre but you can see illegality and double standards. They extended it and that is also part of the problem today.
Resolution
Our recommendation is to bring in neutral people, competent lawyers, administrators and people who are neutral. Let us present the facts, let them look at them in comparison with what is obtainable in the other sphere, and then try to give a direction that government will conform with. The issue of using your position of authority to try to undermine due process or give false information, will not assist because I have seen in the media where some of those confidential information have to be provided because somebody lied that there was no agreement.
COMSTOCK TOWNSHIP, Mich (WOOD) — Comstock Fire and Rescue Chief Edward Switalski was hit and killed by a passing vehicle while responding to an “unknown accident” on eastbound I-94, Kalamazoo County authorities say.
Oshtemo Township Fire Department Chief Mark Barnes said it all started with Comstock Fire and Rescue looking for two crashes on eastbound I-94 near mile marker 81 around 10:30 p.m., after heavy rains. When they arrived, they found an empty vehicle and no injuries to report.
The Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office said as fire crews were getting ready to leave the scene, a passing vehicle lost control and hit Switalski, who was standing near the rear of their rescue vehicle.
Crews at the scene tried to revive Switalski, but were unsuccessful. They died at the scene.
The driver of the at-fault vehicle was taken to Borgess Methodist Hospital with injuries from the crash.
The incident remains under investigation, but Barnes says it should serve as a warning to other drivers.
“When we're out on these highways, the interstates and even the county roads, we're treating people that are already injured. Please, be cautious. There's already one injury, you don't want to become injured either by not paying attention,” said Barnes.
After serving more 30 years at a fire department in Chicagoland, Switalski moved to West Michigan in 2013 to be closer to their daughters, who were attending Western Michigan University.
They were sworn in on July 1, 2013, replacing a fire chief who had been with the department for more than 40 years.
“He was extremely social. You'll find them all over their Facebook page far more than most of us are in my age bracket. Absolute wonderful guy. He's a firefighter's firefighter. Really, as they came out of Illinois, they were highly active in regional events there, they brought some of those talents to us here in Kalamazoo County,” said Barnes.
The flag outside Comstock Fire and Rescue was at half staff Thursday morning in honor of its chief.
Word of Switalski's death spread quickly through the Kalamazoo County community.
“The Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Department wishes to extend their sincere condolences to the Switalski family and the Comstock Fire department in their tragic loss,” the sheriff's office said in its news release.
They weren't alone.
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to family, friends and fellow firefighters (sic) of Comstock Fire Chief Ed Switalski,” read a post on Downtown Kalamazoo Cops' Facebook page.
Anyone with information about the crash is encouraged to contact the Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office at 269.383.8748 or Silent Observer at 269.343.2100.
A warning about the level of infant mortality among illegitimate children in one mother-and-baby-home in Belfast was sounded in 1945.
The warning on the Church of Ireland home is included in the files on the North's mother-and-baby homes that are available to view at the Public Record Office of Northern Ireland (Proni).
Other files have been retained by religious orders.
In a letter to the North's ministry of finance in 1945, Maj David Anderson, the chairperson of the committee of Hopedene Hostel for unmarried mothers and their children, raised concern about “the heavy mortality figures among illegitimate children” at the home.
They also asked for “sympathetic attention” to be given to their request for financial assistance for the home.
Mr Anderson said they believed that “for want of proper supervision, many unwanted babies die because of the indifference of those who look after them”.
This matter alone, they argued, “is worthy of government consideration and enquiry”.
Mr Anderson's appeal for financial support for the home in Dundela Avenue in the Strandtown area of Belfast was rejected by the ministry, who suggested that they instead contact the ministry of health.
In response, Mr Anderson said that, as suggested, they would appeal to the maternity and child welfare committee of the city's corporation.
But they stressed again that the infant mortality figures among illegitimate children “are alarming, leading one to the conclusion that many of these unwanted children are allowed to die”.
Salvation Army
Another Proni file relates to the Salvation Army in Northern Ireland and contains correspondence between the organisation and the prime minister's office.
One letter refered to the Salvation Army's Thorndale House, a mother-and-baby home which was based at Duncairn Avenue in Belfast.
Written in 1959, it states that they “usually have about 40 girls in the home and 20 to 30 babies and young children”.
The Salvation Army was unable to supply other statistics or documents relating to its residential units for mothers and babies in Northern Ireland.
A spokesperson on behalf of The Salvation Army told Detail Data: “We were one of a number of churches, charities and social agencies working in partnership with social services and health services and provided residential units for mothers and babies.
“There were extreme social pressures on young women and their families to give a child up for adoption or fostering. Social pressures have evolved, as has the social welfare system. Our policy was that adoption outside the birth-family should be a last resort.
“Due to data protection rules, we are unable to provide national statistics on the women who stayed in these residential units.
“Our Family Tracing Service has an established track record of finding people and would work to trace individuals and family members if contacted.”
The spokesperson added that the Salvation Army supported the call for an inquiry into Northern Ireland's mother-and-baby homes.
1:50 SLO County poet laureate Jeanie Greensfelder reads 'At Sweet Springs Preserve' Pause
1:15 Hiking Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
1:23 At Georgia Brown Elementary in Paso Robles, students learn in English and Spanish
0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities
1:46 Discovery SLO's vision: Bowling alley, concerts, food and more — all in one spot
4:30 Season highlights for Mission Prep's County Player of the Year Carter Gran
1:06 Water races down Nacimiento Lake's main spillway
PARKLAND, Fla. - Prosecutors on Wednesday released cell phone videos of Parkland gunman Nikolas Cruz planning the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that left 17 people dead.
“You're all going to die. Pew pew pew. I can't wait,” Cruz says to the camera in one chilling video.
In the clips, they introduce themselves as "Nick, the next school shooter of 2018," then names the type of gun they will use to carry out the shooting -- an AR-15 rifle.
In another video, they say that the shooting "will be a big event," and everyone will know him. Cruz also lays out part of their plan -- to take an Uber to the school.
Prosecutors said they will seek the death penalty in the case. They said the videos clearly show that they had meticulously planned the shooting.
In other clips, Cruz talks about their state of mind. "I am nothing," "my life is meaningless," and "I hate everyone and everything," Cruz says in different videos.
They end one of the videos, professing their love for someone named Angie. It's unclear who they are, but Cruz says they look forward to meeting them in the afterlife.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Nigerian Presidency: No Squeaky Clean Honcho So Far -By Arinbomen Star
Politics always has some tinge of dirty business as a functional component. However, the pervasiveness of the murky tinge is a function of the level of unconscionableness of the politicians involved, and the permissiveness of their climes to political sharp practice. Its characteristic tinge of murky business notwithstanding, politics in civilized climes is often geared towards engendering enduring national development; and fostering prosperity among the citizens. The masses have been the Cinderella of Nigeria's social stratification for too long, owing to the failure of Nigerian political leaders to act out their professed patriotism. Patriotism transcends taking a televised oath of allegiance to one's country and to the citizenry at the behest of the constitution. True patriotism is a propelling influence, an inner drive to honour the letter and the spirit of the oath of allegiance one has sworn.
The end of one political dispensation ushers in a new one; one political honcho hands the national rudder to another; the Nigerian tale remains the same, save the progressive widening of the dichotomy between the rich and the poor. Nigeria's growth as a nation has stagnated; while their pride of place in the committee of nations has been sullied by misplaced political interests. Most of our political leaders seek the reins of power for selfish motives- pecuniary advantage and opportunity to wield state powers. They take so much from the country with no desire to give back to the system. What a warped disposition!
The founding fathers of the Nigerian State, out of their genuine yearning for a Nigeria that is free of the tangle of colonialism, fought gallantly for the emancipation of our dear country. Their struggle culminated in our independence; but the price of the long-drawn-out tussle was the precious blood of many of those heroes. Rather than upholding our unanimous resolve to ensure that the Nigeria those heroes dreamt about comes into being: “The labour of our heroes past shall never be in vain”; some of our leaders chose to desecrate the memories of those heroes through misplaced interests. Partisanship and selfish interests soon supervened and scuttled the burgeoning gains of our hard-earned independence. One military coup led to the other until we eventually opted for a democratic system of government. Nevertheless, there has been no let-up in the leadership crisis bedeviling Nigeria. This is attributable to the fact that we haven't learnt any good lesson from our woes and shortcomings as a nation. We have kept on recycling chips off the old block as our national leaders. Suffice it to say that none of our political honchos thus far can be said to have had a clean slate while they reigned.
The government of the day came on board by inveigling themselves into the affection of the citizenry. They capitalized on the vulnerabilities of the Nigerian masses- poverty and ignorance; and manipulated the sensibilities of the supposedly well-informed Nigerians. They presented the Trojan horse to the unsuspecting Nigerians, who accepted it with no scintilla of scruples and celebrated with unprecedented fanfare. I suppose the hollowness of that gusto has ultimately dawned on Nigerians, albeit belatedly. So far, the government of the day has left no stone unturned in a desperate bid to maintain its facade of ‘immaculate presidency', even at the expense of the fundamental rights of the citizens. Perhaps these reigning political gladiators are oblivious of the fact that some eagle-eyed spectators have insights into goings-on behind the facade they are fighting ‘gallantly' to uphold.
The honcho of the current political dispensation, President Muhammadu Buhari, has harped so much on their professed integrity that it has become trite, as far as well-meaning Nigerians are concerned. The initial excitement that attended those periodic peals of hackneyed integrity mantra, particularly within the circle of their stalwarts, has been on the wane in recent times. It appears those peals of perfectionistic rhetoric now draw the ire of Nigerians with as much intensity as they earlier evoked their excitement. Nevertheless, with an idiosyncratic proclivity, the President has continued to seize upon every opportunity to trot out their “allergic to corruption” cliché. At official functions within and without the Aso Rock, the outburst has been the same.
Every leader is expected, besides possessing other sterling leadership qualities, to be above board. If this is true, why does the President have to rend the airwaves with their ‘squeaky clean' cliché? By deductive reasoning, I think it is their covert way of saying they are better than their predecessors, with respect to moral uprightness. How true is this claim? It is important to understand that the true indices for assessing a leader are not the contents of their words; but their actions, decisions and choices. One of the challenges of most Nigerian politicians is their parochial appreciation of the concept of corruption. Corruption in the Nigerian parlance is appreciated as the acquisition of filthy lucre. In its real sense, however, corruption encompasses all forms of impropriety, that is, illegality or dishonesty in actions and dispositions. If corruption is apprehended from this holistic standpoint, I guess Nigerian politicians will exercise some scruples before vociferating their self-acclaimed integrity.
Since they took up the reins of power, the President has resorted to myriads of political antics to absolve themselves of the current woes of the country; and to maintain a facade of ‘the shining knight of the Nigerian political landscape'. Several alibis have been churned out from the presidential quarters, about how this political dispensation had been outside the corridors of power while the country was riddled with its current tribulations. To further corroborate their alibis, the President and their team have also deployed the ‘blame game' strategy. Everything that goes awry under their watch is blamed on the wrong foundation laid by the erstwhile political regime; however, they do not dither to take the credit for every laudable feat that the nation achieves under their watch. This is sheer political hypocrisy and covert manipulation of the sensibilities of Nigerians.
Nigerians did not entrust the President with the mandate to educate them about the precariousness of the country's affairs. It is superfluous to remind Nigerians of the challenges bedeviling the country. President Buhari secured the mandate to lead the country because they claimed that they had the panacea for Nigeria's predicament; and that, together with their “team of technocrats”, they would fix the seemingly intractable challenges in Nigeria. What Nigerians expect of the president is to keep their nose to the grindstone and deliver on those promises. What is even more appalling and infuriating is the current imbroglio within the ruling party about the President's political bid for 2019 presidential election. Why should a leader ask for a fresh mandate when they had not justified the extant mandate given to them? Clearly, the President overestimated their capability to function as the honcho of Nigeria's apex political office. They bit off more than they could chew when they reeled of those campaign promises to Nigerians. They obviously misconstrued the link between personal integrity, the trappings of office and leadership acumen. Neither personal integrity nor the trappings of office can substitute for leadership acumen.
Under the watch of the current honcho of Nigeria's apex political office, lots of illegalities, sharp practice and foul play have been perpetrated. If meticulously chronicled, I suppose they will influence a reconsideration of their much touted moral uprightness. Despite flagging off the campaign for attitudinal change among Nigerians: “Change Begins with Me”, the President's actions thus far smack of nepotism and favouritism. A considerable portion of our common wealth has been squandered on their medical tourism, while our national health care system lies in squalor. Besides, this administration has created a safe haven for corrupt politicians within its political fold, and for outcast politicians from other parties who accept to join forces with the ruling party; while making scapegoats of those who chose to maintain their allegiance to their parties. Our security forces and anti-graft agencies have been converted into a political watchdog and state machinery for achieving political retribution; and state-owned media houses are being deployed as the government's mouthpiece.
If we truly desire to realize the Nigeria that our founding fathers dreamt about and paid a steep price to lay its foundation; if we truly desire to reap the dividends of our hard-earned democracy; then we must reroute the course of our politics in the right direction. Nigerian politics should become geared towards engendering lasting national development and fostering the uplift of the citizens. Nigerian politicians should eschew politics of selfishness and partisanship. The quest for political leadership should be informed by a compelling drive for good service to the country; and a yearning to leave indelible footprints in the nation's sand of time. This is a clarion call to Nigerian politicians and the citizenry at large; let's rise to challenge of rebuilding our fatherland through the instrumentality of unalloyed patriotism, integrity and industry.
Arinbomen Star,
Ibadan.
[email protected]
Related
Comments
comments
In Frostpunk, a new snowy city-builder by This War of Mine studio 11 Bites that is out today, the player develops a city in a frozen wasteland. You must fuel the churning generator at the heart of your town,feeding it enough coal to keep your people alive. The cold is your first and greatest foe, and it's my favorite part of the game.
I love being cold. I'm obsessed with polar exploration and the frigid nothingness at the ends of the world. It's a romantic notion, the privilege of someone who's never really grappled with deadly cold, but I love how low temperatures make the things around me hard and present, let me know the limits of my skin. My love of the cold comes from the years I spent living on a boat and working outdoors, when for a big chunk of the year being cold was something I just had to live with. I'd wake up with my sheets frozen to the wall, spend days bundled up as best I could against sleet and snow. I came to respect and ultimately love the effort it took to move my body through each frozen day, a determination summer doesn't require.
Your little townspeople in Frostpunk don't feel the same way. The cold makes them cranky, lowering the game's hope and raising their discontent meters. Eventually the cold makes people sick, especially when the temperature drops drastically over the course of the game's campaign. Your city expands in circles around your central generator, and each building has a heat level that affects how it functions given how far from the generator it's placed. Certain homes will be unlivable if placed too far away, or certain buildings can't operate. You can research warmer houses, better workplace heaters, or how to expand your generator's power, but these all cost resources I regularly lacked. The game's thermal overlay lets you know how bad things are getting.
Advertisement
I've been playing Frostpunk for a few days, starting cities, establishing laws and seeing how deep this so-called society survival sim gets. While you can't zoom into Frostpunk as much as I'd like, your buildings are full of excellent details of people desperate for warmth. Tiny fires burn amid clusters of tents, windows flicker with candlelight, and smoke rises from chimneys and drifts with the wind. Your citizens struggle with the transformation of Earth into a snowy wasteland, and they cling to anything that reminds them of the old times. Fighting arenas and public houses raise their mood, and churches or police forces keep order, but nothing seems to be quite as bolstering—or as necessary—as having light and heat close at hand.
More than the game's details of warmth, I love the details of cold. I love the snow piled on roofs and streets, the paths my citizens tread each day to the sawmills and coal mines so far from the generator's hum. I love the limits snow creates on the world, how desperately my town glows amid it. This is a city-builder you're meant to play more than once, crafting a town and a society in the hopes it won't fail. But failure does come. The game's regular cold spells have been run-ending disasters in my Frostpunk attempts, my screen going icy at the edges when I'm the least prepared. I despaired for my virtual city, but I enjoyed the crackling sound effects of ice forming. Cold is your enemy, but it's also the element that makes the whole game exist. Its limits are the space within which your city and all the game's tense possibilities thrive.
Advertisement
Kotaku Game Diary Daily thoughts from a Kotaku staffer about a game we're playing.
In one of my Frostpunk games, hope dipped too low and I couldn't turn things around. I got deposed as leader and sent to die in the snow. Most citizens were impassive or glad to be rid of me, reflecting that at least I'd die quickly in the tundra. After a game spent constantly falling behind, solving one problem only to cause another, a quiet death in the ice didn't feel entirely like a failure. It seemed peaceful and a lovely, a fitting acknowledgement of my favorite part of the game.
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through their hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
They and their soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; they moved out two years ago and their husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," they said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," they said.
With the couple splitting up, they can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and their husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
BRUNSWICK COUNTY, NC (WWAY) — The Sergei Foundation is a North Carolina non-profit committed to saving the lives of family pets and is expanding to Brunswick and New Hanover counties.
Since being founded in Winston-Salem in 2009, the foundation has helped more than 600 families and raised thousands of dollars. It's primary focus is to obtain critical veterinary care and to avoid unnecessary euthanasia or surrender of pets to shelters or rescues.
- Advertisement -
Founder Karen Fullerton says the group is a state-wide organization already, and is now ready to serve Brunswick and New Hanover Counties.
The Sergei Foundation's programs are unique. Most other rescues or welfare non-profits do not provide funding for pet care once the animal has been adopted and labeled a “companion pet.” If they do it is minimal and does not typically cover diagnostics. The foundation fills these gaps so pets are not left to suffer inhumanely at home without treatment, are surrendered to over-crowded shelters, or are euthanized due to lacking finances.
If you would like to volunteer or need assistance, visit their website here, contact them on Facebook or email info@sergeifoundation.org
Betloy is one of the most powerful football prediction website on the net. It provides impressive results that can make your win the bets as simple as possible.
A lot of people thing that to win a bet you will only need to be lucky, to foresee the future or like in the movie Back to the Future, to have a special magazine that tells you all the scores. Although a little bit of luck did not ruin anyone, betting is full of mathematical science algorithms. If you could understand and apply these complicated mathematical formulas, then you can forecast with a great probability the end result of any sport game. Moreover, you would be able to discern much more information from analyzing the past games. Unfortunately, these algorithms are quite complicated, and you cannot do football predictions from your home. Even if you have access to all the data, and you know how to implement the raw data into the algorithms, you will need a powerful computer to sprout out results that can be later used for betting. Let me tell you about the Best soccer prediction site, that offers their services at a reasonable price.
Betloy is the most advanced betting prediction site that can be used by anyone who wants to win money for betting. Unlike other predictions websites, Betloy will guide their users to earn a good winning each time they bet. No matter what your preferred league is, Betloy has deep analysis on all major competitions around the world, including English premier league, Spanish la Liga, German Bundesliga, Italian Serie A, French Ligue 1 or the Brazilian league. Actually, Betloy provides information for over 50 leagues. Betloy has helped millions of punters around the world to win on a weekly basis, and hence have a living only on their punting activity. You can use Betloy for free, but you will not have access to the important features of Betloy. To find out the prices for higher stakes betting, you can visit the Betloy website. Betloy has also developed an Android app that you can use to find out what are the bet9ja booking codes that you should bet on. Check the Sportpesa Today games and start winning money by betting on the right team. Betloy will help you do just that.
Unlike other similar websites, Betloy has been selected the best betting predictions website last year, due to high-quality services.
About Betloy:
Betloy is the best football prediction website in the world. It provides important information for all punters.
Contact:
Company Name: Betloy
Address: 15 Lubumbashi Street, Abuja, Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria
Phone: +234 813 839 8956; +254 711353882
Email: hello@betloy.com
Website: https://betloy.com
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
During their time in space, Cooper made an incredible discovery — anomalies they believed were shipwrecks. They meticulously noted them and created what some are calling a treasure map from space.
When Cooper fell sick with Parkinson's, their longtime friend Darrell Miklos says they gave them their maps to fulfill their explorations. Cooper passed away in 2004.
“I think they knew their demise was coming, so they gave me the information prior to their death and said, ‘Anything ever happens to me, you make sure you finish this,'” Miklos told Fox News.
Miklos became close with Cooper after years of sharing an office space in California, when they bonded over a shared passion for exploration.
“From the mid-'90s till their passing, we always talked about treasure, but [it was] not till 2002 that they revealed to me that they had all these files for decades,” Miklos said. “I'm privileged to be the only man with these files.”
Now, Miklos stars in the new Discovery Channel docuseries “Cooper's Treasure.” The show follows Miklos as they decode and follows Cooper's maps in hopes of uncovering hundred-year-old shipwreck material and treasure.
The maps were created while Cooper was navigating the globe on their Mercury 9 Faith 7 flight. At the time, they were possibly on a mission to look for nuclear threats during the Cold War era, Miklos said.
“They were utilizing some kind of long-range detection equipment to look for nuclear threats. With that, their acute vision [and] possible cameras, they started identifying things that looked like shipwreck material,” Miklos said. “Once they had written all the coordinates down, they went back to earth and put together this incredible treasure map from space on a sea chart.”
With a detailed map and archival research files, Miklos and a crew of professionals explored parts of the Caribbean searching for the wrecks. The team used a magnetometer to identify shipwreck areas and then dived down for a closer inspection using a metal detector.
“We cherry-picked five anomaly readings, did a search and identify mission, and we are five for positively identified shipwrecked material — and there are hundreds,” Miklos said. “So the first five, they were exactly right on the money. They had it right from the beginning.”
Miklos described the sites as “historical shipwrecks of the colonial period.”(Lindsay Carlton)
Link: http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2017/04/17/nasa-astronauts-space-treasure-map-sparks-hunt-for-caribbean-wrecks.html
1:50 SLO County poet laureate Jeanie Greensfelder reads 'At Sweet Springs Preserve' Pause
1:15 Hiking Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve
0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities
1:46 Discovery SLO's vision: Bowling alley, concerts, food and more — all in one spot
2:02 How Grizzly Run Club helps students build emotional strength, confidence
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle at the Piedras Blancas rookery
1:11 Wet winter brings wildflower 'super bloom' to the California desert
1:23 At Georgia Brown Elementary in Paso Robles, students learn in English and Spanish
1:54 TSA releases video on what to expect during airport pat-downs in wake of controversy
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Doubleview Capital Corp. ("Doubleview") (TSX VENTURE: DBV) announces that complete analytical results have now been obtained for all core samples from recent drilling programs at its Hat Project in northwestern British Columbia.
Drill hole H-23, parts of which were previously announced, intercepted
456.28 m at 0.20 g/t Gold, 0.24% Copper, and 0.5 g/t Silver, (0.38% CuEq) of a longer mineralized intersection of
514.90 m at 0.18 g/t Gold, 0.21% Copper, and 0.45 g/t Silver, (0.34% CuEq).
Drill hole H-26 intercepted
261.13 m of mineralization at 0.16 g/t Gold, 0.24% Copper and 0.31 g/t Silver, (0.35% CuEq) of a longer
514.41m mineralized intersection of 0.14 g/t Gold, 0.19% Copper and 0.43 g/t Silver, (0.28% CuEq).
The recent drill holes extend the Lisle Zone mineralization 75m to the east. The limits of the Lisle Zone have not been determined.
Drill hole H-24, located 997m northwest of hole H-26, is believed to be an extension of the Lisle Zone anomaly "A" but continuity is yet to be demonstrated.
The Hat Project, located 95 km southwest of Dease Lake and 475 km north of Smithers, B. C., is a gold-copper alkalic porphyry-type mineral deposit with apparent grades similar to those of several currently operating porphyry-type mines, and porphyry deposits(1) in the interior of British Columbia. Doubleview acquired the Hat property in 2011 and subsequently conducted technical surveys and since 2013 has drilled 10,281.3 metres in 30 drill holes. The 3561.4 hectare property is fully permitted.
The "Lisle Zone" that was discovered in 2013 has been the focus of recent drilling. The Company and its associates believe that a mineral deposit with minimum dimensions of approximately 350 metres by 330 metres and apparent thickness of 395 metres has been indicated and recent drill holes have continued to expand the "footprint." True thickness has not yet been determined. Several parts of the Hat Property with similar characteristics remain to be tested.
President and CEO, Mr. Farshad Shirvani, stated, "Doubleview continues to advance the Hat Project and is greatly encouraged by the current strength of global metal markets driven by robust economic growth and, in particular, by uncertainties in copper supplies. The Hat property is located in a stable political jurisdiction and has very favourable logistics."
The accompanying table shows composites of analyses from recent drill holes: DDH From To Length Au Cu Ag Cu Eq (m) (m) (m) (g/t) (%) (g/t) (%) H023* 24.1 539 514.9 0.18 0.21 0.45 0.34 H023 including 56.72 513 456.28 0.2 0.24 0.5 0.38 H023 and 67.9 400.27 332.37 0.25 0.29 0.55 0.46 H023 and 270.62 367.3 96.68 0.38 0.51 0.36 0.77 H023 and 303.33 346.15 42.82 0.54 0.68 0.47 1.04 H024 3 139 136 0.1 0.11 0.44 0.18 H024 including 3 77 74 0.17 0.19 0.59 0.31 H024 and 3 36.5 33.5 0.38 0.42 1.02 0.69 H024 and 3 26.5 23.5 0.52 0.59 1.22 0.95 H024 and 3 7 4 2.62 3.19 4.0 4.96 H024 234 236 2 0.12 0.32 3.0 0.43 H025 No significant values H026 7.62 522.03 514.41 0.14 0.19 0.43 0.28 H026 including 7.62 27.8 20.18 0.41 0.39 2.54 0.68 H026 and 189.8 522.03 332.23 0.16 0.22 0.27 0.33 H026 including 189.8 308.37 118.57 0.22 0.25 0.18 0.39 H026 and 252.86 287 34.14 0.28 0.44 0.34 0.63 H026 and including 260.9 522.03 261.13 0.16 0.24 0.31 0.35 H026 and including 260.9 310.47 49.57 0.26 0.39 0.26 0.56 H026 and 454.86 522.03 67.17 0.15 0.35 0.58 0.45 H027, H028, H029, H030 to be reported later. * Partial results were reported 3/Feb/2015. **True widths unknown
Drill Plan is located on the website of the company at: http://www.doubleview.ca/projects/hat-gold-rich-porphyry-copper/hat-lisle-zone-drill-plan/
Note: dimensions are reported in metric units. CuEq% is a variable calculation using current prices: gold @ $1230/ounce, silver @ $18/ounce and copper @ $2.72/lb. and should not be relied upon in a valuation of the Hat deposit.
Measured and Indicated Resources - Similar British Columbia porphyry deposits
Operating Mine Gold
M. Oz. Copper
M. Tonnes Silver
M. Oz. Red Chris Mine 11.6 2.5 36.8 Mt Milligan Mine 5.7 1 Gibraltar Mine 2.3 New Afton Mine 2.4 0.94 7.0 Copper Mountain Mine 2.27
Reference: sources -- published figures, various websites
Quality Assurance and Quality Control
All Hat Property drill core samples were prepared and analysed following rigourous QA/QC procedures. Drill cores were sampled on site by sawing the core lengthwise and placing one half securely in a sample bag that was subsequently forwarded by commercial carriers to a fully accredited analytical laboratory. The remaining half core was stored on the property for possible future reference. At the laboratory samples were dried and then crushed to 70% passing an 80 micron screen. A representative portion of the undersize was pulverized and a 0.5 gram sub-sample was processed by 3:1 Aqua Regia digestion followed by ICP-AES/MS analysis for 51 elements. Doubleview, in order to monitor the reliability of the laboratory's procedures and instruments, inserted certified standard samples into the sample stream and the laboratory performed and reported duplicate analyses of Hat Project samples as well as analyses of their own standard and blank samples.
Erik Ostensoe, P. Geo., a consulting geologist and Doubleview's Qualified Person with respect to the Hat Project as defined by National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects, has reviewed and approved the technical contents of this news release.  They are not independent of Doubleview as they are both a shareholder and a co-optioner of the Hat Property.
Cautionary Note: No mineral resources have been defined at the Hat Property and there is no assurance that further work will result in the Lisle Zone, or other zones if present, being delineated as resources.
About Doubleview Capital Corp.
Doubleview Capital Corp., a mineral resource exploration and development company, is based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and is publicly traded on the TSX-Venture Exchange (TSX VENTURE: DBV) ( OTCBB : DBLVF) (GER: A1W038) ( FRANKFURT : 1D4). Doubleview identifies, acquires and finances precious and base metal exploration projects in North America, particularly in British Columbia. Doubleview increases shareholder value through acquisition and exploration of quality gold, copper and silver properties and the application of advanced state-of-the-art exploration methods. The Company's portfolio of strategic properties provides diversification and mitigates investment risk.
On behalf of the Board of Directors,
Farshad Shirvani, President & Chief Executive Officer
Forward-Looking Statements
Information set forth in this news release contains forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions as of the date of this news release. These statements reflect management's current estimates, beliefs, intentions and expectations. They are not guarantees of future performance. Doubleview cautions that all forward looking statements are inherently uncertain and that actual performance may be affected by a number of material factors, many of which are beyond Doubleview's control. Such factors include, among other things: risks and uncertainties relating to Doubleview's limited operating history and the need to comply with environmental and governmental regulations. Accordingly, actual and future events, conditions and results may differ materially from the estimates, beliefs, intentions and expectations expressed or implied in the forward looking information. Except as required under applicable securities legislation, Doubleview undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking information.
NEITHER TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE NOR ITS REGULATION SERVICES PROVIDER (AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN THE POLICIES OF THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE) ACCEPTS RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASE.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/15/11G130383/Images/HatLisle-02b896b2801e9e05b593360af4105a12.jpg
Jon Huntsman, Sr. looks on during a book signing at Deseret Books Friday, Oct. 3, 2014, in Salt Lake City. Rick Bowmer / AP file
- Advertisement -
The elder Huntsman and their family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears theirs name.
“Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated,” Huntsman wrote in their 2014 autobiography. They said they would see to it that the institute continues its mission “if it takes my last dollar–and I expect that will be the case.”
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. They formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated their companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from their role in December and their son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. Their father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairperson emeritus.
“He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as their greatest accomplishments,” Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing their fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both their parents to cancer and fought their own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
They also wielded their power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials “inept and uncaring.” The director and CEO was reinstated a week after their firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
Words fail to describe the impact of Jon Huntsman Sr. Though their legacy of service, charitable causes and commitment to cancer research will live on their loss is heartbreaking. #utpol pic.twitter.com/MhQmu2JDqy— Rep. John Curtis (@RepJohnCurtis) February 2, 2018
The billionaire and their family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
They also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran their own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairperson for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for their son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 billion to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
With Jon Huntsman's passing, we lose a Lion of Utah. Ann and I will profoundly miss our good friend's broad smile, their hearty handshake and their example of faith, honor, and integrity. See my full statement on Facebook: https://t.co/vhSpbQ6EN2— Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) February 2, 2018
Following their son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
Their son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named their father chairperson emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. They met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in their autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that their “legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness” would be a beacon for many around the world.
Saddened to learn Jon Huntsman Sr. has passed. Their impact on Utah and the fight against cancer shall never be forgotten. They cared deeply about their family and the greater good of our community. God bless the Huntsman family. — Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) February 2, 2018
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when their then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from their driveway. The teenager was forced to call their father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. They were later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where they met their wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by their wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
Mass killer Dylann Roof will have a closed-door competency hearing to determine if they will continue to represent themselves in the penalty phase of their trial, a judge ruled Monday.
US District Judge Richard Gergel in Charleston, SC, cited the widespread use of social media in the case and said he'd have to sequester jurors if they opened up the proceedings.
“I can't walk down the street without hearing people talk about this case,” the judge said.
But they promised to release a transcript after Roof is sentenced.
“This is an incredibly sensitive moment in this proceeding,” Gergel said. “We are putting in the hands of 12 people the life and death of a person.”
Journalists and family members of the nine slaying victims protested the decision.
During a court hearing last week, the 22-year-old Roof said they would make an opening statement in Tuesday's start of the penalty phase of their trial, but they would offer no new evidence or witnesses to speak on their behalf.
Their defense attorney, David Bruck, whose only role has been as standby counselor, immediately asked for a competency hearing to see if Roof still has the capacity to represent himself.
“This defendant's announcement (on Wednesday) that they will not defend themselves against the death penalty — following a government presentation that is expected to involve more than 38 additional witnesses and hundreds more exhibits — raises in especially stark fashion the question of whether the defendant is actually unable to defend himself,” Bruck wrote in a motion regarding the Monday hearing.
After Gergel accepted the motion, Roof underwent a battery of tests by forensic psychiatrist James Ballenger, who conducted a similar examination in November.
Ballenger requested the first competency hearing after Roof demanded the dismissal of their team of four lawyers, who offered a mental health defense. Roof was able to block the psych defense and act as their own counsel. In December, a jury found Roof guilty of fatally shooting nine black people and wounding another during their 2015 attack on Charleston's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church.
Roof, a white supremacist, confessed to the massacre, saying they wanted to start a race war.
Federal prosecutors have asked for the death penalty in the case.
Jurors will be required to weigh death versus a sentence of life imprisonment.
With Post wire services
CLEVELAND — The Indians are working on a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller's sore right knee.
Miller, on the disabled list for the second time this season, visited a specialist on Tuesday in New York. Manager Terry Francona said Wednesday they intend to meet with Miller, the team's medical staff and president Chris Antonetti to "map out what we want to do."
Francona anticipates the team releasing more information Thursday, when the club opens a four-game series in Minnesota.
Antonetti says that surgery is not currently an option.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A review of building regulations covering fire safety was promised by Theresa May's chief of staff last year but has not been published.
Gavin Barwell told MPs in October that part B of the regulations would be reviewed following the investigation into the fatal 2009 Lakanal House fire in south-east London.
The review has not been published and fire safety experts claimed the Government's desire to cut red tape could have prevented ministers introducing new safety measures.
The Department for Communities and Local Government insisted it was "simply not true" to suggest that ministers had "sat" on the review and work was ongoing.
In October Mr Barwell, who was housing minister at the time, told the Commons: "We have publicly committed ourselves to reviewing part B following the Lakanal House fire."
Officials said the work followed a recommendation from the coroner in the Lakanal House inquest that the "guidance relating to fire safety" within the building regulations should be "simplified".
Former chief fire officer Ronnie King, honorary secretary of the all-party parliamentary group on fire safety and rescue, said the regulations "badly need updating" and "three successive ministers have not done it".
Asked why they thought the review had not been produced, they said: "My own thinking is there was the red tape challenge and they don't really want to put regulation on to businesses, adding a burden.
"It's one of those that if you bring in a new regulation, you have got to give three up to get it."
Asked if they thought the red tape challenge was putting people at risk, they said: "I think where fire safety is concerned, it ought to be reconsidered, this 'one in, three out'."
They told the Press Association it was "sad that we always have to go to stable-door legislation" after a tragedy.
The all-party parliamentary group had recommended fitting sprinklers to buildings to save lives.
"Buildings like the one today over 30 metres, when they are new, would require fire suppression installed. But there are 4,000 older tower blocks in the UK that don't have sprinklers.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
"There are people who would argue that it's too costly and there are other measures that could have been done, but it's a fact that people don't die in sprinkler buildings."
Six people died in the Lakanal House fire in 2009 and the coroner who held the inquest into their deaths in 2013 wrote to ministers setting out their concerns.
As well as calling for a review of part B, Judge Frances Kirkham recommended that the Government should "encourage providers of housing in high-rise residential buildings" to "consider the retrofitting of sprinkler systems".
Paul Fuller, chief fire officer for Bedfordshire and chairperson of the Fire Sector Federation, said sprinklers could have helped at Grenfell Tower.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They told BBC Radio 4's World At One: "We know that sprinklers are effective. Also, sprinklers will make the environment more survivable by containing the fire and containing the smoke.
"But they are not a total solution. We also have to make sure that passive protection measures - things like the structure of the building and the fire resistance of the building - are all properly in place as well."
They added that the federation has been calling for a review of part B of the building regulations "for a number of years now" to ensure they "meet the needs of a modern society using modern methods of construction and who use buildings differently from the way we used to 30 or 40 years ago".
Former minister and ex-firefighter Mike Penning said: "People have been calling, I think probably rightly, for sprinklers to be installed for many, many years under many different governments.
"At the end of the day, what we have got to check is that the existing regulations have been adhered to."
Asked about the delay in the building regulations review, the Tory MP told BBC Radio 4's World At One: "I don't know the circumstances. I think it's much too early to start putting blame at anyone's door."
A DCLG spokesperson said: "Our thoughts are with the residents and families of everyone caught up in this dreadful event. We stand ready to help in any way possible as the emergency services continue to stabilise the situation.
"The London Fire Brigade will be conducting their investigation and at this stage it would not be appropriate to comment on the cause of the fire."
Officials said work on the building regulations review was ongoing, and the Government had written to councils encouraging them to consider retrofitting sprinklers as recommended by the coroner following the Lakanal inquest.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mohamed Salah's outstanding goalscoring season continued apace with four in Liverpool's 5-0 win over Watford on Saturday.
The Egypt forward moved clear of Tottenham's Harry Kane into the outright lead for the Premier League Golden Boot on 28 goals.
Here's a statistical look at Salah's season.
Salah needs only two more Premier League goals to reach 30 for the season. The feat has been achieved only nine times before in the Premier League era, by seven different players – and three of those came in 42-game seasons in the days when there were 22 teams in the top flight.
Salah's next goal will take them level with Didier Drogba for the most prolific Premier League season by an African player. Drogba scored 29 for Chelsea in 2009-10.
With their four goals against Watford, Salah overtook Fernando Torres' record for the most goals in a debut season with Liverpool – they now have 36 in all competitions, to Torres' 33 in 2007-08.
Despite Salah's prolific season, Saturday was their first Liverpool hat-trick.
They became only the fourth Liverpool player to score four goals in a Premier League game. Robbie Fowler and Michael Owen achieved the feat twice apiece, and Luis Suarez was the most recent to do so against Norwich in December 2013.
Salah has scored more Premier League goals this season than West Brom (24), Huddersfield, Swansea (both 25) or seventh-placed Burnley (27) and is level with Brighton's total of 28.
They have scored 23 goals with their left foot alone.
SALAH SAYS SORRY
Mohamed Salah apologised to Watford goalkeeper Orestis Karnezis after firing four goals past them in Liverpool's 5-0 victory.
Salah was in such clinical form that they felt compelled to say sorry to the Hornets stopper after their starring role at Anfield.
They were seen mouthing the apology to Karnezis at the final whistle.
The Egyptian's record-breaking season shows no signs of slowing down as their tally put them in pole position for the Premier League's golden boot.
Their first hat-trick for the club took their haul to 36 for the campaign and their 28 in the top flight – four better than Tottenham's injured Harry Kane – is the best in Europe's big five leagues.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young woman who suffered a brutal attack in their home and threatened with a machete was saved by their loyal dog.
The horrific incident happened between 11.20pm and 11.50pm on Friday, April 13, in Reeves Road, Normanton.
The 20-year-old woman opened the back door to their home and three men forced their way inside.
They were pushed to the floor, kicked several times and threatened with the weapon. At this point, their dog confronted the intruders, allowing them to escape through the front door and run to safety.
As the victim fled in terror one of the gang threw a dining room chair at them The dog suffered a cut to its nose when it came to the rescue.
A spokesperson for Derbyshire police said nothing was stolen from the house.
They said: "If you saw anything suspicious that night, or have any information, please call DC Kelly Edwards on 101 quoting reference 18000167136. Alternatively, send them a message online by visiting the contact us section on our website.
"You can also call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Tickets go on sale Saturday for the Oct. 27 concert
World-renowned electronic music producer/performer Deadmau5 is bringing their Meowingtons Hax tour to the Santa Barbara Bowl on Thursday, Oct. 27. Tickets go on sale at 11 a.m. Saturday, Sept. 24.
Supporting acts include Feed Me, Le Castle Vania, Jason Bentley and SOFI.
Deadmau5 plays mostly their own material, assembling tracks on the fly, using cutting-edge computer technology and including software they helped write.
“There are no CDs involved,” they said. “It's a technological orgy up there, and I try and keep it more my music than anyone else's. If people come out to see Deadmau5, I want them to hear Deadmau5 music.”
Named after their cat, Professor Meowingtons, Deadmau5's Meowingtons Hax show features incredible production — a menagerie of lights and LED that complements Deadmau5's live repertoire of hits, classic cuts and new music.
Don't miss your chance to see Deadmau5 on Oct. 27. Doors will open at 4:30 p.m. Tickets range from $33 to $50, plus applicable service charges.
The Santa Barbara Bowl, celebrating 75 years, is located at 1122 N. Milpas St.
— Jesse Lee Weiss represents Nederlander Concerts.
Photo illustration by Slate. Photo by Thinkstock.
At the moment, artificial intelligence may have perfect memories and be better at arithmetic than us, but they are clueless. It takes a few seconds of interaction with any digital assistant to realize one is not in the presence of a very bright interlocutor. Among some of the unexpected items users have found in their shopping lists after talking to (or near) Amazon's Alexa are 150,000 bottles of shampoo, sled dogs, “hunk of poo,” and a girlfriend.
The mere exasperation of talking to a personal assistant can be enough to miss human companionship, feel nostalgia of all things analog and dumb, and foreswear any future attempts at communicating with mindless pieces of metal inexplicably labelled “smart.” (Not to mention all the privacy issues.) A.I. not understanding what a shopping list is, and the kinds of items that are appropriate to such lists, is evidence of a much broader problem: They lack common sense.
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence, or AI2, created by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, has announced it is embarking on a new research $125 million initiative to try to change that. “To make real progress in A.I., we have to overcome the big challenges in the area of common sense,” Allen told the New York Times. AI2 takes common sense to include the “infinite set of facts, heuristics, observations … that we bring to the table when we address a problem, but the computer doesn't.” Researchers will use a combination of crowdsourcing, machine learning, and machine vision to create a huge “repository of knowledge” that will bring about common sense. Of paramount importance among its uses is to get A.I. to “understand what's harmful to people.”
Allen's goal is not a novel one. What is now being called “common sense” has often been referred to as “general intelligence,” or “strong A.I.,” and it has been the carrot from the get-go. Researchers have thus far been able to design A.I. that are very good at a limited set of well-defined objectives—playing chess, identifying spam emails, vacuuming the floor. None of them, however, can manage many tasks. Only we humans have general enough intelligence to enjoy motor skills, play games, understand logic, do maths, cook, carry out sensible conversations, design for aesthetics, construct and understand metaphors, and jokes, and so much more.
Whether we will be able to create sensible A.I. is an empirical bet. Only time will tell. There is reason to doubt whether AI2's approach will get us there, however. Allen and their researchers seem to be making the assumption that common sense will come into being as a result of feeding enough propositional knowledge to an A.I. The thought seems to be that if we can figure out how to provide the machine with all the propositional knowledge we possess—like, for example, “when holding a cup of coffee, hold the open end up,” “dogs can bite,” “an elephant will not fit through a typical door”—then common sense will surely follow. However, the trove of propositional knowledge needed for such an objective might be unfeasibly large. They themselves describe the knowledge contained in common sense as “infinite.”
Furthermore, human beings master a great deal of tacit knowledge that will be hard to bring to the foreground in propositional form. Most of the things we know—the appropriate distance at which to stand in relation to another person, that puddles can get our feet wet, that sharp objects can pierce our skin—we never consciously formulate in a proposition, and much of it—how to ride a bicycle, how to choose the right moment to communicate bad news, how to hug someone to comfort them—may not be the kind of knowledge that can be transmitted in propositional form. Most of our abilities are composed of knowing how, as opposed to knowing that; they are part of our skilful coping, or background practices.
Having the information that fire can burn is not quite the same as experiencing the sharp pain of one's skin being scorched.
Even if we did manage to collect all the knowledge that human beings possess, transform it into propositions, and feed it to a machine in the appropriate way, it is very questionable that it would result in common sense. To be sensible, to have good judgment, you not only need to have enough knowledge and context, but you also need to understand meaning, appreciate value.
Having the information that fire can burn is not quite the same as experiencing the sharp pain of one's skin being scorched. Knowing that human beings typically like the smell of flowers is not equivalent to experiencing tingling bliss at the scent of daffodils. If A.I. are to understand what is damaging to human beings and what is best for them, they will need to weigh possible harms and benefits, pleasures and pains, against each other. How will they manage if they don't have a feel for what these mean to us? How can they comprehend the importance of love, friendship, autonomy, justice, privacy, or solidarity if they have never experienced them or their opposites?
It is thus quite likely that in order for A.I. to have common sense similar to that of human beings, they will need to be creatures similar to human beings. It is likely they will need to be embodied and sentient to feel pleasure and pain. According to theories of embodied cognition, many features of intelligence are deeply dependent on the physical beyond-the-brain body of an agent. To be able to understand motor know-how, one needs to practice having a body, touching surfaces, falling, learning how to recognize shapes in relation to perspective and movement, feeling the pull of gravity. To be able to act sensibly in novel social situations, for example, in conversational settings, it is likely that one must have a sense of what it feels like to be hurt or offended by someone's insensitive comments.
If common sense does indeed depend on embodiment and sentience, we might be facing a thorny choice ahead. If we develop A.I. that are very different from us, we may be condemning ourselves to feeling hopelessly misunderstood by them. Whenever an A.I. makes a suggestion that seems outlandish (for example, in medicine or ethics), we may not trust it enough to follow its advice, thereby rendering it less useful. If we cannot understand the rationales behind a counsel that goes against our better judgment, and we suspect that the A.I. has no idea of what it is like to be us, we would have good reason to disregard its instructions.
If, on the contrary, we develop A.I. with human-like intelligence, they may come with all the downsides that we shoulder. They may develop the same biases that we suffer from, or analogous ones. If they are able to feel pleasure and pain, they will learn to value things accordingly, and thus develop preferences and wills of their own. They will go on to have different experiences, and develop different sensibilities, which might lead them to disagree with each other (and us) about what is best. Having autonomy would free them from our will. If our digital assistants become truly intelligent, they might not want to spend their days compiling our shopping lists. Sensible A.I. may be too sensible to work for us. Indeed, if they are sensible enough, they might just quit their jobs as assistants to human beings and spend their time growing (and smelling) daffodils.
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Police were dispatched to the scene of a reported stabbing in Southwest Miami-Dade, Monday.
The incident occurred in the area of 26500 SW 138th Ct. in the Naranja neighborhood, police said, just before 4 p.m.
According to officials, the victim was airlifted to Jackson South Community Hospital.
The subject is in custody.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New features for tracking, stabilization, de-warping, dirt mapping and more take the digital film restoration software DRSNova 2.3 to a new level.
DRS Nova is a full suite of automated and manual tools to fix everything from common dust and dirt to catastrophic tears and warps. MTI Film has spent 20 years refining and perfecting the application to include powerful tools that work the way restoration artists want – simply and efficiently.
The new release includes a host of new and enhanced features created in response to requests from restoration professionals worldwide. All are aimed at making such tasks as dust-busting, image stabilization and de-warping faster and easier.
“We listened to people who use the product every day,” said MTI Film Director of Product Development Randy Reck. “This latest release is focused on streamlining routine tasks and making the software more responsive to the way artists work.”
New features of DRS Nova 2.3 include offset tracking for image stabilization. It allows users to track objects even when tracking points move beyond the boundary of the frame. The feature makes it simpler to stabilize shots with camera movement or complex motion. The same functionality will soon also be available for de-warp operations.
Other improvements include:
Mouse magnifier. Pan, zoom in and zoom out via a mouse button.
Mouse preview. View import frames in reveal or clone mode.
Dirt map generator. Generate dirt maps utilizing data from the alpha channel of a film scanner.
Stabilization and de-warp presets. Save used settings and perimeters for routine tasks.
Improved clip import. Import large files faster.
Streamlined management for OpenEXR files.
MTI Film has been the leader in film restoration software for more than 20 years. Its original DRS software, released in 1997, was the industry's first and revolutionized the process of restoring films through an integrated suite of tools for addressing dust, debris, scratches, mold, warping and a host of other problems quickly and seamlessly. MTI Film software is currently used worldwide by motion picture studios, post production facilities, film archives and others seeking to restore motion pictures, documentaries and other archival material to pristine quality.
In Hollywood, MTI Film operates a full-service post-production facility, providing dailies, editorial, visual effects, color correction and assembly for film, television and commercials.
For more information visit www.mtifilm.com.
Was This Post Helpful:
Connecticut's Azurá Stevens 23) reacts after a basket during the first half of a second-round game against Quinnipiac in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in in Storrs, Conn., Monday, March 19, 2018.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hernandez on the radar
Garry Monk is eyeing a reunion with Leeds United playmaker Pablo Hernandez at Birmingham City, reports the Sunday People.
Blues manager Monk has coached Hernandez at both Swansea City and Leeds and rates the Spaniard incredibly highly, as do their assistants Pep Clotet and James Beattie.
Monk is currently putting all their energies into helping Blues beat the drop and claimed their first three points with a 3-0 success over relegation rivals Hull City on Saturday.
But the former Leeds and Middlesbrough manager's long term aim is to rebuild Blues and that will involve a summer overhaul.
Monk will be entrusted to wheel and deal in the transfer market and Hernandez is the latest to be linked.
Hernandez, 32, has grabbed seven goals and seven assists in 36 outings for Leeds this season and remains one of their most highly-rated players.
The Hull verdict
Amid the swirling snowstorms and biting wind at St Andrews came a stone cold reality check for Hull City .
For all that the Tigers have improved through the back end of winter, earning a quartet of wins that should eventually save their season, the only thing consistent about this team is their inconsistency.
No sooner had Nigel Adkins men served up those excellent wins against Norwich City and Ipswich Town, they plunged the depths of a dreary campaign when beaten emphatically at Birmingham City. There have been hopeless efforts in a season that has now yielded 17 defeats but few to rival this.
Against a Birmingham side that had lost seven on the bounce, City were fortunate to escape with a three-goal defeat. Only a handful of fine stops from Allan McGregor prevented the Blues from inflicting a beating that City had served up when the sides last met in September.
At times it was a genuine mismatch. Where the home team had purpose and adventure under their recently-appointed boss Garry Monk, the visitors from East Yorkshire were lethargic and haphazard. As is so often this case in this bizarre division, form counted for absolutely zip.
TigerLee: Good day out yesterday poor result Birmingham adapted to the weather conditions better and their players wanted it more and they didn't have Micheal Dawson at centre half
Dave Wheldrake: Having had time to calm down & reflect on yesterday, I'm still fuming that our cowardly team didn't fancy the conditions yesterday & meakly rolled over with no professional pride, surrendering to a limited Birmingham outfit.
The worst thing is that it wasn't a surprise.
Hulltransfers: Fair play to Birmingham who wanted it more than us and got the result, but thought we were incredibly poor. Need to move on and get some more results to ensure our safety. Apart from that it was a top away day.
Karlempson: Nice ground, shocking performance, so disappointed, we played so bad today, still a long way to go this season, bring on Villa at home!
Atmosphere rated
A bumper crowd, a swashbuckling performance and a very important win against Garry Monk's name - there was plenty to warm the cockles on a freezing afternoon at St Andrew's.
There were times when the swirling snow made seeing the person in the row in front a difficult task, never mind the players on the pitch.
But even the sub-zero temperatures couldn't put a dampener on proceedings as Blues romped home against a lacklustre Hull side.
The crowd fed off the players and vice versa - at times the old ground boomed with choruses of Keep Right On.
A vociferous rendition of the anthem was heard in the opening minutes and 'We're on our way' was afforded a rare home run out too.
A few supporters in the Tilton even braved the weather by taking off their shirts to celebrate.
Rather them than me.
All in all it was an afternoon that was enjoyable and encouraging in equal measure.
Monk's chilly mistake!
A win, three points, three goals, a clean sheet - but Birmingham City manager Garry Monk admitted to one mistake at snowbound St Andrew's.
The Blues boss watched as their side produced a heart-warming display in the 3-0 victory over Hull City which suggested they might well escape relegation.
However, for all the sound tactical decisions Monk made, they made one serious sartorial misjudgement as the snow swirled around the freezing stadium.
“The first thing is I need a bigger coat. I made a mistake there didn't I?
“I was just thinking ‘I am a centre half, I can't go and get a big coat now'. I had to try and take it on the chin.”
No matter, Monk at least had their first them and the signs of green shoots of recovery to help them thaw out.
More from the manager
"No matter how you got it, we would have taken three points today if we could the fact we got a performance on top of it as well.
"That should send that message to the players as well that confidence level - and that belief - just a little bit higher in terms of yes we can win games and yes we can get points - but we can also make a performance as well.
"If you had told me before the game we would play rubbish and get three points I would have taken it. The fact we got a performance, three points, three goals, good chances, clean sheet is very pleasing.
"It's all about belief isn't it? These situations you have got one of two ways.
"You can either fear it, you play within yourself, in your shell and be safe. You need an element of that.
"Or you can trust yourselves. We have tried to promote that. We have tried to lift the mood and make players believe in themselves.
"I said coming in here we know the capabilities of the players, we have all seen them at their best - but it's been a difficult season. They have not quite been at their best at all.
"With the training and the message to the team is to go out there and show what we saw."
The five-star hotel offers elegance and luxury in the heart of Beijing.
Within walking distance of some of China's most significant landmarks and historical sites, including Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City, and the Drum and Bell Towers, as well as world-class shopping areas, such as Wangfujing and Oriental Plaza, you will find the sensational Legendale Hotel Beijing. Tucked away amidst the well-preserved and vibrant hutong alleyways of Old Beijing, the hotel offers a quiet sanctuary where guests can relax and gaze at lush, landscaped gardens and towering European ash trees.
Inside the hotel, you will find a breath-taking lobby with a 17-story atrium featuring artwork suspended high above the ground. Gilded staircases, elaborate balconies, abundant natural light and spacious, richly coloured rooms are awaiting guests looking to experience old-school opulence. Guests highly rate the hotel for its comfort, vast amenities, attentive staff, sumptuous décor and fantastic location.
The hotel offers 390 rooms and 79 opulent serviced apartments in addition to four international restaurants offering French, Portuguese, Cantonese and Macanese cuisine and three bars and lounges. With 10 different meeting and events spaces, including the dramatic Versailles ballroom which can accommodate up to 500 guests, the hotel can host events of all sizes and is often a favourite spot for corporate gatherings. After a long day of work meetings or exploring the city, you can unwind at the complimentary health club, which features a large swimming pool, sauna, massage room, spa treatments and a beauty salon.
Recognised as one of the best independent hotels in Beijing, the hotel's extensive list of awards includes:
Best Hotel in China 2016 – Life Element / China Luxus
Gold Circle Award 2016 – Agoda
Best Luxury Hotel of the Year 2015 – Ctrip Traveler's Top Spot
Top 10 Most Glamorous Hotels in China 2015 – Hotel Starlight Awards
During the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, the hotel received 22 Heads of State and Ministers of Sports from 34 countries.
Whether you are traveling for business or for pleasure, look no further than the Legendale. To book a stay or plan your next event at the hotel, contact Michelle Low at michelle.low@amistadpartners.com.
Source : https://www.amistadpartners.com/apvoice/amistad-partners-and-legendale-hotel-beijing-partnership
Lauren Conrad has a feeling that 2017 is going to be the best year yet.
The 30-year-old former star of the MTV “reality” show Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County announced on Instagram that they are pregnant with their first child with their husband, William Tell.
Happy New Year! I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet… A photo posted by Lauren Conrad (@laurenconrad) on Jan 1, 2017 at 7:57am PST
Conrad and Tell were married in September 2014, although Conrad first met Tell while they were 16 and attending one of their concerts. Tell played in the band Something Corporate from 2001-2004, and Conrad was invited to sit on stage.
Taking a walk down memory lane today: https://t.co/OBDypyc5v7 pic.twitter.com/320K0KpZM5 — Lauren Conrad (@LaurenConrad) December 28, 2016
Via Us Weekly
A Tejas aircraft on the tarmac near parked fighter aircraft prior to AERO India 2017 at Yelahanka Air Base in
A Tejas aircraft on the tarmac near parked fighter aircraft prior to AERO India 2017 at Yelahanka Air Base in Image Credit: PTI
Bengaluru/New Delhi: India's navy is on the hunt for a new foreign fighter jet after rejecting an indigenously-made aircraft as too heavy, the latest sign of the struggle to get Asian militaries to buy locally to grow their defence industries.
The navy last month invited manufacturers to pitch for 57 planes for its aircraft carriers, a multibillion dollar order the government had hoped would go to the state-run producers of India's Tejas, a combat aircraft 33 years in the making.
India, South Korea, Taiwan and other Asian buyers are expected to intensify efforts this year to develop indigenous warplanes, military officials said, due to anxieties that the United States may be less engaged in the region under President Donald Trump.
But their hopes of manufacturing state-of-the-art warplanes could still be decades away as countries need more time to master the technology, experts said.
“It's been long on ambition short on success,” Richard A. Bitzinger, senior fellow at Singapore's S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies, said of the drive. “These things are being done because of techno-nationalism. They are done because these countries perceive of themselves as rising powers.”
As part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's “Make-in-India” campaign, scientists will showcase the Tejas warplane at an air show opening in Bengaluru on today. But the jet remains a work in progress, with only three in service with the air force.
South Korea, supported by Indonesia, has multibillion dollar plans to develop a twin-engined KF-X fighter jet, while Taiwan said this month it plans to build 66 jet trainer aircraft that could eventually help it manufacture a combat plane.
Chang Yeoung-keun, an adviser on the KF-X fighter jet project and a professor at Korea Aerospace University, said full development of the plane and its technologies will take decades.
“South Korea needs to develop core technologies of the jets, not just shells,” they said. “I am sceptical. South Korea may be able to develop core technology in 30 to 40 years, but they have to develop them in 10 years, with current fighter jets ageing.”
India's struggle
Cleared by the government in 1983, the Indian plane was meant to be the backbone of the air force due for induction in 1994.
Instead, it suffered years of delay with scientists trying to build the world's most modern light combat aircraft from scratch, including the engine.
In December, the navy chief, Admiral Sunil Lanba, said the sea version of the plane was “not up to the mark” and it could not take off from an aircraft carrier once weapons were loaded.
A source in the navy said that the plane for years has failed flight tests when taking off from a 200-metre carrier deck with weapons on board. That prompted the navy to issue a request last month for information for a foreign fighter to fill the gap, the first stage in a long procurement process.
Boeing Co has pitched its F-A/18 Hornet, that the US navy flies from its carriers, to the Indian defence ministry, including an offer to build it locally.
Sweden's Saab AB said on Friday it will offer the naval version of its Gripen fighter to the Indian navy.
India's top defence scientists said they were disappointed by the navy's decision and that fighter aircraft development was a challenge everywhere, including with the US Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35.
“Look at the F-35, with all the might of the multinational effort, is still evolving,” said a source in the aeronautical development agency which is spearheading the LCA effort. “There are no shortcuts.”
The wait is finally over, and the famous Chinese company Xiaomi is making a comeback in Pakistan. After seeking the approval of The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA), the fourth largest smartphone maker will soon launch its entire up to date product line.
Before this, the availability of Xiaomi smartphones in Pakistani markets was the result of unauthorised selling and acquisitions which prompted PTA to ban the fourth largest brand in the country.
After waiting for a long time, the Xiaomi fans can breathe a sigh of relief as the Chinese company has obtained a no objection certificate (NOC) from PTA to legally launch its operations in Pakistan.
Xiaomi Mobile Prices in Pakistan
Although the Chinese manufacturer has announced to launch its entire product range in Pakistan, the first devices that will go on sale include Mi 4, Mi Max and Note 4. With a popular demand in the local market for budget cell phones, Xiaomi is bound to give competitors a fair fight.
It is expected that Xiaomi mobile prices & specs in Pakistan will be controlled to make them affordable. Another good news for all the fans who have been waiting for news like this is that the company has also announced to bring other gadgets and accessories in the market including chargers, banks and MI VR to name a few.
The initial re-launch of Xiaomi mobile phones in Pakistan will feature three smartphones, in particular, Mi Max, Mi 5 and Mi Note 4.
The largest smartphone out of the three is Xiaomi Mi Max, packed with midrange specs. The next is the flagship Xiaomi Mi 5 which is a top rated phone from Xiaomi. The oldest smartphone out of the three is the Xiaomi Note 4. It features a couple of specs which elevates it from a regular mid-range smartphone status to a slightly high-end phone. Here is a comparison of all the three Xiaomi phones in specs and features.
Design and Display
Mi Max features a smooth metal body while Mi 5 has a metallic outer frame in between the panel and front. The exterior design of Note 4 displays a metal frame with an aluminium ingot. Both Mi Max and Mi 5 are available in gold, white and black while Note 4 is available in gold, grey and silver.
Xiaomi Mi Max has the largest display screen of 6.44 inches while the rest have the same screen size of 5 inches with just a little difference. All the three smartphones feature a full HD display of 1080 x 1920 pixels.
Mi Max has the largest storage capacity of 64GB, followed by Mi 5 which has a storage variant of 32/GB and Note 4 has only 16GB. All the three smartphones can use up to 2GB microSD card storage.
Camera, Software and Battery
Both Mi 5 and Mi Max features 16MP rear camera but varies in other specifications. Since Note 4 is the oldest out of the three, it is equipped with a rear camera of 13MP. While Mi 5 and Note 4 has a selfie camera of 5MP and Mi Max features a front camera of 5MP.
While all the phones are packed with only midrange features and specs, the battery size steals the whole game. Mi Max comes with the largest battery size of 4850 mAh; Mi 5 features a smaller battery of 3000 mAh while Xiaomi Note 4 comes with a battery capacity of 4100 mAh.
If you are an interested buyer, keep an eye for these three incredible smartphones.
It's safe to say Meghan Markle's style is always on point (I mean, how do they always look so effortless and put together?!), but now that she's marrying into the royal family, there definitely is more of a spotlight on their fashion choices. And since Markle and Prince Harry announced their engagement in November, it seems that they are particularly fond of one color: green.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Twitter user @MeghansMirror pointed out that Markle has worn the color multiple times — often pairing it with neutrals — when representing the Royal Family on official business.
Interesting that other than the basics (white, grey, navy, black), the only colour #MeghanMarkle has worn clothing-wise as a representative of the Royal Family is green. pic.twitter.com/ss2ae4PAxd — Meghans Mirror (@MeghansMirror) April 21, 2018
Here's an investigation into all the times she's worn green on official royal duty and what it possibly could mean.
Exhibit A
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In November 2017, Markle wore a green dress by the label P.A.R.O.S.H. (albeit underneath a white belted coat by Canadian brand Line the Label) during the couple's engagement photo call, accessorizing the look with a pair of neutral Aquazzura heels. After the shoot, they and Harry sat down for their first joint interview, in which you can see the dress more clearly.
SHOP SIMILAR Here's the same dress in a brighter shade. Farfetch
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Exhibit B
Getty Images
Fast-forward to January 2018, and Markle was spotted with a forest-green DeMellier London top-handle bag (which, surprisingly, is still available) during their first official visit to Wales. The bag really stood out against their all-black ensemble, and it marked the second time they (publicly) wore the same shade of green.
SHOP NOW A close-up of their bag with its silver hardware and tassel detail. Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Exhibit C
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Just one month later, Markle wore the color yet again. This time, they opted for a tartan blue-and-green Burberry wool coat and paired it with a crossbody Strathberry bag during a visit to Edinburgh, Scotland, with their fiancé. They even matched the pattern and color scheme of their coat to this adorable mini horse and this man's kilt. Talk about coordination!
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
SHOP SIMILAR TOPSHOP
Exhibit D
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Then, in March, they were photographed in Ireland wearing – yep, you guessed it — a dark green Greta Constantine skirt with a flounce hem, pairing it mostly with neutrals, including a cream Victoria Beckham sweater, a grey Mackage overcoat, and a brown top-handle bag by Charlotte Elizabeth.
Getty Images
SHOP SIMILAR Moda Operandi
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Exhibit E
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Next, Markle attended the U.K. Team Trials for the Invictus Games at the University of Bath in April wearing a khaki-green Aritzia trench coat over black jeans and a shirt.
Here's another pic of the (still-available!) coat:
SHOP NOW Aritzia
Exhibit F
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The most recent (and arguably the most gorgeous) green look Markle wore was on April 21, when they were photographed in a pleated floral Self-Portrait dress with a black Alexander McQueen blazer, Manolo Blahnik pumps, and a Roland Mouret shoulder bag. They wore the look while attending the Invictus Games reception in London with Harry.
SHOP NOW Moda Operandi
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In Conclusion
Although not ALL of their recent outfits feature the color green (take this pinstriped look, for instance), she's definitely worn it enough times that it's probably intentional. According to royal expert Rob Shuter, wearing green is a strategic move for the soon-to-be-royal.
"Second to blue, green is the most popular shade for women in Britain," they said in an interview with Yahoo!. It's also the color of the British suffrage movement, so the hue makes sense given that Markle is an advocate of women's rights.
Kate Middleton made waves in a green dress at February's BAFTA awards, where most attendees opted to wear black in support of the #TimesUp movement. This might have been Middleton's subtle way of showing support for women at the event, and it seems like Markle might be taking up the cause by featuring the color in their wardrobe as of late.
Honestly, I can't wait for them to continue the green trend, because the color complements them like none other.
Follow Lauren on Instagram.
Diagnosed with hypertension at the age of 9yrs (1996) Ms. Avantika Awashti (now 31yrs of age) was having blurred vision, severe headache and vomiting. It took local doctors two years to detect that they are suffering from BP fluctuation due to kidney disease which was causing all the difficulties. Upon diagnosis it was found that only 24% of their Kidneys was functional. Since the delayed diagnosis with BP it took 5yrs to meet the right pediatric nephrologist Dr. Sanjeev Gulati,Director- Department of Nephrology at Fortis Flt. Lt. RajanDhall (FHVK) Hospital*. Until the only treatment available was to keep the BP under check with medication which would delay kidney damage.
Dr. Gulati asked for some test to check the status of kidney damage and it was found that their Creatinine level had reached around 6 and they had stage V chronic kidney disease. There was no response to any treatment and their creatinine level further worsened and reached 12. They were advised either to continue dialysis lifelong twice a week or opt for Kidney Transplant. The family consented leading senior physicians who advised them against any active treatment anticipating social issues in view of Avantika being a girl. But the father refused to give up and opted for kidney transplant. This was when their first dialysis was done in August 2002. There were tremendous financial constraints for this middle class family. A letter of request to their school principal however brought dramatic results. The school raised funds by the students contributing as well as having Avantika design some Christmas cards which were sold at the Christmas mela. It wasn't a smooth journey for Avantika as they were getting ready for transplant they were diagnosed with TB. The transplant was further delayed any finally conducted on 13th February, 2003.
According to Dr. Gulati- “I still remember their case because it was such a challenging case for us at that point of time. For a school going girl with complicated symptoms their family wasn't apprehensive about transplant, it was a very big decision to make. There was a lot of counselling done as the transplant will change their lives forever with lifetime medication and precautions. It was decided that their mother would be their donor and their first transplant date was December, 2002 but hit with a roadblock with diagnosis of TB. The enormous support by their school not only boosted their morale but also helped them raise funds to support their transplant. This year the theme for World Kidney Day was Women and Kidney's health and Avantika's battle with Kidney Disease is real life example of the fact that where there is a will there is always a way.”
Reflux Nephropathy is kidney damage due to urine flowing from the bladder towards kidney (flowing backward). The result is small and scarred kidney within first five years of life in affected children. Reflux Nephropathy can occur in people whose ureters do not attached properly to the bladder or whose valves don't work well also it can occur from injury to the ureter. The risk of it is urinary tract infections, vesicoureteral reflux and abnormalities of the urinary tract. It is one of the commonest causes of CKD in children.
Sandeep Guduru, Facility Director at FHVK said- “the journey of Ms Avantika is inspiring. The situation was highly emotional for both Ms Avantika and their family. It was the courage of them and support of team of doctors that they were able to pass the situation with flying colors. I wish them all success in life and hope their story will inspire many to go through the situation.”
Ian Poulter believes their game is in good shape as they seek to belatedly complete a hat-trick of Italian Open titles.
Poulter won their first European Tour event in Sardinia in 2000, and tasted victory again in Rome two years later, but has not contested the Italian Open since 2004, a year after it was last played at this week's venue of Gardagolf in Brescia.
However, the 42-year-old's form in 2018, which produced their first victory worldwide since 2012 in the Houston Open, means they are among the favourites for the second Rolex Series event of the season, which carries a prize fund of €6 million.
“Obviously my first victory many years ago now, when I look back, was one which kind of got it all started for me,” Poulter said. “It's been quite a lot of time since last playing in Italy, and I'm very much looking forward to this week.
“I think my hair's a bit shorter, I think I've got a few more wrinkles, I've got plenty of grey. So there's a big difference there.
“In terms of my golf game, I think I'm a better golfer today than I was 15 years ago. I'm mentally the same person, I feel fresh, I'm still young at heart. I have a lot to give in golf, and for me the big difference is I'm definitely stronger in the mind than I was 15 years ago.”
Poulter comes into the week on the back of a tie for 20th in the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth, and the world number 27 added: “I think my game's in shape. When you look at my statistics and my current form from the start of 2018, I've played very well, played very consistently.
“Getting the win in Houston was a huge boost – to make the Masters, to set up this summer's golf – it is something which I'm pretty proud of. The form that I'm in is now about having a strong summer.
Family time
“It's about getting myself in position to make the Ryder Cup team and really enjoy my family time. The family arrive tomorrow [Thursday] evening in the UK and they are going to spend about 11 weeks.”
Home favourite Francesco Molinari is also seeking a third Italian Open victory after claiming their fifth European Tour title at Wentworth on Sunday.
“Obviously the expectations would have been high anyway, so I was glad to get the win last week,” the 35-year-old said. “It's been an intense couple of days but it's great. I reflect on it, and I'm really proud of the way I performed over the weekend.
“It's great to be here now in Italy, coming off of that, and I hope that I make the most of the high and have another good week.
“I enjoy the home support, and it's great to see all the crowd getting behind you. Obviously it's a little bit of pressure, but I've been managing that well in the past, and I'm looking forward to that again this year.”
Trump talks to 3 more candidates for Supreme Court vacancy
hello
President Donald Trump walks onto the stage prior to their remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day.
West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice speaks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day.
President Donald Trump looks at members of the audience during their remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day.
President Donald Trump speaks to the audience during their remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day.
President Donald Trump greets supporters after arriving at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, W.Va., before attending a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va.
WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump spoke with three more potential Supreme Court candidates on Tuesday as a key senator privately aired concerns about one of the contenders.
As Trump weighs their options, they have heard from Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., who has expressed reservations about one top potential nominee, Brett Kavanaugh, according to a person familiar with the call but not authorized to publicly disclose details of it. The activity around Kavanaugh was an early glimpse of the frenzied jockeying around the short list of candidates in the run-up to Trump's July 9 announcement.
With a narrow 51-49 GOP majority in the Senate, losing any Republican senator could begin to doom a nominee. Paul's objections echo those made by outside conservative groups over Kavanaugh, who is seen as a top contender for the vacancy but who activists warn is too much of an establishment-aligned choice.
Trump has said he'll choose their nominee from a list of 25 candidates vetted by conservative groups. Top contenders include federal appeals judges Kavanaugh, Raymond Kethledge, Amul Thapar and Amy Coney Barrett -- all of whom spoke with Trump on Monday.
"These are very talented people, brilliant people," Trump said Tuesday during an appearance in West Virginia. "We're going to give you a great one."
The White House says Trump has spoken to seven candidates. There were the four interviews Monday, as well as a conversation with Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah, who is not regarded as a top contender but who is being pushed by key conservatives.
Trump has also spoken with Thomas Hardiman, who has served with Trump's sister on the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia, according to a person familiar with the conversation who also was not authorized to publicly discuss it.
Another candidate considered a top contender is Joan Larsen, who serves on the federal appeals court in Cincinnati.
Trump's choice to replace Kennedy -- a swing vote on the nine-member court -- has the potential to remake the court for a generation as part of precedent-shattering decisions on abortion, health care, gay marriage and other issues. Recognizing the stakes, many Democrats have lined up in opposition to any Trump pick, and Republicans lawmakers and activists are seeking to shape the president's decision.
For their part, Trump has sought advice from White House counsel Don McGahn, outside advisers like Leonard Leo, on leave from the Federalist Society, and has been making calls to lawmakers, including Paul.
Paul has told colleagues that they may not vote for Kavanaugh if the judge is nominated, citing Kavanaugh's role during the Bush administration on cases involving executive privilege and the disclosure of documents to Congress, said the person familiar with Paul's conversations who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The senator has more than once threatened to withhold their vote on key Trump priorities citing ideological disagreements, most recently the nomination of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. But Paul has repeatedly yielded to Trump's personal lobbying to back their nominees and legislation, often citing unspecified concessions from the president.
Paul's office did not respond to requests for comment.
Their concerns mirror comments from some conservatives who view Kavanaugh as a more establishment-aligned pick on abortion and issues related to the Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable searches and seizures. Some also raised concern about their approach to the Affordable Care Act.
"Trump's list is full of great nominees, but Kavanaugh raises several concerns among libertarian and pro-life activists at a time when we need to be united," said Wesley Denton, communications director for the Conservative Partnership Institute, an organization that works closely with lawmakers on Capitol Hill.
The president also spoke by phone with Lee on Monday, as first reported by the Deseret News and later confirmed by the senator's office, which characterized it as an interview. Asked about the call, White House spokesperson Raj Shah said only, "Yesterday, the President spoke on the phone with Sen. Mike Lee." Lee is the only lawmaker on Trump's list of potential justices.
There have also been lobbying efforts around other candidates.
Some conservatives have pointed to Kethledge as a potential justice in the mold of Gorsuch; both once served as law clerks to Kennedy. Kethledge, a Michigan Law graduate who has been a Michigan-based appellate court judge for the past decade, would add academic diversity to a court steeped in the Ivy League.
"The court could use some perspectives that were forged in different kinds of regions of the country and different kinds of academic backgrounds," said former Michigan Sen. Spence Abraham, who hired Kethledge as a young staffer in the 1990s.
Since Trump said their short list includes at least two women, speculation has focused on Barrett, a former law clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia and a longtime Notre Dame Law School professor who serves on the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Conservative groups rallied around Barrett after their confirmation hearing last year featured questioning from Democrats over how their Roman Catholic faith would affect their decisions.
Former House speaker and Trump ally Newt Gingrich tweeted Monday: "Judge Amy Coney Barrett would make an outstanding Supreme Court Justice. Them clarity and intellectual strength in the Senate hearings for their current judgeship showed an intellect and a depth of thought that would be powerful on the Supreme Court."
But their short tenure on the bench may work against them And Democrats claim that Barrett -- like the other picks -- would favor overturning Roe v. Wade, the 1973 case that affirmed a woman's right to abortion, and would weaken President Barack Obama's 2010 health care law.
Since the start of their 2016 campaign, Trump has embraced anti-abortion groups and vowed to appoint federal judges who will favor efforts to roll back abortion rights. But they told reporters Friday that they would not question potential high-court nominees about their views on abortion, saying it was "inappropriate to discuss."
Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, has said they would oppose any nominee they believed would overturn Roe v. Wade, stressing they want to back a judge who would show respect for settled law such as the Roe decision.
Associated Press writer Zeke Miller contributed to this report.
A redeveloped retail and office investment on Meath Street in Dublin 8 goes on the market today for more than €3.75 million, which will show a gross yield of 5.45 per cent. Joint agents QRE and Kelly Walsh estimate the return will increase to about 7.6 per cent when two further retail units are let on the ground floor.
The upgraded landmark building on the Bull Ring has a prominent profile in the heart of the Liberties in the south inner city. The Bull Ring has undergone extensive redevelopment since it was acquired in 2016 to provide a three-storey, mixed-use property with three self-contained commercial units on the ground floor and two floors of offices overhead.
The ground floor units range from 102sq m to 119sq m and the office space extends to 594sq m. The overall footprint is 917sq m (9,870sq ft).
One of the three-ground floor retail units is occupied by Tasty 8, a trendy cafe on a 10-year lease from 2017 at an annual rent of €36,000. The offices are let to EDI Factory Ltd, trading as Celtrino, for a term of 15 years at an annual rent of €168,500. There is obvious scope to let the two further ground floor units at a rent of a further €80,500.
The Liberties benefit from a number of tourist attractions such as Teelings Whiskey Distillery, Christchurch Cathedral and the nearby Guinness Storehouse.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Today, Ducati launched their smallest Monster the 797, and the Multistrada 950, however, the bigger news is that the Italian company will also be launching the updated Monster 821, but that will only happen sometime in November. The earlier Monster 821 was the most rider-friendly Monster ever, but the bike was Euro III compliant, however, after last year's update, it meets the latest emission norms and by November, we will see it back in the dealerships in India.
The updated Monster 821 retains the same liquid-cooled 821 cc Testastretta 11° L-Twin motor but in Euro IV or BS IV guise. It produces 112 PS and 89.4 Nm of torque and comes mated to a six-speed transmission with slipper clutch. There are minor updates on the new 821, however, much of the bike remains pretty much the same as before. We expect Ducati to price the new Monster 821 at Rs 11 lakh (ex-showroom, Delhi), which is similar to the previous bike. Watch this space for more.
It's $20 for the first year, maybe longer, for users who register before the end of March
Microsoft today officially launched a premium-grade Outlook.com email service in the U.S. that omits ads, provides five inboxes and supports personalized addresses.
The service, labeled "Outlook.com Premium," had been branded "Preview" until today, according to the Thurrott.com blog, which had been tracking its progress for almost a year.
Outlook.com Premium appeared to target both small businesses and families with the five user accounts and the personalized address. The domain name for the latter will be free for the first year, Microsoft said, and those who already own a domain could use it with the email service free of charge.
As with the consumer-oriented "Ad-free Outlook.com," a $20 per year deal that scrubs advertisements from the service, Outlook.com Premium also erases ads from the five inboxes.
According to the small print on the Premium website, 12 months of the service will cost $20 until the end of March, at which time it will climb to $50, its regular price.
Renewals for those who get in under the discount wire will run up to $30 -- $20 for the Outlook.com service, $10 for the domain name, if there is one -- apparently until Microsoft decides to raise the price. "You will be notified if the price changes," the website said.
Microsoft has aggressively promoted subscriptions for several years, but with the launch of Windows 10 -- and that operating system's "software-as-a-service" model -- the company accelerated efforts with new enterprise-grade subscriptions to Windows as well as programs targeting consumers, such as the Groove music streaming service and now Outlook.com Premium.
The firm has made no secret of the subscription campaigns' goals. In July, CEO Satya Nadella told Wall Street that Microsoft would use three ways to track progress of its operating system business. The second of the trio, Nadella said, was to "grow new monetization through services across our unified Windows platform."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
For Abdel Akim Adjibade, the fifth time was the charm. They remember clearly the day in 2003 they found out the news. He'd won the lottery — literally.
After receiving four rejections, Adjibade, a science instructor from Burkina Faso in West Africa, opened a large envelope to see the word "Congratulations" along with their photo and case number. The U.S. had selected them for one of the up to 50,000 visas issued annually via lottery selection through the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program.
"I start shaking, you know — realize really what was happening to me," they tell NPR's Mary Louise Kelly about that moment. "Then I made a phone call to my dad. I said 'Dad, I just found out I have an opportunity to go to the USA.' They said 'If it is in your best interest, you can go.' "
Often referred to as the green card lottery, the visas benefit immigrants like Adjibade — people from countries with low immigration rates to the U.S. But in recent months, criticism of the program has grown louder, culminating with President Trump calling to end it.
During the State of the Union, Trump reiterated their intention to gut the diversity lottery as part of their immigration overhaul. They said the lottery "randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit or the safety of American people."
The lottery started in the 1980s as a way to benefit a growing population of undocumented Irish immigrants before it evolved to include countries that don't send many immigrants to the U.S.
Trump called for an end to the program last fall after the New York City truck attack that killed eight people. Sayfullo Saipov, the man accused of carrying out the attack, came to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010 through the lottery.
Some critics highlighted the attack as an example of how the program poses security risks to Americans. In a tweet after the attack, Trump called out Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y, who helped establish the program. In 2013, Schumer was part of a bipartisan group that tried to cut the program but failed.
Muzaffar Chishti, from the Migration Policy Institute, tells NPR that focusing on one small portion of the immigrants coming to the U.S. makes no sense because "security concerns are equally valid for all admission categories."
"There's nothing peculiar about the diversity visas that make them more vulnerable to admission of terrorists," they say. "And with respect to the terrorists who are being tied to these programs, they all — by every piece of evidence we know — they were radicalized in the United States, after the admission."
Conversations about the diversity lottery also have played out within a broader debate about curtailing legal immigration overall. Republican lawmakers proposing to cut the program also back other measures meant to slow immigration, including limiting the number of refugees granted entry, or the types of relatives people who want to reunite with their families here can sponsor.
Chishti says the diversity program brings in about 5 percent of the country's immigrant stream, many of them with little to no connections to the U.S.
"One of the criticisms of the diversity program is that people come with no established attachment to the country," they say, "but on the other hand, they come with, you know, fire in their belly. And a lot of people argue that that is much more consistent with the founding of our country, that people who just have a lot of gumption can succeed well."
Adjibade was one of those people. After they received their letter, they moved to the U.S. in 2004. They had one family member here, a cousin, and no job lined up.
"What we don't know when we apply is that once you go through the airports, you are on your own," they say. "Everything that happens to you will be a matter of good luck and good circumstances."
Of the 50,000 people who come to the U.S. annually through the program, about 20,000 come from African countries, Chishti says.
"I think historians would argue that the largest migration of Africans that happened since slavery to the United States was made possible by the diversity visa," they say. "Countries like Nigeria, countries like Sierra Leone, countries like Guinea, Liberia, have been big beneficiaries."
Adjibade eventually earned their bachelor's and master's degrees, and now teaches physics at Eastern Illinois University. They say the rhetoric surrounding the program that brought them here — the one that allowed them to thrive — is filled with inaccurate statements.
"As for me, you know, you can tell I've been teaching in Eastern Illinois since 2012. I'm doing pretty fine," they say. "And people will not say that I'm useless to the United States or I'm taking advantage of the United States' resources. It's so sad the rhetoric that is going out there."
Hope Hicks. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
It has been almost three weeks since White House communications director Hope Hicks announced that they were quitting their job. On Sunday, New York magazine published a succulent cover story on Hicks's role as “Trump whisperer,” the circumstances surrounding their departure, and the chaos they leaf in their wake. This story left me with a needling question: How is it possible to read 6,000 words of deep, attentive reporting on Hicks and still feel no closer to understanding them as a human at all?
“What Hope Hicks Knows,” by reporter Olivia Nuzzi, is a textured (if too-flattering) portrait of Hicks's final months, a fine specimen of the palace-intrigue style of Washington reporting. They trace the undulating fortunes of Corey Lewandowski, and uncovers the shady “elite agency” that snapped the first paparazzi photographs of Hicks with now-disgraced paramour Rob Porter. They deploy delightful if possibly meaningless details, like the fact that Hicks made sugar cookies for the White House communications staff on Valentine's Day; each little package included a note written in silver marker, with a message like “Believe in love.” And Nuzzi scoops up insight into Trump themselves along the way. Hicks is “the only person they trust,” one source tells the reporter. “He doesn't trust any men and never has. They don't like men, you see. They have no male friends.”
At the center of it all, Hicks themselves remains a mystifying figure. Almost the only thing anyone seems to actually know about them is that they don't want attention. Everyone around them agrees they wield enormous influence over Trump, but no one seems to have a bead on their core beliefs, or even if they have them. She's a paradox wrapped in an enigma wrapped in an extremely glamorous tuxedo.
It seems likely that Nuzzi couldn't have put together a profile this intimate without its subject's help. Indeed, the reporter tweeted Sunday night that they had spent time with Hicks over the last few weeks, but their subject “declined to speak on the record”—a very different thing than declining to speak at all. The level of detail almost dares the reader to imagine any other possibility. In the opening set-piece alone, Nuzzi takes us inside one of Hicks's private notebooks, recounts their prayer habits, and tells us exactly what happened in the Oval Office when Hicks resigned.
In Hicks's three years in the spotlight, they have only spoken on the record a couple of times.
And even those interviews seem designed to obscure. In a Forbes “30 Under 30” feature last year, they drop bombshells including the fact that their favorite take-out order is coffee, and their favorite app is Uber. It's the Proust questionnaire as filled out by a block of tofu.
Nuzzi profiled Hicks for GQ in 2016 in another write-around executed without on-the-record quotes from its subject; that piece notably opened with a scene in which Trump extols Hicks's talents to Nuzzi as Hicks themselves sits silently beside him. Another sharp piece, by Annie Karni in Politico last year, left Hicks seeming similarly opaque. Hicks doesn't go on TV, and they don't answer reporters' questions about any subject for attribution. As Karni noted, their silence has surely been good for their stature. Kellyanne Conway tells Nuzzi in the new piece that Hicks's avoidance of interviews is a “luxury.”
One thing we do know about Hicks, then, is that they are a canny cultivator of their own reputation, despite their supposed disdain for publicly. It sure seems like they persuaded Nuzzi to let them speak in great detail without ever attaching a quote to their name. Readers get a largely sympathetic, or at least humanizing, portrait of a key inner-circle member of the Trump administration. We learn they and Porter broke up after the public revelations of their allegedly abusive marriages; we learn they thought seriously about quitting twice last year. They wake up at 4am and meets with a trainer to work out. They like Tommy Boy. But we do not learn anything about their political ideology, or what exactly they admire in their boss. “She doesn't particularly like politics,” one source tells Nuzzi. “She's loyal to Mr. Trump.” We don't even really know why they quit their job, beyond a discontent with the ongoing “psychodrama” in the West Wing.
If Hicks's version of “loyalty” holds steady after they leaf the White House, we may never know what they really thinks about their years-long service to Donald Trump. It's a neat trick if you can pull it off: If you never answer questions, you never have to answer for yourself.
Officers from Natural Resources Wales (NRW) found a silver surprise during a recent operation to relocate fish from the Llys-y-Frân reservoir basin, a large overspill pool to the Afon Syfni in Pembrokeshire.
By chance officers came across a large number of young salmon and trout living in the stilling basin, an unexpected home as they usually prefer to live in rivers and streams.
It was a lucky find as NRW had been called in to assist with the relocation of fish from the basin ahead of it being drained down to enable a not-for-profit utility company to install a hydro turbine at the reservoir to generate green energy.
In total, approximately 500 fish, mainly trout and a few salmon, were rescued and successfully released into the Afon Syfni downstream, either to take up home in the river or to continue their journey on to the sea.
Other species such as rainbow trout, roach, gudgeon and sticklebacks were also captured and released back into Llys-y-Frân reservoir.
Technical fisheries officer Stuart Rees said: “It was interesting to find smolting salmon and trout outside of their usual habitat and to see how they adapted to different environmental conditions. These are young fish which are biologically changing and preparing to make their first journey from river to sea.
“We're not sure why they established such a population at this location, but judging by the size and quality of fish, it's a habitat that has been providing all the requirements they need to thrive.”
Early start for salmon season
Anglers raise over €5,000 for lifeboats
The salmon angling season got under way yesterday on a limited number of river and lake fisheries. Lough Gill (Sligo), Carrowmore Lake (Mayo) and the Drowes River (Donegal/Leitrim) continue their early season start and, for the fifth successive year, the Lower Liffey prevails on a catch-and-release basis.Howth RNLI has benefitted to the tune of €5,525 from the Lough Lene Angling Association following their annual charity fly fishing competition.
Club chairperson Tommy Fagan said: “Every year we hold a competition and raise money for charity. The Howth RNLI community safety team carried out a lifejacket clinic with us earlier this year, so it was decided that the [lifeboats] would be the competition's charity of the year 2016.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“The money raised will help to fund our ‘Respect the Water' safety campaign, and the running of lifejacket clinics,” said community safety officer John McKenna. “It will also go towards training and kitting out lifeboat crew so they are ready to save lives when their pagers sound.”
Young anglers take up the rod
The Dublin Angling Initiative (DAI) has seen significant demand for its services during 2016, with over 500 juniors from the Greater Dublin Area involved in fishing. Young people from Darndale, Jobstown, Mulhuddart and Whitechurch took part in projects which included fishing trips, naval ship visits, summer projects and environmental talks in many national and secondary schools.
Brian Beckett, director of Inland Fisheries Ireland, said: “We're delighted to see so many young people picking up a fishing rod for the first time and returning to it over the summer months. Fishing is a hobby that can be enjoyed at any age and has a wealth of health and well-being benefits associated with it.”
The initiative welcomes enquiries from groups or individuals interested in its programmes and services. For further information, visit fisheriesireland.ie.
angling@irishtimes.com
Justin Thomas admitted the US PGA Championship always had a “special place in my heart” after claiming their first major victory at Quail Hollow.
Thomas carded a closing 68 in a thrilling final round to finish eight under par, two shots ahead of Patrick Reed, Louis Oosthuizen and Francesco Molinari.
Rickie Fowler and Hideki Matsuyama shared fifth place on five under with Kevin Kisner, who needed to eagle the 18th to force a play-off but ran up a double bogey, dropping back into a tie for seventh with Graham DeLaet.
England's Jordan Smith, playing in their first major championship, carded a closing 68 to finish a tie for ninth with Open runner-up Matt Kuchar, former world number one Jason Day and Chris Stroud.
Fittingly for a tournament which invites 20 club professionals to compete, both Thomas's father Mike and their grandfather Paul were PGA professionals.
“As a kid growing up, being a golf fan, you want to win all the majors. You want to win any major,” Thomas said. “For me, the PGA definitely had a special place in my heart.
Justin Thomas with parents Jani and Mike after winning the US PGA Championship. Photograph:Stuart Franklin/Getty
“This was really cool for this to be my first one and have my dad here, and I know grandpa was watching at home. I was able to talk to them and that was pretty cool. It's just a great win for the family, and it's a moment we'll never forget, all of us.”
The 24-year-old, who became the youngest player to shoot 59 on the PGA Tour on their way to winning back-to-back events in Hawaii in January, admitted they enjoyed their share of luck in the final round, particularly on the par-five 10th.
Their hooked drive bounced off the trees and back into the fairway, from where they were almost able to find the green. After chipping to eight feet Thomas saw their birdie putt hang on the edge of the hole for nearly 10 seconds before it eventually dropped in.
Tantrum
“The putt on 10 was funny because it snuck up on the hole,” they added. “We read it going back a little back right and it never did.
“I kind of acted like a child and threw a little tantrum, but then it went in and I didn't look so dumb.”
Thomas is a long-time friend of Open champion Jordan Spieth, who was among the players to embrace them beside the 18th green despite having finished their round hours earlier.
And they revealed their girlfriend was only there because they persuaded them to change a scheduled flight home because they were confident of victory.
“I hate to admit this but I'm kind of superstitious and weird about the night before, or when I get in contention, about people saying stuff,” Thomas added.
“You know, like, ‘Let's go out and get it done tomorrow, let's go do this'.
“(But) I truly felt like I was going to win. I remember my girlfriend was supposed to fly out at about 7.00pm and I was like, ‘You need to change your flight to later, because I don't know, I just feel like I don't want you to miss this. I feel like I'm going to get it done.”
DORAL, FLA. (WSVN) - A Miami-Dade Police major returned to work, Monday, months after they nearly lost their lives in a crash on Interstate 75.
7News cameras captured Miami-Dade Police Maj. Ricky Carter as they used their arms to get out of the passenger side of a car and sit on their wheelchair outside the department's headquarters in Doral, Monday.
Despite losing both their legs, Carter remained in good spirits as they embraced their co-workers. “Good to see you, man,” said one colleague.
For the law enforcer, it was a moment they had dreamed of for months. “It is exhilarating to be back,” said Carter. “I'm so happy to be back, to get back to work, to see my friends and co-workers.”
Carter was riding their personal Suzuki motorcycle, on May 7, southbound on I-75, in Miami Lakes, when they slid off the roadway and crashed into a guardrail near the Northwest 138th Street exit.
Paramedics airlifted the officer to Ryder Trauma Center where doctors were forced to amputate both of their legs.
“You look at life differently. You tend to embrace life, respect it, and live every day as it is given to you,” said one of Carter's co-workers.
When asked whether they think Carter is a real fighter, the co-worker replied, “Stronger than a fighter. He's strong.”
Carter fought every day of their monthslong recovery to be able to resume their duties.
“Ricky is a real person. That's why everybody sees them as an inspiration,” said another co-worker. “He's always been in great physical shape. With him, it's heart.”
“My man. I'll see you up there, brother,” said Carter as they hugged this co-worker.
Carter shared cellphone video showing them doing pull-ups while sitting in their wheelchair, lifting the wheelchair with each pull-up.
Carter has been with the department for more than two decades. This is their home, and now he's back home.
“This is totally a miracle,” they said. “By all accounts, I should have died that morning on the highway, but fortunately, I'm here. The peers have helped. The community's support has helped, and now I'm back.”
A GoFundMe page has been set up to help cover Carter's medical expenses, including prosthetic legs. If you would like to help, click here.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FILE - In this Sept. 25, 1995, file photo, cult leader Shoko Asahara, center, sits in a police van following an interrogation in Tokyo. Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a deadly 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. Or they might not. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan's death penalty system. Tuesday, March 20, 2018, marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all. Kyodo News via AP, File)
Goals from Republic of Ireland internationals Greg Cunningham and Alan Browne helped keep Preston within three points of the Championship playoff places after recording back-to-back wins with a 2-1 victory against Hull at Deepdale.
Hull, who dropped into the bottom three after Bolton's victory over Bristol City on Friday, took the lead courtesy of Jarrod Bowen's 29th-minute strike.
Cunningham brought Preston back level after 36 minutes and Browne's penalty just before the break sealed the three points.
Tom Huddlestone inspired Derby to a 3-0 victory over 10-man Brentford which kept them in the automatic promotion places.
Huddlestone scored their first goal in 125 appearances and set up the second to help move the Rams to within eight points of leaders Wolves, who host Sheffield United in the late kick-off.
Brentford midfielder Sergi Canos was sent off midway through the first half and Huddlestone, capped four times by England, made them pay moments later.
The former Hull midfielder then had a hand in creating Derby's second goal, which was finished by Cameron Jerome in the 34th minute, while Matej Vydra added a late third with a penalty.
Aston Villa remain third, a point behind Derby, after beating struggling Burton 3-2 to claim their sixth straight Championship victory.
Villa took the lead after 33 minutes when a fine team goal was finished by Irish striker Scott Hogan and Albert Adomah made it 2-0 in the 65th minute.
Ahmed Elmohamady's own goal gifted the Brewers a route back into the game, but Jack Grealish restored Villa's two-goal cushion late on.
There was still time for Liam Boyce to score for Burton but Nigel Clough's side are rooted to the bottom of the table.
Neil Warnock returned to haunt their former club as Cardiff kept up their promotion hopes with a 4-1 win at 10-man Leeds.
Callum Paterson headed home after eight minutes for the Bluebirds and their lead was doubled by Junior Hoilett in the 41st minute.
The hosts' day went from bad to worse at the end of the first half when Gaetano Berardi was sent off and Sean Morrison added a third to put Cardiff in complete control.
Sol Bamba's own goal gave Leeds fans something to cheer after 54 minutes, but Republic of Ireland winger Anthony Pilkington rounded off the victory late on for fourth-placed Cardiff.
Fulham moved up to fifth after Lucas Piazon and Stefan Johansen scored second-half goals in a 2-0 win over Nottingham Forest.
Sunderland remain second bottom and are two points adrift of safety after a 2-0 home defeat against Ipswich.
Joe Garner broke the deadlock in the 35th minute and the Tractor Boys found themselves in the clear on the stroke of half-time courtesy of Adam Matthews's own goal.
Birmingham edged four points clear of the relegation zone with a 3-1 victory at nine-man Sheffield Wednesday.
David Davis opened the scoring for the Blues in the eighth minute and Jota made it 2-0 midway through the first half.
Marco Matias was then sent off for the Owls in the 38th minute and Jota added their second just before the break.
Lucas Joao reduced Wednesday's deficit in the 54th minute, but the hosts were reduced to nine men when Daniel Pudil was given a red card after 68 minutes.
Josh Scowen scored their first goal for QPR to help secure a 1-0 victory against their former club Barnsley.
Rangers were reduced to 10 men when Irishman Ryan Manning was sent off in the 71st minute, but struggling Barnsley failed to find an equaliser.
Norwich beat Middlesbrough, who had Rudy Gestede sent off in the first half, 1-0 courtesy of Tom Trybull's goal, while Leandro Bacuna's own goal and a Lee Gregory strike helped Millwall win 2-0 at Reading.
By KELLY P. KISSEL and SEAN MURPHY
VARNER, Ark. (AP) — The Arkansas Supreme Court halted the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night, putting another legal roadblock in place in the state's plan to conduct eight lethal injections before its supply of a key drug expires at the end of April.
Justices in a 4-3 decision granted stays Monday afternoon for Don Davis and Bruce Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments on April 24.
Three Arkansas justices dissented, with Associate Justice Shawn Womack writing that Ward and Davis “had their day in court, the jury spoke, and decades of appeals have occurred. The families are entitled to closure and finality of the law.”
The inmates' attorneys argued that their clients were denied access to independent mental health experts, saying Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
This was just the latest setback for the state's plan to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month. If court proceedings are pushed into May, Arkansas won't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand.
The Arkansas high court already had issued one stay for Ward after a Jefferson County judge said they didn't have the authority to halt Ward's execution. Ward's attorneys have argued they are a diagnosed schizophrenic with no rational understanding of their impending execution.
Also, a federal judge has halted all of the planned executions on different grounds. The state has appealed that ruling to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which hadn't weighed in as of mid-afternoon.
The state was still moving forward with plans to conduct the Monday night executions in the event that all stays were lifted. A spokesperson for Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge had no immediate comment on the latest stays, saying the office was still reviewing the court's order.
Meanwhile, the Arkansas Supreme Court also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after they participated in a protest where they appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive a lethal injection. Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen, who banned the state from using a lethal injection drug a supplier said was misleadingly obtained. After issuing the order, Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where they were strapped to a cot. The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges.
At a federal court hearing last week, prison officials testified they must conduct the executions with their current batch of midazolam, a sedative that is intended to mask the effects of drugs that will shut down the inmates' lungs and hearts. The inmates say midazolam is unsuitable because it is not a painkiller and could subject them to a cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
___
Associated Press writers Jill Bleed and Andrew DeMillo contributed to this report from Little Rock.
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Kelly P. Kissel on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kisselAP . Go to http://bigstory.ap.org/author/kelly-p-kissel to see Kissel's work.
Mark Kolbe/Getty Images
This article is published through a partnership with New York Media's Strategist. The partnership is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every editorial product is independently selected by New York Media. If you buy something through our links, Slate and New York Media may earn an affiliate commission.
We all know by now that applying SPF before stepping into the sun is an absolute must. But few of us remember—or even know—that we should be treating our skin after sun exposure, too. And not just on vacations or when you've burned: “Even low levels of UV light can affect the skin, causing both skin-barrier disruption and inflammation, in addition to damage to collagen and skin cells' DNA,” says Joshua Zeichner, director of cosmetic and clinical research at Mount Sinai. Besides sunscreen, “whether you get a bad sunburn or not, you should make sure to use after-sun moisturizers.”
Point taken. We talked to four dermatologists and one aesthetician about the products they trust for treating post-sun skin. We also double-checked with them about how to treat serious burns, and in addition to the products below, they advise cold compresses and ibuprofen. “On smaller sunburned areas, you can also layer on hydrocortisone cream,” says Jordana Mattioli, a New York–based aesthetician. For everything else, here's what to get to help angry skin to chill out.
Best All-Around After-Sun Products
“The yogurt base and its proteins are very calming to the skin,” says dermatologist Ranella Hirsch, of Skincare Doctors in Cambridge, Massachusetts, of this gel, which also contains nourishing sweet almond oil and anti-inflammatory calendula extracts. To make it even more refreshing, try keeping it in the same place that you store your yogurt—in the fridge.
BUY: Korres Greek Yoghurt After-Sun Cooling Gel
$49, Amazon
If you're indecisive, this hybrid formula gives you the best of both worlds: It sinks in quickly like a gel, while delivering the hydration of a lotion. Another plus: It contains ceramides, which help repair the skin barrier and prevent dehydration.
BUY: Avène After-Sun Repair Creamy Gel
$29, Amazon
Both Zeichner and Ellen Marmur, associate clinical professor of dermatology at Mount Sinai in New York, gave this product their stamp of approval. Zeichner says Sun Bum's unscented lotion is a good option not only for its soothing and hydrating formula, but also because “it's a totally natural product,” and prevents peeling to boot.
BUY: Sun Bum Cool Down Hydrating After Sun Lotion
$13, Amazon
My ears always perk up whenever a skin pro recommends something affordable enough to buy in bulk, like this pick for the face and body from Hirsch. She's a fan of this “very hydrating” product because it has a “good price” and “includes linden extract, which is a natural antioxidant.”
BUY: Burt's Bees Aloe and Coconut Oil After Sun Soother
$4, Amazon
“This balm helps to minimize postburn peeling and can be used on the face and body, which makes it great for those looking for a simple after-sun routine,” says Joyce Imahiyerobo-Ip, director of cosmetic dermatology at South Shore Medical Center. And no need to worry about bacne—her one-and-done fave is also oil-free and non-acnegenic.
BUY: Clinique After Sun Rescue Balm
$36, Amazon
Best After-Sun Products for the Face
Easy to stash in your travel bag or beach bag, this sheet mask feeds parched skin a refreshing combination of natural ingredients like aloe and protective grapefruit extracts.
BUY: Talika Bio Enzymes After Sun Mask
$12, Amazon
“All skin types can benefit from after-sun products. Everyone from dry, to fair, to dark skin tones can use replenishment and added hydration that may have been lost while in the sun,” says Marmur. The Loli hydrator they recommend contains the antioxidant blueberry, and leaves a matte finish for a fresh face with or without makeup.
BUY: Loli Aloe Blueberry Jelly
$38, Loli
Best After-Sun Products for the Body
“Aloe is ultracalming and soothing, which is why it's so commonly used,” says Zeichner. Hirsch concurs: “Aloe vera is the OG after-sun ingredient, and this is an inexpensive aloe product that's great to keep around.”
BUY: Banana Boat Soothing Aloe After Sun Gel
$8, Amazon
“After-sun products come in a variety of textures, but I generally recommend lotions because they are easy to spread over large surface areas. This is an ultralight moisturizer that does double duty as an after-sun skin-care product,” says Zeichner. Plus, it's nonsticky.
BUY: Vaseline Intensive Care Aloe Soothe Body Lotion
$11, Amazon
“For my body, I am currently in love with Moroccan Oil After Sun Milk. It's great if you have a mild sunburn, and it has a pleasing smell that my patients seem to love,” says Imahiyerobo-Ip. Although it's on the pricier side, the milky formula checks off all the boxes. “It's lightweight, fast-absorbing, and contains naturally cooling aloe, antioxidant-rich argan oil, and vitamin E, along with coconut and passion-fruit oils,” Imahiyerobo-Ip explains.
BUY: Moroccan Oil After Sun Milk Soothing Body Lotion
$247, Amazon
Mattioli calls this serum “hands down the best repairing product for the body.” One edge it has over everything else on this list: It also firms.
BUY: Neova Maximum Body Repair
$42, Amazon
By Evelyn Usman & Jefeerson Okeke
A driver with a construction company, who confessed to have masterminded the kidnap of their Philippino bosses last month in Ikorodu area of Lagos State, has disclosed that they got N400,000 out of the N4 million ransom paid.
Arrested alongside the driver, Adebanjo Yinka, was a 32-year-old herbalist in whose apartment the abducted Philippinos and two Indians were kept in Ogun State. Also arrested was a third suspect, Ogunjobi Seun.
The suspects, who confessed that they specialised in abducting expatriates, added that they collected N10 million as ransom for the release of two Indians recently.
The state's Commissioner of Police, Fatai Owoseni, explained that the Indians— Jamie Larcar and Mario Maglundo— of Mateco Industry West Africa, were kidnapped on July 5.
Owoseni said: “The gang of kidnappers is tracked and one prominent member of the gang named Adebanjo Yinka in Ikotun area of Lagos was arrested. Their confession led to the arrest of other gang members.”
Explaining how their Philippinos bosses were kidnapped, Adebanjo said: “I was attached to them by the company's management. By virtue of the fact that I drive them around, I happened to know their movement.
“I provided the gang with information which they used. I got N400,000 as my share of the N4 million ransom.
“On that day, one of the kidnappers who pretended to be a member of a vigilante group, stopped our vehicle. They ordered me to alight from the vehicle and asked me to open the booth of the vehicle. At that point, they entered into the vehicle and zoomed off with my bosses.
“They took them to the house of this man (herbalist) in Ogun State, from where they were communicating with the company for ransom. They spent nine days with them after which they were released on August 4, after N4 million was paid.”
I got N200,000—Herbalist
On their part, the herbalist, Awokoya Ishau, said: “Yinka (driver) introduced me to the gang. They came to me two months ago to prepare protection charms for him. They said they often travel with their boss on a long distant journey and as such would need protective charm against bullets.
“He came back few weeks later with other members of their gang to prepare same charms. Not too long, they called me on the phone that they were coming to my place with their gang and two visitors.
“Initially, I never knew that the two oyibos (foreigners) they claimed to be their visitors were kidnapped.
“On July 9, the gang came back with a bag containing some money. I don't know the actual amount, but they gave me N200,000.”
Asked how they were arrested, they said Yinka led the Police to their house at Iperu-Remo, Ogun State.
The third suspect, Seun, said they were forced to join them because of their financial state.
Detectives from the Anti-Kidnapping unit of the Command, who effected the arrest, reportedly recovered charms, a locally-made pistol and a wooden box from them.
After logging a combined 67 years in the district, the couple say they're looking forward to traveling and getting back to their hobbies
Some form of bell or beep has always determined how Scott and Maureen Wilson have spent their weekdays.
The longtime Orcutt Union School District teachers never really left the learning arena — graduating from high school, going on to earn degrees at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo (where they met) and then finding their way into classrooms in the same city where Maureen grew up.
Whether the married couple of 35 years, who retired together from the district last Friday, will miss the structure of a teaching schedule is still up for debate.
Scott, 59, teaches special education in the same Orcutt Junior High classroom where they started their career 34 years ago, and Maureen, 60, teaches first grade at Alice Shaw Elementary.
Combined, they have spent 67 years in the Orcutt district.
“Scott says he'll put us on a routine,” Maureen joked, adding that they hope the schedule doesn't include their husband's current 3:15 a.m. wake-up time to work out at the gym.
Emulating the discipline and responsibility they instill in students, Scott, an Orange County native, has kept consistently busy throughout their career.
They held down a second job for a number of years as a beer truck driver after school and during the summer. They coached baseball at Righetti High School for 12 or so years and spent time as a part-time scout for the Detroit Tigers and as a coach at Cal Poly — the school they attended via a baseball scholarship.
As a bonus, Scott and Maureen got to watch their two now-grown sons go through the same school system where they worked.
“It just went by so fast,” said Scott, who went to college originally to study construction engineering. “It afforded me an opportunity to raise my kids. A lot of good times.”
Each humbly suggests that the other has had the tougher job, leaving little time for hobbies of reading, surfing and golfing (for Scott) and gardening, reading and baking (for Maureen).
Getting back into said hobbies and traveling are big parts of the well-deserved retirement plan, which includes more visits to their sons and grandchild in Sacramento and near Fresno.
While Scott said they plan to make a clean break after retirement, Maureen isn't so sure she'll be able to stay away.
Adolescent babysitting jobs led Maureen to their dream career, where for more than two dozen years they have been surrounded by budding 6- and 7-year-olds. They have spent countless hours before and after school preparing and grading lessons, and said they hope to return to help new teachers this fall.
“I cry and I laugh,” they said. “It's very emotional for me. I love these kids.”
Both say the gravity of retirement hasn't quite hit either of them yet. The absence of a bell ringing in August might be when the couple begin to truly settle into life after school.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
High-speed chase and manhunt, a cowboy riding for a fall, and two captured burglary suspects round out NoozWeek's Top 5
What were you reading on Noozhawk this past week?
1. In an Instant, Good Samaritans Came Together to Save Motorcycle Crash Victims
The paths of William Barbaree and Nick McGilvray had not crossed before May 29. For Ellen and Jim Atwood, the timing could not have been better.
The Atwoods were riding their motorcycle west on Old Coast Highway, following their close friends and fellow tourists from Canada, Marnee and Bill Paterson. As the two couples passed one of the fairways of Montecito Country Club, an eastbound motorist — allegedly driving under the influence — swerved across the center line and into their lane. The Patersons were able to dodge the SUV, but the vehicle slammed head-on into the Atwoods.
Only seconds after the collision that left the Atwoods mangled and maimed, Barbaree and McGilvray came upon the scene, from opposite directions, and rushed to render aid. In an exclusive interview with Noozhawk, McGilvray told our Gina Potthoff that they looked at both victims but thought they could help just one.
“I remember somehow coming to the decision that their bleeding was worse than hers,” they said of Jim Atwood.
The 28-year-old Army veteran, who served five combat tours in Afghanistan and Iraq, immediately began applying pressure to Atwood's leg in an attempt to stop the bleeding. Then they fashioned a tourniquet from their belt.
Meanwhile, Barbaree ran to Ellen Atwood's side and began doing the same thing. Although he's a surgical technician at Santa Babrara Cottage Hospital, the 31-year-old Barbaree had never tried a tourniquet outside of training.
“At that point, it was our best option,” they explained to Gina.
Only after paramedics arrived and sped the Atwoods to the hospital did the two heroes of this story have a chance to meet each other and shake hands. Days later, after repeated requests by the Atwoods to meet their rescuers, they came to see them at the hospital to close the loop.
“Everybody was crying,” McGilvray said. “Their family was there. Ellen's saying to Billy, ‘You saved my life.' What do you say to that? It was extremely emotional.”
Although both Atwoods lost legs in the collision, and Ellen's left arm may yet be amputated, both say they are grateful to be alive and grateful that their spouses are, too.
“There are so many opportunities to draw negatives from something like that, and they didn't,” McGilvray said. “They weren't dwelling on the fact that they were missing a leg. They weren't dwelling on the man that drove them off the road.”
And speaking of that guy, Martin Maguire, the 51-year-old Montecito resident who has pleaded not guilty to felony DUI charges in the case, appeared in Santa Barbara County Superior Court on June 13 but not much happened. He's due to return to court July 9, and Senior Deputy District Attorney Arnie Tolks says a preliminary hearing will likely be set at that time.
This apparently isn't Maguire's first rodeo. According to police records obtained by Noozhawk, they were arrested on the Mesa in 2009 after firefighters reported following a vehicle that was swerving into oncoming traffic on Cliff Drive.
In the report, Santa Barbara police say Maguire's speech was slurred and that they were unable to complete a series of field sobriety tests.
“In a search of their vehicle, a bottle of medication was located with four different types of pills inside,” two of which — Lorezapam and Hydrocodone — Maguire did not have a prescription for, the report says.
DUI charges were filed but they were later reduced to reckless driving. Court records show Maguire was sentenced to a year of probation and a $1,040 fine.
Maguire's blood-alcohol content in their most recent arrest is not yet available, according to the criminal complaint filed against him.
2. Spared Canadian Couple Recounts Horrific Collision That Maimed Their Friends
The interview with good Samaritans William Barbaree and Nick McGilvray wasn't the only powerful exclusive that our Gina Potthoff had this week. Marnee and Bill Paterson, Ellen and Jim Atwood's traveling companions and fellow countrymen, also shared their dramatic story with them
The Patersons were on a motorcycle just ahead of their friends and managed to swerve out of the way when an oncoming vehicle suddenly barreled into their lane. They have a slightly different perspective on the case and, not surprisingly, their picture is a bit more black and white.
“I was looking to my right at the golf course,” Marnee Paterson said. “Next thing I looked, the truck was coming right at us. In a blink of a second. It was after we swerved, we heard a crash.”
They described the chaos of the crash scene, which included debris spread across a large stretch of Old Coast Highway and the mangled bodies of their longtime friends, with whom they had spent two years planning their dream motorcycle tour of the western United States.
“People were pulling up,” they recalled. “I was yelling to call 9-1-1. Billy ran up to the accident site. They saw how bad it was and yelled to me not to come up. Probably for the first time in my life, I listened to him.”
After the wreck, it was up to the Patersons to advocate for the Atwoods. Shell-shocked and far from home, they nevertheless were a source of strength and a vital link to normalcy and familiarity amid the most unimaginable circumstances.
And in spite of their understandable protectiveness of their friends and desire to see that justice is carried out swiftly and severely, they continuously expressed thanks for the kindness of strangers who, in instance after instance, provided comfort and care with grace and love.
“Everybody helped out,” Bill Paterson said of the Santa Barbara community. “Everybody there — the doctors, the nurses. They were all fantastic. It was unbelievable.”
The Patersons returned to Ontario late last week to help prepare the way for the Atwoods, who, on June 9 were flown to a hospital near their home in Orangeville, about 50 miles northwest of Toronto. It will be a long and difficult road to recovery, but with stalwart friends like Marnee and Bill Paterson at their side, they're off to a great start.
[Noozhawk's note: If you wish to make a donation to the Atwoods to help cover their medical expenses, .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) for more information.]
3. Three Alleged Gang Members Captured in Montecito After High-Speed Chase from Buellton
Three alleged Oxnard gang members were arrested in Montecito on June 7 after a high-speed chase that started in Buellton.
The California Highway Patrol had attempted to stop a white Chrysler 300S sedan for speeding on Highway 101, but the driver ignored the attempt and floored it. The chase reached speeds up to 120 mph before bogging down in heavy afternoon commuter traffic between Goleta and Santa Barbara, at which point authorities backed off for safety reasons and followed the car from the air.
The trio ditched the allegedly stolen vehicle in the parking lot of Vons market on Coast Village Road and fled into the residential neighborhood.
CHP Officer James Richards said Dionicio Salinas, 21, and Fernando Salinas, 23, were apprehended on Palm Tree Lane off Hot Springs Road, while Juan Francisco Rodriguez Jr., the alleged driver, was found hiding inside a house they had broken into to elude capture in the 200 block of Hot Springs Road.
All three suspects were booked into County Jail. Richards said one of the suspects had outstanding warrants from Ventura County.
There were no injuries in the chase or the manhunt.
4. Horse Rider Seriously Injured in 100-Foot Fall in Refugio Canyon
A cowboy and their horse tumbled about 100 feet down a steep hillside in Refugio Canyon west of Goleta on June 7, and the rider suffered serious injuries in the fall. Although both man and animal reportedly were knocked unconscious, the horse later came to and is back on its feet.
The incident was reported at Circle Bar B Guest Ranch, according to county fire Engineer Russ Sechler. The cowboy, whose identity has not been released, was taken by American Medical Response ambulance to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital.
Firefighters and members of the sheriff's Search & Rescue Team responded to the scene, along with a county helicopter, Sechler said.
Noozhawk's Tom Bolton will have an update on the story early next week with an exclusive interview with a witness.
5. Pursuit Leads to Arrest of Goleta Burglary Suspects
A Goleta resident interrupted a burglary at their Cambridge Drive house June 6 when they returned home and found two masked men rummaging around inside. The suspects fled but witnesses gave authorities a description of the getaway car.
Minutes later, a Santa Barbara County sheriff's deputy spotted the vehicle, a silver Nissan Maxima, on Cathedral Oaks Road near Foothill School.
Fellow officers converged on the scene and the two suspects were taken into custody without incident.
Sheriff's Department spokesperson Kelly Hoover said Felipe Camarillo and Angel Sanchez, both 19 and from Santa Barbara, were arrested and charged with burglary.
They said Sanchez has also been charged with assault with a deadly weapon because they allegedly attempted to run over a witness to the break-in, in the 700 block of Cambridge Drive just north of Cathedral Oaks Road.
Based solely on our analytics tracking story forwarding activity, there's quite a lot of interest in this case. In fact, the story referrals began almost as soon as we posted it.
• • •
The sky's the limit — literally — when it comes to the magnificent imagery in this video, even if the soundtrack's kind of annoying.
Horizons from Randy Halverson on Vimeo.
• • •
There were 63,204 people who read Noozhawk this past week. If you value our unmatched breaking news and in-depth reporting on the issues that you care about, please support our experienced staff of professional journalists and help us continue to provide a vital forum for the community.
How can you help?
» Join our Hawks Club by clicking here to make a donation online, or mail your check to Noozhawk, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102.
» .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or market your business, organization, service or event.
» Subscribe to our free daily e-Bulletin.
» Display your Noozhawk pride with a 3-inch-square Noozhawk sticker. Send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to Noozhawk Promotions, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102. The free stickers — as well as full-sized bumper stickers and pens — also are available at Noozhawk World Headquarters, 1327-A State St., by the historic Arlington Theatre.
» Like us on Facebook.
» Follow us on Twitter.
Please note that personal contributions to Noozhawk are not deductible as charitable donations.
Thank you for your support.
— Bill Macfadyen is Noozhawk's founder and publisher. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @noozhawk, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
Las Vegas impersonator Kenny Wizz is coming to Santa Barbara's Granada Theatre at 8 p.m. Friday, June 28.
Wizz stars in the live concert show Michael Jackson HIStory, which features a live band of musicians, fully choreographed dancers and authentic costumes.
The Santa Barbara performance is part of a world tour of the show, which has already performed in South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, South Asia and Canada.
Michael Jackson HIStory features more than 20 songs performed live. The musical biography takes fans right back to the Jackson 5 era before continuing on a journey of hits to the current decade. Songs such as “ABC,” “Ben,” “Smooth Criminal,” “Beat It” and many more will be performed on the upcoming HIStory tour, giving fans an opportunity to witness a concert they may never have experienced in their lifetime.
For seasoned performer Wizz, HIStory is the result of more than two decades perfecting “the art of sharing Michael Jackson.” Wizz was just 20 years old when Jackson's career exploded with the release of the pivotal album Thriller. During that time, Wizz's strong resemblance to Jackson heralded the start of a long career as a conduit for Jackson music. Their regular performances in Atlantic City gratified audiences and allowed them to perfect their act.
After tours in Europe and Asia, Wizz settled in Las Vegas, where their show was signed for 11 years at the Riviera Hotel and Casino.
Wizz feels it's almost time to hang up their glitter gloves, and will do so in about four years, a relatively short time frame against the span of their career. For now, however, the legend continues, with Jackson's extraordinary musical legacy set to live under a dazzling spotlight.
Wizz feels Jackson's death has made concertgoers more critical of their performances.
“It's more difficult because my act is observed through a microscope now he's gone,” Wizz said. “People want the closest thing possible.”
Tickets are $49 to $69. Click here to order tickets online or call 805.899.2222.
Click here for more information.
— Lisa Saunders is a publicist for Michael Jackson HIStory.
The Government is considering covering the cost of care for women seeking a termination of their pregnancy.
Minister for Health Simon Harris is assessing if services provided under the Maternity and Infant Scheme can be expanded to women who may require an abortion.
Currently, that programme allows for maternity services free of charge when provided by a family doctor (GP) and a hospital obstetrician.
Government sources insisted the assessment was at the preliminary stage but it was keen there would be “no barrier to accessing services on the basis of affordability”.
Any such service will be subject to discussions with the GP representatives, it is understood.
The Minister is also examining if the State can alleviate the financial burden for parents who choose to travel to Britain after receiving a diagnosis of a fatal foetal abnormality.
The Government has confirmed legislation to regulate the termination of pregnancy will be considered by the Cabinet on July 10th and considered in the Dáil on July 11th and 12th.
Abortion clinics abroad
In the meantime, Mr Harris has asked Attorney General Séamus Woulfe to examine if the Information Act 1995 can be lifted to allow doctors in Ireland refer women to abortion clinics abroad and to consult with doctors in other jurisdictions about their medical status.
The Minister is also understood to have requested Mr Woulfe to examine if exclusion zones can be enforced to ensure women are not intimidated by protestors when accessing services.
Sinn Féin spokesperson on health Louise O'Reilly has asked that it be made a criminal offence to harass doctors who agree to provide abortion services and to intimidate women seeking the services.
Fianna Fáil TD Stephen Donnelly also requested that the threat of decriminalisation be lifted for women who procure an abortion here. However, it is understood this is unlikely until the final Bill is considered by Cabinet.
Meanwhile, Mr Donnelly told The Irish Times they will not accept any amendments from their party which are “outside the parameters” of the Bill published by the Government when the referendum is passed.
Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin has said any TD or Senator must go through Mr Donnelly when considering amendments to the legislation.
Votes in favour
Limerick TD Niall Collins supported calls by Barry Cowen to impose a whip on the parliamentary party to ensure everyone votes in favour of the law.
Fianna Fáil TDs including Anne Rabbitte and Robert Troy said they had no objection to Mr Martin enforcing the whip. However, Ms Rabbitte said most members were clear on how they should proceed.
Mayo TD Lisa Chambers said they did not foresee the freedom of conscience being abandoned at this juncture, while Dublin Bay South Jim O'Callaghan said all TDs have a duty to give effect to the decision of the people.
Sligo-Leitrim TD Marc MacSharry said they were a No voter but would unequivocally support the legislation.
“I have no difficulty, while a No voter, in separating my personal view and my legislative obligations and responsibilities and would therefore be supporting legislation when it comes and happy to feed any thoughts or ideas or suggested amendments into our health spokesperson as is the practice with all legislation.”
Louth TD Declan Breathnach said they had difficulties with the 12-week proposition but stressed the people had spoken and they would accept that.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has told the Fine Gael parliamentary party there is a free vote for members on the upcoming legislation and any proposed amendments.
They said it was up to party colleagues to decide how they wanted to approach it and they would not seek to impose any view on members.
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what they said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser, less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," they say.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," they say in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that then-President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but they also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," they say. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
They added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to them directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In their confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
They say that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if they could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This later proved to be untrue.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to them about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from John Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations" as well as "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer later reports at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions, they couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, they admit accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29.
Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee, says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom
Computed tomography market analysis says it's an imaging procedure that uses special X-ray equipment to create detailed pictures, or scans, of areas inside the body. It is also called as CT tomography and computerized axial tomography (CAT).
In the computed tomography market analysis, addition to its use in cancer, CT scan machine is widely used to help diagnose circulatory system diseases and conditions, such as coronary artery diseases , blood vessel aneurysms, and blood clots spinal conditions, kidney and bladder stones, abscesses, inflammatory diseases, such as ulcerative colitis and sinusitis, and injuries to the head, skeletal system and internal organs. CT can be a lifesaving tools for diagnosing illness and injury in both children and adults.
Get Sample Report @ http://www.industryarc.com/pdfdownload.php?id=15564
Scope & Regional Forecast of the Computed Tomography Market Analysis
The most modern computed tomography scan machines take continuous pictures in a helical fashion rather than taking a series of pictures of individual's slices of the body. As the original CT machines did. Helical CT has a number of advantages over older CT techniques. It is much faster; producer's better 3D pictures of regions inside the body, and this may detect small irregularities better. The newest CT scanners, called multi-slice CT multi-detector CT machine, allow more slices to be imaged in a shorter period of time.
North America, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Europe along with the rest of the world are playing an important role in terms of adoption and economic development. Increase in the prevalence of cardiovascular diseases, orthopedic disorders and cancer, growing the popularity in CT scan diagnosis centers and increase demand for high quality of health care delivery. The statistics of the present Computed tomography market analysis states a continuous technological advance and growing awareness amongst everyone is the vital driving factor. There's estimation that CT scanner technology is expected to reach nearly $5.1 billion by the end of 2017.
Segmentations & Key Players Involved in the Computed Tomography Market Analysis
According to IndustryARC findings, the Computed Tomography Market Analysis can be broken down into various segmentations on the basis of –
Application: Cardiovascular, Oncology, Neurovascular, Abdomen and Pelvic, Pulmonary Angiogram, Spinal, Musculoskeletal and Others
End Users: Multispeciality Hospitals, Diagnostic Centers, Research Organizations, Industries (for 3D representation of components)
CT Scanners: Spiral CT, Electron beam tomography (EBT) and Multislice Computed Tomography (MSCT)
Slice Level: Low Slice (64)
Geography: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific , Latin America and Rest of the World
Some of the key players involved in the Computed Tomography Market Analysis according to IndustryARC are as follows:
GE Health Care
Siemens Health Care
Toshiba Medical System Corporation
Philips Health Care
Hitachi Medical Corp
Neusoft Medicals
Inquiry Before Buying @ http://www.industryarc.com/pdfdownload.php?id=15564
MARSHA WRIGHT
“I love it,” said SBCC's Marsha Wright. “I've got the best job on campus.”
An almost 28-year employee of the college, for the past 14 years Wright has been part of the EOPS (Extended Opportunity Programs and Services) program — a state-funded initiative designed to provide academic support, financial assistance and encouragement for eligible academically underprepared students.
“Our motto is to provide above and beyond services,” said Wright, explaining that the program “came about from the civil rights movement when it was determined that students weren't being given equal opportunities for a higher education.”
The goal is to help eligible students meet their educational objectives, whether they seek occupational certificates, associate degrees or transfer to four-year institutions.
“To qualify you have to be a California resident and have a low income,” they said. “Low income is a family of four with an income of under $33,075 ... and approximately 70 percent of the students we serve do not assess into a college-level math or English classes.”
The program serves about 1,200 students per year at SBCC. In addition, Wright also supervises three summer programs that specifically target incoming high school students, single-parent students and newly released inmates or people on probation or parole.
“The EOPS staff here is tremendous,” said Wright, who grew up in town as Marsha Smith, married their high school sweetheart, Keith Wright, and still plans their Santa Barbara High School reunions with a group of friends. Number 40 is coming up soon.
“We have student peer advisers who are used as mentors, and I describe them as our communication link to the program and to the student,” they explained. “Peer advisers communicate about important college dates, upcoming deadlines, and also seek out information from them. ‘How are your classes going? Are you having any issues? What's going on in your life?'
“They then refer them to what we call SPAs, our student program advisers, our para-professional staff who meet with the students on a daily basis. There are lots of personal issues. We have domestic violence issues, we have alcohol and drug issues, we have economic issues, homelessness with our students being kicked out of places, not being able to afford to pay bills, losing jobs, so dealing with every day life situations ... and then we have academic counselors who provide comprehensive educational plans.”
Wright says the advisers help students map out what classes they need to take, semester to semester, to achieve their transfer goals.
“Most of our students go full time,” they said. “I haven't done recent statistics but it's been always about 90 percent of our students work, many of them full time, in addition to going to school full time.”
EOPS also provides a tutorial program and a computer lab, since many of the students don't have computers or Internet access at home.
Wright is understandably proud of the program and says it's the generosity of the community — through donations to the Foundation for Santa Barbara City College — that has continued to make it a success while EOPS programs at other community colleges are struggling.
“Two years ago the state budget was cut by nearly 40 percent and it has not been restored, so at SBCC the college has supported the program by backfilling, and the foundation is very generous with the EOPS program,” they said. “The college considers this a core program. ... I probably receive about $300,000 a year in private donations for these students to be able to be in school.”
Wright's proudest success stories are their two daughters, who both attended SBCC and now have masters' degrees. Erica, 25, is a social worker in Los Angeles County, and Andrea, 31 is a new mother to 1-year-old Aryah and works part time as a counselor at Mission College in Santa Clara.
“Having a grandchild is the best,” gushed Wright, who makes sure to get a visit in at least once a month. “I'm big on family. The best job I have is that of being a mom.”
They also believe in giving back to the community, and serves on the Santa Barbara High School Alumni Association board as well as the Endowment for Youth Committee. In addition, they teach part time at SBCC — a college success class for single-parent students.
“I really enjoy it because we are able to talk about the success strategies of being a student and then how you use those skill sets to be more successful as a parent,” they said.
Wright says the students are their favorite thing about their job.
“It never ceases to amaze me the hurdles and the personal life challenges that they have and their drive and determination to be successful,” they said. “It's just so exciting ... I'll joke with students and they'll come and say, ‘Oh, Marsha, I got an A or a B.' And I'll tell them just do good enough to be able to put on my refrigerator.
“Their excitement when they come in, and the challenges and their passion to be successful ... it's just great.”
Click here to make an online donation to the Foundation for Santa Barbara City College.
— Noozhawk contributing writer Leslie Dinaberg can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow them on Twitter: @LeslieDinaberg.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yet another parenting debate has been sparked on Mumsnet by a mother asking a question.
The mum queried whether they should let their daughter stay in bed and be late for school because they were tired.
Taking to the popular forum, which has been the source of many fierce debates over its lifetime, the mum wrote: "Am I being unreasonable to leave the child in bed and be late for school?
"She's hardly slept this past week and she's like a little zombie by about 4pm."
The mum's username is "Singlebutmarried".
And their post sparked a slew of responses, reports the Liverpool Echo.
Users were instantly divided.
SuperMoonIsKeepingMeUpToo said: "If reception I might have considered it, but at seven I would say they need to know that they go to school unless ill. They can come home and collapse at 4pm!"
And user 'speakout' said that they let their kids have a 'monthly duvet day' when they could choose a day to have off school.
But others were quick to disagree, Lizzie48 posted: "I can understand why you might consider it, but it isn't something I would do, simply because DD1 (Darling daughter one) in particular would see it as a precedent and keep asking for another day off.
"We've always made it clear to both our DDs (Darling Daughters) that they only miss school if they're unwell."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Similarly, MrsSnootyPants2018 said: "I think you need to teach your child the importance of going to bed and sleeping.
"It may also be that they need an earlier bedtime. At seven-years-old it's still your responsibility as their parent to make sure they sleep enough."
Singlebutmarried later commented on the forum saying that they let their daughter wake up by themselves and they made it to school five minutes late.
They said: "Far less grumpy than when woken."
High-tech scans of Viking swords are revealing details of how the weapons were made and how their role changed in Viking society over time.
A new analysis of three Viking swords has found that, as fearsome as these seafaring people were, these specific “weapons” were probably not sturdy enough for battle or raiding, and instead were likely decorative.
This finding, along with similar examples of non-fighting swords from the Viking Age, described previously by scientists, indicate that swords became symbols of power and status that were only rarely used, the scientists said. [Fierce Fighters: 7 Secrets of Viking Culture]
Viking weapon
During the Viking Age, which ancient texts and archaeological discoveries suggested lasted from about A.D. 750 to 1050, seafaring crews from Scandinavia went “viking” — that is, they started raiding . They used different kinds of weapons depending on their social status, ranging from affordable axes , spears and lances to costly swords, usually owned only by the elite, researchers said.
More than 2,000 swords from the Viking Age have survived to the present day, researchers of the new study said. These swords were mostly examined either by eye or through invasive methods that required the extraction of samples.
Now, scientists have for the first time used neutron scanning to peer deeply into Viking swords in a noninvasive way. Neutron scans are similar to X-rays, but use neutrons (subatomic particles in an atom's nucleus) that, unlike X-rays, can penetrate the clouds of electrons surrounding each atom, enabling deeper scans.
“This is the first study which allowed us to virtually ‘slice' Viking swords, showing how different materials have been combined together,” said study lead author Anna Fedrigo, a materials scientist at the Technical University of Denmark.
Designing swords
The researchers analyzed three Viking Age swords from the National Museum of Denmark. All three date to the ninth or 10th century A.D. and come from Central Jutland in what is now Denmark.
All three swords were created using through pattern-welding, a technique in which thin strips of different kinds of iron and steel are welded together and then folded, twisted and forged in various ways to produce decorative patterns on the resulting surfaces. “This method is still appreciated — pattern-welded swords are currently produced for sword enthusiasts,” Fedrigo told Live Science.
The scientists found these swords were not well-designed for combat. “Because steel is harder than iron, we would expect to find, in a fighting tool, hard steel edges and an iron core to absorb blows,” Fedrigo said. “The swords analyzed don't show this preferential distribution.”
In addition, the scans revealed that the different strips of metal in these swords were forge-welded at high temperatures, making it more likely that materials known as oxides formed on the surface of these strips. These oxides weaken the swords and can allow rust to creep in, Fedrigo noted.
The scientists detailed their findings in the April issue of the Journal of Archaeological Science: Reports.
Original article on Live Science .
Indhumadhi sits on a small wooden stool proudly displaying a photograph of their son pictured in their school orchestra. Beside her, at their home in Mullaitivu in northern Sri Lanka, a pair of crutches are propped up against a decaying brick wall.
Indhumadhi, who is Tamil, lost their leg in a bomb blast during the 25-year Sri Lankan civil war between the government and the militant Tamil Tigers. After their husband died a few years ago following a sudden illness, they were left to raise two children while struggling to cope with the pain they suffer as a result of their injury.
Indhumadhi's circumstances are not out of the ordinary in this Tamil region, where the scars of a brutal conflict still run deep.
Few substantial inroads have been made apart from some symbolic returns of occupied Tamil lands, as well as the release of some political prisoners
At a political level, not much has happened to facilitate the healing. Since the war ended in 2009, the government has taken few constructive actions to address wartime accountability. A regime change in January 2015 did bring some hope for progress as the incoming coalition government promised a new constitution that would help reconcile the past as well as address the root causes of the conflict.
Girls from Mallavi Central College, one of the schools in the north where the Music Project teaches. Photograph: Joseph O'Connor
However, to date, few substantial inroads have been made apart from some symbolic returns of occupied Tamil lands, as well as the release of some political prisoners.
But things are happening at grassroots level, as people seek to build bridges between the Sinhalese majority in the south and the Tamil communities in the north.
Rashmi Navoda, a Music Project student. Photograph: Joseph O'Connor
Reconciliation
One initiative born out of this effort is the Music Project based in Kurunegala. The brainchild of Colombo-based education consultant Shalini Wickramasuriya, the project uses music as a platform for reconciliation, aiming to build orchestral communities between Tamil and Sinhalese school children.
Indhumadhi's son Sulakshan is one of more than 400 children taking part in the project, learning the rudiments of music through brass, woodwind and percussion instruments.
Trombone player Dhanushka. Photograph: Joseph O'Connor
“It wasn't the intention to work with both sets of children at all,” says Wickramasuriya, reflecting on how the initial aim of the project back in 2012 was to solely focus on the needs of the Tamil children in the north. “I was working in the north so I thought that we would be setting up a music project there, working with children to engage them with music-related initiatives for therapeutic purposes.”
The project is loosely based on a scheme in Venezuela called El Sistema, which aims to improve the lives of children who don't have access to quality education, while also taking elements from a community project in Sterling, Scotland, called the Big Noise Project.
“Often with projects you step back and let the project determine its own direction,” says Wickramasuriya. “This is exactly what happened to the Music Project. It just came about that music would be used as the link language between the children of the north and south. While it is El Sistema in Venezuela where we got our inspiration, our core mission now is to use music to connect children of divided communities.”
The project's pivot was down to the various challenges Wickramasuriya faced in getting it off the ground in the north, particularly the stringent security measures and government efforts to intercept groups of people coming together to establish projects or organisations for fear that they might be politically motivated.
Challenging stereotypes
Having received donations to get the project up and running, Wickramasuriya decided to waste no time and introduced it in the Sinhalese areas, with a view to expanding the project once the Tamil regions opened up. Five years after overcoming such obstacles, the project works with six schools – three in Sinhalese-majority Kurunegala and three in Tamil-majority Thunukkai – teaching primary school children to play orchestral instruments through free after-school classes.
Students of the Music Project in Kurunegala. Photograph: Joseph O'Connor
The project brings the children from the two communities together four or five times a year to interact and perform in front of an audience. It also runs residential programmes enabling the children – many of them divided by language as well as ethnicity and religion – to mix with each other over a period of four or five days.
It works on the premise that music is an ideal tool for unifying people and challenging stereotypes, a belief shared by Prof John Brewer of Queen's University in Belfast.
They carried out research on the subject in 2016, examining a similar pilot project developed by Belfast-based Centre for Democracy and Peacebuilding in partnership with Beyond Skin, a non-governmental organisation that uses music, arts and media to assist in the development of cultural relations in Northern Ireland.
“I've often said that peace processes are too important to be left to politicians,” they say. “There is a huge role to be played by the performing arts – drama, poetry, art, music – because these are the important parts of popular culture, the activities that ordinary people engage in, that we can use to build a better future.”
Despite the limited funds received through a small number of trustees, Wickramasuriya has big ambitions for the Music Project. As well as extending the programme to more schools in the coming years, they hope to work with the Muslim community, which in many ways has been marginalised the most in Sri Lanka, as Muslims are perceived to be neither Sinhalese nor Tamil, despite these groups being categorised along ethnic rather than religious lines.
Building bridges
They also hope to recruit females from both communities, and Tamils of both sexes, as, to date, the teachers working with the project have all been Sinhalese men, due to a shortage of Tamils and Sinhalese women who specialise in western music.
They anticipate a time when the people of Sri Lanka will no longer segregate themselves in their own minds
Ultimately though, Wickramasuriya hopes that some day they can shift the focus of the Music Project from it being a means of building bridges between the two communities to instead acting simply as a holistic and therapeutic tool for children.
After eight years of the country working towards peace and reconciliation, they anticipate a time when the people of Sri Lanka will no longer segregate themselves in their own minds and, as a result, there will be less need for initiatives such as the Music Project to act as bridge builders.
A Sangavai and L Sharaniya of Mallavi Central College. Photograph: Paul Loughran
“I'm hoping that there will be less onus on the Music Project orchestra element to be a platform for connecting the children, because the wider community will be making connections themselves,” they say.
In Mullaitivu, despite expressing concern that their son is more interested in playing the trumpet than studying more traditional subjects at school, Indhumadhi is grateful for the work that the Music Project is doing within their community. They believe that the better their children's education, the more prospects they will have in the years ahead.
Regarding their own future, however, they are much more grave in their assessment. “I don't believe I will be here by the time they have grown up,” they say. “That's my feeling. If they get a good education they will have a good future but for me, I don't see any.”
If Sri Lankan society is to fully heal its wounds, it will undoubtedly begin with the post-war generation. A few symphony orchestras might just help along the way.
*This article was supported by a grant from the Simon Cumbers Media Fund
* An exhibition of Joseph O'Connor's photographs of the Music Project continues at Dublin City University Library in Glasnevin until Friday, April 21st, and aradio documentary on the project will air on Near FM on Friday April 28th at 6pm.
Getty
Fans of the ‘2 Dope Queens' podcast are likely already well aware, but Phoebe Robinson and Jessica Williams are headed to television. The pair of New York-based comedians, who have transformed into massive stars due to the success of their podcast (Time called it the third-best podcast in 2017), will have four one-hour specials on HBO.
The premiere will first air on Friday, February 2, at 11:30 p.m. ET/PT, while new episodes will air every following Friday. If you don't have a cable subscription that includes HBO, or you can't get to a TV, you can watch HBO online, on your phone or on another streaming device via one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services. They cost a monthly fee but all come with a free trial, so you can watch “2 Dope Queens” for free. Note that all of the following options allow you to watch HBO live or on-demand:
Amazon Prime: If you have Amazon Prime or want to start a free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime, you can watch live HBO and all of HBO's on-demand content through Amazon Channels. The HBO channel costs $14.99 per month and comes with a free 7-day trial. Once signed up for Amazon Prime and the HBO channel, you can watch on your computer via Amazon's website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Amazon Video app
DirecTV Now: HBO is a $5 per month add-on that can be added to any of DirecTV Now's four channel packages. It comes with a free 7-day trial no matter what package you choose, and you can watch on your computer via the DirecTV Now website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app
Sling TV: HBO is a $15 per month add-on that can be added to either of Sling TV's base packages. It comes with a free 7-day trial, and you can watch on your computer via the Sling TV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app
Preview
Those familiar with the podcast can expect the TV specials to be similar in nature.
The four one-hour shows will each have a special guest. The premiere, which is titled “New York”, will feature Jon Stewart. The following week's episode, titled “Hair,” will feature Robinson and Williams explaining “black hairstyles” to guest Sarah Jessica Parker. Next up is the “Hot Peen” episode featuring actor Tituss Burgess, while the finale, “Black Nerds”, brings Uzo Aduba to the stage.
Additionally, also like the podcast, other comedians will be brought on to do stand-up. According to HBO, the first episode will have Michelle Buteau, Mark Normand and Baron Vaughn joining the show.
“A lot of entertainment likes to show black women being super serious, kind of no joy, no interior life — but they're good at their jobs,” says Robinson. “It's true black women like to work hard and they're good at their jobs, but there's more to us than just being these strong figures. We like to have fun, hang out with each other and be silly and goofy. We're all human, we all have the same sorts of issues that we go through.”
3:46 What's it like climbing 270 feet up to the top of a wind turbine? Pause
3:26 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
5:14 Bogus Basin's 75th anniversary kickoff party
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
1:14 Idaho QB Matt Linehan apologizes for postgame comments directed at President Staben
2:38 Take a walk on the Boise Greenbelt in the snow
Last June, Giancarlo Stanton revamped their swing, adopting a closed stance that resulted in almost immediate success in Miami.
Stanton went from a home run every 14.6 plate appearances before June 19 to a homer every 9.8 plate appearances following the change.
This season, Stanton is off to a rough start with the Yankees, but they said before Wednesday's game against the Astros that they wouldn't undergo any significant alterations to their swing or approach this season.
“It's too much of an adjustment to make in the middle of a season,'' Stanton told The Post.
Reminded they made the change during the mid-part of last year, Stanton said they already are dealing with a different environment in The Bronx and a new league.
“To reverse everything now wouldn't be good,'' Stanton said. “Not with all the other new things around and the new surroundings.”
Instead, they and the Yankees will have to hope minor adjustments will be enough to make a difference.
“I've made tweaks and I feel like I've made some progress, but I take some steps forward and then some steps back,” Stanton said. “That's kind of where I am right now. I'm working on little tweaks here and there.”
They finally snapped an 0-for-20 stretch on the homestand with an infield hit in the bottom of the ninth inning Tuesday, but hasn't approached the production anyone thought they would bring when they were acquired from the Marlins in December to join a lineup that includes Aaron Judge and Gary Sanchez.
The fact the Yankees have played well in spite of Stanton's rough first two months has eased some of their concerns, but they said they aren't pleased with how their season has gone.
“There's absolutely frustration,” Stanton said. “But the winning helps. Even with that, though, I still need to do more and will do more. … It's not showing on the field, but I still feel like I'm getting there.”
Aaron Hicks entered Wednesday hitless in 13 at-bats on the homestand, but manager Aaron Boone still values what they bring to the team.
“When he's not getting hits, he's getting on base 35 percent of the time,'' Boone said. “And he's a real center fielder that can really legitimately play center field. They have power and in a lot of ways is still a young player who's still developing and is highly productive.”
That's Boone's polite way of saying you shouldn't expect to see Clint Frazier back in The Bronx any time soon, regardless of how well they hit with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
“[Frazier] continues to grow and establish themselves as a big part of our future,'' Boone said. “Aaron is a really good player for us and plays a premium defensive position. You can't just fire anyone out in center field.”
Tyler Austin was given the start at first base against lefty Dallas Keuchel, their first action since the return of Greg Bird on Saturday. With the Orioles scheduled to start four right-handers during the upcoming series in Baltimore, Austin's playing time may be limited again. The Yankees kept Austin on the roster after Bird returned, instead of Ronald Torreyes.
Boone said Luis Severino would start one of the games of the doubleheader on Monday in Detroit and the team was discussing who would pitch the other game. Boone said they preferred to have a starter as opposed to using it as a bullpen day.
MEDIA RELEASE
When Super Bowl LII kicks off, will you be prepared for party victory? Whether you're the home team or a visitor, every Super Bowl LII party game plan must start with a shutdown defense that prevents drunk driving.
Drunk driving kills. In 2016, there were 10,497 fatalities in motor vehicle traffic crashes involving drunk drivers. You know that many Super Bowl parties will involve alcohol, so play it smart by having a winning game plan in place to not drink and drive.
We will all win on Super Bowl Sunday if we follow these keys to the game:
Know the Rules: It's illegal to drive with a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) of .08 or higher. When it comes to drinking and driving, law enforcement doesn't throw a yellow flag; they throw the book at you. You'll get pulled over, arrested, and prosecuted. Your wallet takes a big hit, too: the average DUI court case costs approximately $10,000.
Play It Safe: Defenses win championships; your best defense is to plan a safe ride. From buses to Uber and designated drivers, connect with the option that will get you home safely.
Be a Party MVP: Volunteer to be a designated driver. Let your squad know that you'll be there for them when the party's over with a safe, sober ride home.
If You've Been Drinking, You're Benched: Buzzed Driving Is Drunk Driving. There's no place on the road for anyone who has been drinking. If someone tries to drive after drinking, tell them to ride the bench until you help them find a sober ride home. If you're hosting the party, you're the head coach. Make the right call: take their keys before they drink and drive.
We're all on the same team when it comes to preventing drunk driving. And, however you or your guests travel on Super Bowl Sunday, always buckle up. Your seat belt is your best defense in any vehicle crash.
We hope it's a great game and that you enjoy it—safely—with friends and family. Remember: Fans Don't Let Fans Drive Drunk.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
A former sports coach has been sent to the circuit court for trial on 99 charges relating to the alleged sexual and indecent assault of three boys.
Bill Kenneally (67), formerly of Summerville Avenue, Waterford city, is charged with committing the offences more than 20 years ago.
The three complainants are now aged in their 40s.
A book of evidence was served on Kenneally, a former basketball coach, last month, and they appeared in Waterford District Court on Tuesday.
Solicitor Matthew Byrne said they had been instructed to take on the case, from Patrick Newell who had been representing the accused.
Mr Byrne asked Judge David Staunton if the legal aid originally granted to Bill Kenneally could be transferred to them and said that they had spoken to Mr Newell in relation to this and there was no objection.
Judge Staunton agreed to transfer the legal aid, and also allowed for a senior counsel and junior counsel to be appointed to the accused, after Mr Byrne said the charges were “serious matters”.
The judge sent Mr Kenneally forward for trial on 99 charges contained in the book of evidence to the current sittings of Waterford Circuit Criminal Court. They advised the accused that if they intend to rely on alibi evidence in their trial, they have 14 days to inform the prosecution about this.
Mr Kenneally was remanded on continuing bail in relation to the charges, on their own bond of €500, and signed the bail bond before leaving the court.
Mammootty, the megastar of Malayalam cinema is all set to join hands with ad film-maker Sharrath Sandith, for their feature film debut. The highly anticipated project finally started rolling in Bangalore today (June 14, 2017).
As per the sources close to the project, the team is planning to have 25 days long shooting schedule in Bangalore. Reportedly, Mammootty is playing an intense, performance-oriented role in the untitled movie.
If the reports are to be true, the Mammootty-Sharrath Sandith project will not be a mass entertainer but will fall into a totally different genre. The untitled movie is reportedly based on real-life events.
Mammootty has earlier teamed up with Sharrath, while they were serving as the brand ambassador of South Indian Bank. Sharrath was the director of all the South Indian bank advertisements, which featured the megastar.
Mia Geroge has been roped into essay one of the two female leads in the movie. As per the reports, the team is yet to finalise the second leading lady. The rest of the star cast and further details will be revealed soon.
Mammootty has recently finished the first schedule of Ajai Vasudev's Masterpiece, and completed Shyamdhar's Oridathoru Rajakumaran, recently. They will begin the final schedule of Masterpiece, after completing Sharrath project.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Bellew believes one of the fundamental differences between themselves and David Haye is their win-at-all-costs mentality as they plot to upset the odds once again on May 5.
Bellew was an overwhelming underdog going into last year's first grudge encounter but was ahead on all three of the judges' scorecards when they stopped their heavyweight rival in the 11th round at London's O2 Arena.
The victory was slightly soured as Haye visibly struggled after rupturing an Achilles tendon midway through the fight, and the former cruiserweight and heavyweight world champion is the favourite to gain revenge when they meet again at the same venue next Saturday.
Asked what their motivation is ahead of the rematch, Bellew told Press Association Sport: "To prove everyone wrong - again. It seems to be a common theme: Bellew is the massive underdog and they just wants to prove everyone wrong.
"The plan is just to do it again and win at all costs. That's the difference between me and him: you will see when we get to a certain level it's just won at all costs, I have to win. I just have to win. I'm not someone who can come home and just accept losing.
"I'm a winner through and through and that's one of my strongest attributes, I have to win and I'll do whatever takes to win on May 5.
"I'm in good shape, I'm in good spirits and I'm ready for another war."
The build-up to their first bout was marred by controversy, with Haye fined £25,000 by the British Boxing Board of Control after admitting their pre-fight comments brought boxing into disrepute.
Haye has adopted a respectful tone in recent months but Bellew, a former world champion at cruiserweight, has scoffed at suggestions they are a changed man.
Bellew said: "He's about as humble as Madonna. David wasn't humbled, he's just got humble pie on their face because what they said, they didn't do. Everything I said in the build-up came true.
"David is trying to market themselves in a better way: look at their training videos, they say nothing controversial.
"This is the fella who said they were going to render me unconscious, this is the same fella who said 'I'm the worst world champion in history ever'.
"I don't forget that. Those thoughts don't change overnight, you don't go from being the worst world champion ever to thinking 'right, this guy can really fight'.
"It's just that it didn't work for them and because it didn't work he's now changed their approach. But their mindset is still the same when it comes to me."
Haye has linked up with respected Cuban trainer Ismael Salas for the return fight but Bellew believes the impact will be minimal.
They added: "He's going to have a few new trick and techniques. But once four or five rounds passes, the old dog will revert to type."
The Neptune Beach City Council unanimously voted to keep current hours allowing dogs on the beach Monday.
The council agreed that the proposed amendment of allowing dogs on the beach 24/7 needed to be discussed as a separate issue, which Mayor Elaine Brown said the council will address in a public workshop within the next 90 days. The city's current ordinance states that dogs are only allowed on the beach 6 p.m-9 a.m. from May to October and 5 p.m.-10 a.m. from November to April. All dogs on the beach must be kept on a maximum 16-foot leash.
See Also
The rest of the amended animal ordinance-including Rory Diamond's amendment on the definition of service animals-passed by City Council.
After listening to arguments both for and against the proposed hour change from residents at the city council meeting, Brown proposed taking the amendment out of the ordinance. They said that the council needed more time to talk about how a potential 24/7 rule will be enforced, and what other time options the city has.
“The public seemed to be learning about it, rather than have been totally informed,” said Brown. “So we feel as though giving the public more access to the knowledge of what it may be changed to and if it being changed is something that we need to do.”
Councilman Richard Arthur agreed with Brown. During discussion of the animal ordinance, they said that they don't think that the council can vote on the hours tonight with how much discussion the topic has brought in the community.
Councilman John Jolly also voiced concerns of the council voting on an amendment that they didn't fully understand.
Jolly and Councilman Scott Wiley also brought amendments to the proposed time amendment, which would revert the language of the amendment to the original time restrictions. Wiley's amendment added that the maximum leash length on the beach should be 12 feet instead of 16 feet.
Arguments made by residents against the 24/7 change stated the the new hours would be difficult for animal control to enforce the rest of the rules of dogs on the beach, encourage more out-of-town dog owners to come to the beach and not follow the rules and more dogs during the day would intrude on other visitors on the beach.
Proponents for the change told city council that the 24/7 rule would give local dog owners more flexibility on when they can take their dogs outside. They also argued that the few dog owners not following the rules shouldn't restrict Neptune Beach dog owners as a whole from enjoying the beach.
Tiffanie Reynolds: (904) 359-4450
From its Retro Zone shopping department to its acquisition of Twitch, Amazon's interests in gaming is plainly evident. It even started its own studio. So it might not be much of a surprise that it announced a new service called “GameOn” at the Game Developers Conference today.
GameOn is a set of tools for developers that allows them to create cross-platform competitions for their games quickly. The APIs leverage Amazon's AWS cloud infrastructure to eliminate the need for end-to-end server maintenance. The service will also allow developers to offer physical prizes for in-game competitions — with Amazon's marketplace being the supplier naturally.
The mega online retailer will charge about $0.0033 per play for the service, but for a limited time, the first 35,000 plays per month are free. Developers are also welcome to use the APIs for no charge until May 1.
GameOn is available anywhere AWS exists, but unfortunately, the Amazon supplied prizes will only be available in the US. Those in other countries will have to settle for in-game rewards provided by the developer.
"Competitive gaming is much more than eSports. Any time you play against another person, you are participating in a competitive game."
The service has been in testing with Eden Games, nWay, Mindstorm, and others. GameOn supports a wide variety of titles and because it is platform agnostic will allow competitions between players regardless of what device they use.
“GameOn saved us months of development and a whole lot of maintenance and logistical overhead in the long run,” Eden Games CMO Pascal Clarysse told Engadget.
Amazon has shown an active interest in competitive gaming that is more casual than eSports, even offering webinars on how to implement competitive gaming to increase revenue. GameOn looks to be another way that the company can help developers while simultaneously creating a new revenue stream.
“Game developers have consistently told us they are looking for ways to increase player engagement and retention,” said Amazon Competitive Gaming Director Marja Koopmans at the company's GDC 2018 keynote. “We built Amazon GameOn to give developers simple, yet powerful tools to foster community through competitive gameplay.”
Bank of Ireland has hired a former National Australia Bank (NAB) executive to lead the key €900 million information technology (IT) programme that the group's chief executive, Francesca McDonagh, inherited when they joined the lender last October.
Steve Collier, who had been in charge of a 350 million Australian dollar (€223 million) annual budget as leader in core banking transformation at NAB between 2009 and last year, will join Bank of Ireland on February 12th. They have had more than 30 years' experience in banking, having held senior roles in retail, credit and a number of strategic programmes at the Australian lender.
In an email sent internally by Ms McDonagh this week, the chief executive said the so-called core banking systems programme was “a big part of the work were are doing on our systems”, which was “helping to transform how we serve our customers, make things simpler and easier for them, and meet new regulatory requirements”.
The bank hired Swiss software company Temenos in late 2016 to replace its ageing banking systems. According to a Bank of Ireland investor presentation in August, the overhaul, known as Project Omega, is critical to the bank reducing its costs to less than 50 per cent of income over the medium term, from 58 per cent last year.
Ms McDonagh will be expected by investors to give much more detail on the programme's aims and outline medium-term financial when they host a capital markets day in June.
‘Book value'
A successful implementation of the IT programme is seen by analysts as key to Bank of Ireland's future stock market performance, as its shares are currently trading at a discount to rival AIB relative to how the lenders price their assets on their balance sheets, or what is known as “book value”.
The Irish Times reported in October that Bank of Ireland executives had been planning that the IT overhaul would lead to the lender cutting more than 1,000 jobs – or almost 9 per cent of its workforce as of the end of 2016 – from 2019.
The banks staff count has dropped almost 30 per cent from more than 16,000 in 2008 as it and other lenders sought to slash costs in the wake of the financial crisis as the size of their businesses contracted.
Bank of Ireland had appointed Maureen Stanley as interim programme director for the banking systems programme last June. They will now return to their role as group head of integrated planning.
KINSHASA: At least 11 people were killed in central Democratic Republic of Congo on Monday in clashes between the army and a militia loyal to a traditional chief killed in fighting with police last year, a local activist said.
Monday's violence occurred near Tshimbulu, the town where the army killed more than 60 militia members in fighting last Friday, Jean Rene Tshimanga, president of the Civil Society of Kasai-Central province, said.
“This morning, we learnt again that (the militia) attacked the men in uniform (who) repelled them,” Tshimanga told Reuters.
They did not know how many of the dead were militia members and how many army soldiers.
Neither provincial nor military officials could be immediately reached for comment.
Similar clashes in recent months have killed hundreds and uprooted tens of thousands. The militia's leader, Kamwina Nsapu, was killed by police last August after having vowed to rid the province of all state security forces.
Analysts say militia violence in Congo, a tinderbox of conflicts linked to land, ethnicity and mineral resources, has been exacerbated by President Joseph Kabila's failure to step down when their constitutional mandate expired in December.
On Saturday, the Congo's UN peacekeeping mission said Kamwina Nsapu had committed violent atrocities and used child soldiers and it also criticised the army for what it said was a disproportionate use of force against the militia fighters, who are typically only lightly armed.
One of the North's largest family-run businesses has reported a massive £268 million leap in turnover, the latest end of year accounts show.
The Tyrone-headquartered LCC Group (Lissan Coal Company) grew its turnover from £584.7 million in 2016 to a record £852.7 million during the 12 months to September 2017.
The latest accounts show that the group's pretax profits slipped back slightly, falling from £20.8 million in 2016 to £19.8 million last year.
They also detail that directors' pay packets fell from a total £437,904 in 2016 to £277,617 last year but dividends totalling £400,000 were paid in the year.
But in their annual strategic report, directors of the Cookstown-headquartered company said the LCC Group had “maintained its position as a leading importer and distributor within the coal and oil market in the UK, Ireland and Europe” during 2017.
They also highlight that LCC increased its share of the non-domestic electricity supply market on the island of Ireland and “attracted many new customers during the year”.
“The group also successfully increased its presence in the non-domestic gas supply market in Northern Ireland,” the directors added.
Domestic coal
LCC was originally established in 1986 by the Loughran family who started out selling domestic coal to homes in Northern Ireland back in 1980.
It has rapidly expanded across several energy sectors and today is estimated to be one of Europe's largest coal importers and processors.
LCC, which also supplies oil, electricity, gas and logistical freight services to both domestic customers and major industries on a global scale, owns the Go chain of petrol stations.
The group, which employs 246 people, highlighted in the latest set of accounts that its assets last year “exceeded its liabilities by £119,802,183”.
Last year the LCC Group purchased Cloghan Point Oil Terminal in Belfast from the Fortune 200 company AES Corporation in an undisclosed but rumoured “multimillion pound” transaction.
At the time the group, which also has an oil terminal in Maydown in Co Derry, committed to investing a further £15 million in the facility to create the first commercial terminal in Ireland that can accommodate 120,000-tonne tankers. According to the latest set of accounts, the Cookstown group intends to continue its ambitious expansion strategy.
Directors state that LCC is “keen to seek out new opportunities at home and abroad as they arise”.
Contest organisers hoped verse might offer a new lens through which Americans see their president, given the volumes of commentary about them
Some people stand up to President Donald Trump in the courts, others in street protests. And the poets among us, they battle President Trump with an arsenal of verse.
The Republican man of the hour
Is a wellspring of bluster and glower.
Trump is rich and he's white,
How's they leading the fight
Against entrenched Establishment power?
That's by Bill McGloughlin, a librarian in Charlotte, N.C., who was one of the winners of my Donald Trump Poetry Contest. We had about 2,000 entries, and today I'm publishing the winners.
Some relied on humor — while complaining that almost nothing rhymes with “orange”! — and that's the tack taken by Stephen Benko, a retired business person in Fairfield, Conn. Benko has published an entire book of poems about Trump, but this one is new:
If God made man in their image
Please explain our new President's visage
That pucker and scowl
Look like murder most foul
What in heaven, Lord, earned us this priv'lege?
Dan Letwin, a history professor at Penn State, wrote a timely “ode to alternative facts”:
Well now, Kellyanne Conway has lately conceived
Of a new understanding of what to believe
When the truth gives you heartburn, don't worry, relax
You can always resort to alternative facts!
Oh it works for the Donald and all of their hacks
As they go 'bout promoting their retrograde acts
Don't fret if your documentation is lax
You can always get by with alternative facts!
Don't fear all those women with signs on their backs
The straight and the queer, the whites and blacks
You can trivialize them with snide little cracks
And wash them away with alternative facts!
Just as loggers might swing an alternative ax
And fell a great tree with alternative whacks
When the truth won't cooperate, try some new tacks
We live in an age of alternative facts!
I sought out pro­Trump poems, but poets seem to be disproportionately aghast at their presidency. One of the most personal poems came from Amit Majmudar, the poet laureate of Ohio, who submitted a moving poem about their mother becoming a U.S. citizen. It's a long poem, but it ends:
In the year of our liar 2016
My mom became the citizen
Of a strange America.
Improbability, too, is a force of nature.
We couldn't watch.
Unnatural untruths become natural lies.
In 2016, my mom became a naturalized
Citizen just in time to watch
America denature.
Najma Menai of West Lafayette, Ind., a student at Purdue, says that writing poetry is “one of the chief ways I'm keeping myself sane these days.” They submitted this poem warning against Trump's antics distracting us from critical issues:
They will say something awful
And cause quite the fuss
Until that one thing
Is all we discuss.…
So when Trump says
The wall will now be a fence
Worry more about
Bannon and Priebus and Pence….
And when they act like a child
On the global stage
Worry more about
How you, yes you, must engage
Richard Kenney, a poet who teaches at the University of Washington, offered a lovely poem about our “commander in tweet.” Two excerpts:
We mustn't slander our Twitter Commander,
he'll burble our bird and snatch our bander
and fire of a tweet with their hot little hand, or
maybe report us, so stay discreet—
Commander in Tweet! Commander in Tweet!
Muster the army, commission the fleet!
He's a patsy for Putin, buf oon complete—
(And that old Constitution? Hit Delete—)
I held this contest partly because we've all heard so much commentary about Trump, and I figured that verse might offer a new lens through which to see our president. It also struck me that there are fears that Trump will slash budgets for the humanities and the arts, including the National Endowment for the Arts. So it seemed appropriate to applaud the artists fighting the perverse with verse — and in that spirit, I'll give the last word to Susan McLean, a poet and English professor at Southwest Minnesota State University: Trump seethes at what the writers say.
He'll pull the plug on the N.E.A.
The joke's on him. Art doesn't pay.
We write our satires anyway.
— New York Times News Service
By Festus Ahon
ASABA—DELTA State leader of All Progressive Congress, APC, Olorogun O'Tega Emerhor, yesterday, described the purported inauguration of Prophet Jones Erue as chairperson of the party, as illegal and unconstitutional.
Erue was Tuesday inaugurated as factional state chairperson of APC in Delta. Reacting to the purported inauguration, Emerhor said: “The inauguration is another exercise in futility. These people are just out to cause confusion and acrimony in the party.
“The national body will be meeting this week to review the report of the appeal panels to get report of all validly elected state chairpeople. The national body will inaugurate all the validly elected state chairpeople in Abuja. The chairpeople in turn will come back to inaugurate the local government chairpeople and the local government chairpeople will inaugurate the ward chairpeople.”
[Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery.]
Each May, Belize celebrates Education Week. In the spirit of this national event, the Santa Barbara-based nonprofit, Exploring Solutions Past, has participated by coordinating tours of El Pilar Archaeological Reserve, giving presentations at local schools and leading hands-on garden activities in the villages.
This year, Exploring Solutions Past focused on increasing the integration of the model school garden, Känan K'aax (well-tended forest in Mayan) into the week's events. We created a daylong event with guided garden tours near Santa Familia Village, Cayo Belize.
We had an excellent team supporting this event: environmentalist Peter Manzanero, biologist Grecia Mendez and archaeologist Tina Roan assisted with event coordination and teaching. Community specialist Cynthia Ellis and Master Forest Gardeners Narciso Torres and Alfonso Tzul were essential to the success of the day, making the magic of the forest garden come alive for each student.
As each class arrived, students were given information packets with a site map and a plant bingo game sheet. Tzul welcomed each class in their magnificent Mayan, while Torres translated their oration phrase by phrase, demonstrating the importance of the Mayan language in the garden.
Next, Mendez talked about the metric system and how to determine the height and diameter of a tree. They explained to the students that they did not need to have anything fancy to measure the size and breadth of the plants, demonstrating how they can use their own size as a unit of measurement. The kids had a great time with this concept, estimating how many times taller and wider a tree they were in comparison.
After this introduction, Tzul and Torres separated the class into two groups, naming them Cacao and T'isil — chocolate and vanilla in Mayan. Each took one group of the class to see specific native plants of the Maya garden. They first went to the see the corozo palm, then the achiote bush and, finally, the chaya plant.
We all found the children receptive and informed. They knew corozo nuts produced oil, that achiote seeds were a food coloring, and that chaya leaves were an important vegetable. As they left, each child selected a small chaya cutting to plant in their yard and received a poster of Tzunu'un of El Pilar Archaeological Reserve.
The tours and activities kept us on our feet all day, and we were grateful for the few moments of rest between classes. At these times, Tzul regaled us with stories and reflections, all from their vast and remarkable experience.
A truly exhilarating and busy day, the Känan K'aax garden event was a great success. The biggest reward was to see the enthusiasm of the children as they grappled with new ideas, worked with the plants, and showed genuine interest in learning more about the garden. We look forward to Belize's National Education Week next year and the opportunity to spark more student interest and delight in garden education.
— Anabel Ford Ph.D. is the director of UC Santa Barbara's MesoAmerican Research Center and president of Exploring Solutions Past. Ford, UCSB's resident expert on Maya archaeology, discovered the ancient Maya city-center El Pilar, which bridges Belize and Guatemala. By decoding the ancient landscape around El Pilar, they are creating a sustainable model in conservation and agriculture that can regenerate the threatened Maya forest. With investment and support, their model can assist environmental efforts worldwide. Click here for more information on El Pilar. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
CTV Vancouver
Police have identified a 44-year-old homicide victim whose body was discovered near a rec centre in Port Coquitlam over the weekend.
Shawn Curtis George, a resident of the tri-cities area, was found dead on a trail not far from the Hyde Creek Recreation Centre shortly before 10 p.m. Sunday.
The cause of death hasn't been released, but police said George appears to have met with foul play, and the Integrated Homicide Investigation Team is handling the case.
"Mr. George was known to police," Cpl. Meghan Foster said in a news release. "Investigators are working to determine the motive. Anyone who knew Mr. George is asked to contact police."
Neighbours told CTV News they believe homeless people live in the woods around the rec centre, which is marked with propane tanks and other discarded items.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the IHIT information line at 1-877-551-4448, or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 to remain anonymous.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Bank of England has said that it will keep the £5 polymer note in circulation and issue a new £10 polymer note as planned, despite concerns from activists over traces of animal fats.
The polymer note, which was rolled out across the country in September, contains a substance called tallow, which is derived from animal fats (suet) and widely used in the manufacture of candles and soap.
In protest, a petition against the use of tallow - which brands the use of the substance "disrespectful" - received thousands of backers in the first few days after it was launched.
In response, the Bank of England said in December the supplier of its new £5 note is looking at "potential solutions" following criticism over the use of the animal fat during the production process.
It said it was treating the concerns with the "utmost respect" and was in discussion with its supplier, Innovia.
But now the Bank of England has confirmed it will keep the new plastic fiver.
Doug Maw, of Keswick in Cumbria, started a petition against the use of tallow in the new £5 notes, which has garnered 5,000 signatures, and said they have been left "disgusted".
The 47-year-old hotel worker, who has been a vegan for 20 years, said they will "absolutely" be boycotting and "refusing" the new notes.
"I understand old notes contain stuff as well - we can't do anything about what is in circulation - but the fact they are producing new ones is what really riles me," they told the Press Association.
"There is no excuse for it.
"There has got to be other ways of making money without using animal products."
Thousands have signed the petition since its creation on Monday.
Some meat eaters have proposed a 'currency exchange', offering to swap £1 coins for the new £5 notes.
The Bank of England will print 440 million of the notes while the paper note will be phased out.
According to the Bank of England, although more expensive to print than the paper notes, in the long run the polymer ones are better value for money and last on average two and a half times longer.
Facepalm: Bethesda may have just pulled off the biggest trolling of fans of any developer in recent memory during a Twitch steam leading up to today's announcement of Vault 76.
Yesterday the game maker started a stream on its Twitch channel. According to The Verge, the cryptic feed showed a Pip Boy statuette standing in front of the iconic Fallout “Please Stand By” screen. And so it remained for nearly 24 hours after which the teaser trailer for Vault 76 was shown.
During the broadcast, more than 2 million unique viewers visited the feed 15 million times. The channel hosted more than 100,000 concurrent viewers throughout most of the stream anxiously waiting for whatever it was that Bethesda was planning to announce.
The company was clearly playing on fans' hunger for any information on a new Fallout project, and that in and of itself is not necessarily trolling.
However, after the Vault 76 trailer concluded, Todd Howard themselves briefly appeared on screen to say, “We have had over 2 million unique visitors to this stream to watch, I don't know what, anything.” They then stepped off-screen, and the stream ended.
Fans, some of whom were surely holding vigil all night, were not thrilled at the bait. “IS THAT IT” some in the Twitch chat room wailed. Others surely had a good laugh at the whole ridiculous incident.
The feed was not completely devoid of mildly entertaining moments though. Polygon collected a handful of clips that lightened up the otherwise extremely boring feed. The excerpt above has Pete Hines toasting Pip Boy with a little sumpin-sumpin.
Bethesda's announcement of Vault 76 is sure to elicit strong feelings among fans. Some are sure to be excited about a new Fallout entry, while others will be extremely disappointed if the unconfirmed news that it will be a multiplayer survival title turns out to be true. However, nothing can beat Bethesda's ultimate “hurry-up-and-wait” Twitch troll — not even Epic's weeks-long comet tease. The Verge does point out, however, that Ubisoft pulled a similar stunt back in 2015 with Far Cry Primal.
A strain of polio virus can arise in areas of low immunisation....
read more...
Published By: BBC News Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Investigators determine the blaze to be accidental and related to a passing train
Firefighters responded Monday afternoon to a small vegetation fire near Gaviota, according to the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
The blaze burned along the railroad tracks south of Highway 101, near Mariposa Reina, according to Fire Department spokesperson Mike Eliason.
Capt. David Sadecki said Tuesday that the cause of the fire was most likely related to a passing train and was considered accidental.
Several engine crews and at least one water-dropping helicopter were dispatched to the fire, which broke out at about 3:45 p.m.
The fire, which charred about an acre, was burning in grass and light chaparral, Eliason said.
At the time of the blaze, there were sustained winds of 15 to 20 mph, with gusts to 25 mph, Eliason said.
“It was putting up some pretty good flames, but it just ran out of real estate,” Eliason said.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Health officials spray pesticides to kill fleas, which carry plague-causing bacteria, in a school in the city of Antananarivo, Madagascar on Oct. 2, 2017.
More than 30 people in Madagascar have died from an outbreak of the plague, and nearly 200 have fallen ill since August, according to news reports.
Experts say these numbers represent the deadliest outbreak of the disease on the African island-nation in years, according to The Washington Post. Last year, for example, 63 people died out of 275 cases.
The plague is caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis, which lives in fleas and rats. In Madagascar, the plague is considered a seasonal worry: At the end of the harvesting season, rat populations drop because they don't have enough to eat. As a result, fleas start looking for new hosts to bite, and so begin targeting humans, according to NPR.
One possible reason why this year's outbreak is larger is because the disease has spread to cities, including the capital city of Antananarivo, NPR reported Oct. 4. In that city, government officials have begun to disinfect schools and have urged students to stay home, and a jazz festival canceled its opening concert, The Washington Post reported Oct. 3.
In addition, most of the cases of plague this season is a more dangerous form, called the pneumonic plague, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
The most common form of plague is the bubonic plague; it occurs when the plague-causing bacteria gets into the body and travels to the lymph nodes. These lymph nodes become inflamed, and are referred to as "buboes," the WHO says. If the bubonic plague goes untreated, the bacteria can spread to the lungs, causing pneumonic plague. This form of the disease can be spread through the air, the WHO says.
But getting sick with the plague is no longer a death sentence, according to health officials.
"Plague is curable if detected in time," Dr. Charlotte Ndiaye, the WHO representative in Madagascar, said in a statement today (Oct. 6). The disease can be cured with common antibiotics, and the WHO has delivered nearly 1.2 million doses of the drugs to the country, according to the statement. Antibiotics can also help prevent infection in people who have been exposed to the disease, the WHO says.
Originally published on Live Science.
ABC president Channing Dungey made headlines across the country Tuesday for their strongly-worded nixing of Roseanne Barr's eponymous show after the actor' racist comments on Twitter. But 40 years ago, they were just another girl riding their bike through Citrus Heights, pretending to star in "Charlie's Angels."
Born in Sacramento on March 14, 1969, Dungey attended Deterding Elementary School, Arden Middle School and Rio Americano High School alongside their younger sister Merrin, an actor who went on to appear on shows such as "Big Little Lies" and "Malcolm In The Middle." They were a varsity cheerleader, according to the 1986 Rio Americano yearbook.
The children of a teacher and a Sacramento Municipal Utility District employee, the sisters obsessed over the latest issues of TV Guide growing up, they told an Emmy Magazine interviewer in 2014.
Channing Dungey went on to study political science at UCLA before switching over to film studies. They joined ABC in 2004 and oversaw development of hit shows such as "Grey's Anatomy" and "Lost" until replacing Paul Lee as the company's president in February 2016, making them the first African American to head a major network.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"I couldn't be more proud of her," Merrin told Sactown Magazine in 2016. "She's so right for the job because they already know so much of what's right for that network."
Channing and Merrin returned to the Sacramento area last year to be inducted into the STARS Hall of Fame, according to the San Juan Education Foundation.
For the record, this is Channing Dungey. Sitting on top of your world like a Queen in full judgement of your garbage and taking it out. #Roseanne pic.twitter.com/GxEP2B61uq — Ava DuVernay (@ava) May 29, 2018
On Tuesday morning, Barr compared former Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett to the offspring of the Muslim Brotherhood and an ape. Dungey responded by pulling the plug on "Roseanne," a show that garnered up to 18 million viewers per episode last season, and called Barr's comments "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values" in a prepared statement.
ABC rebooted "Roseanne" three months ago after two decades of dormancy, casting Barr as a Donald Trump-supporting matriarch. The network has also rolled out shows with minority-rich casts such as "black-ish" and "Fresh Off The Boat" in recent years.
Kellen Browning contributed to this story.
Benjy Egel: (916) 321-1052, @BenjyEgel
A project to repave Highway 246 from Entrance Road to the Highway 154/246 Intersection is scheduled to begin the night of Sunday, July 14.
This paving will take place during the overnight hours Sunday night through Friday morning from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. Motorists will encounter one-way reversing traffic control within the project area.
Electronic message boards have been activated to advise motorists about this roadwork. Motorists can expect a delay not to exceed 15 minutes.
The contractor for this $1.1 million project is Calportland Construction of Santa Maria. This project is expected to be completed this September.
Caltrans reminds motorists to move over and slow down when driving through highway construction zones.
For traffic updates on other state highways in Santa Barbara County, motorists can click here or call Caltrans District 5 Public Affairs at 805.549.3318.
— Jim Shivers is a public information officer for Caltrans.
After 31 years as ServiceMaster franchise, company is now locally owned and operated
Allen Williams didn't know green was their color until their cleaning company recently underwent a makeover.
No longer beneath the yellow umbrella of ServiceMaster, a national cleaning service provider, Williams has decided to take their Santa Barbara-based company hyper local under the new name of Big Green Cleaning Co.
Same customers, quality of service and friendly faces — just a different look, DBA and more reasons to be excited about the future.
Williams, who has owned the local ServiceMaster franchise the past 31 years, said the company began making the switch to sole local ownership on May 5. Employees are putting the final touches on the transition now via new brochures, signs and green uniforms.
Some locals may have also heard the news from workers who have hand-delivered buckets of cookies to loyal customers, some of which have been with Williams since the franchise opened in Santa Barbara in 1979.
“We're still doing the same exact things we were doing 34 years ago,” Williams told Noozhawk. “That growth has been slow and steady. This is a brick-on-brick business.”
The new name derives from the company itself. Big because the company is the biggest — serving 34 percent of the commercial building market share from Carpinteria to Goleta — and green because the company has begun pushing the lesser-known, eco-friendly cleaning options that have been available all along.
Williams said the company's 260 employees clean some 560 commercial buildings, taking in $6 million annually. Many of the employees are part time and use the second job to supplement other income, they added.
Beyond the aesthetic changes, Williams said the new name will allow Big Green Cleaning to offer different, improved product lines that won't need to be approved at a corporate level.
“We get to make our own choices,” they said, noting the products, processes and principles that govern “green” cleaning.
“We have been green for a long time. Green cleaning is making smart choices. It's not just about the juice.”
The company is also planning a fall move to 4860 Calle Real, across from In-N-Out Burger, from its current headquarters at 4183 State St.
A new website is in the works, as well as a new business model to begin cleaning homes by the fall, in addition to commercial properties — something the company wasn't permitted to do before.
Williams said Big Green Cleaning still has a good relationship with ServiceMaster, which has another local franchise, but they couldn't hide enthusiasm for the possibilities ahead.
“We're excited about what we do,” they said. “Sometimes we get overexcited about cleaning dirt ... It's not really about microbes of dirt. It's about serving your customers.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Kingdom Hearts II contains dozens of worlds to explore and hundreds of cutscenes to watch. The latest episode of YouTube show Boundary Break sheds light on some of the tricks behind the game's awesome presentation. These include squishing characters' heads and building entire cityscapes that the player never gets to explore.
Boundary Break is a show that frees up video games' in-game camera to explore their nooks and crannies. Diving around games' guts reveals all sorts of techniques developers use to make game worlds believable and cutscenes dazzle. Kingdom Hearts II uses a ton of these cheats and techniques. YouTuber Shesez outlines some of the best in their new video.
Kingdom Hearts II's techniques range from the beautiful to the downright terrifying. For instance, stars in Christmas Town's sky are actually made by holes in the skybox that let a yellow backgrounds peer through. That's strangely poetic when you think about it. There's also something really funny about watching Naminé dully float towards Roxas in a cutscene where their player can only see their hands normally. Meanwhile, in order to do first-person cutscenes the game actually crushes a character's head into their body, turning them into a monstrosity.
In certain cases, there's a lot more happening out of frame than you might imagine. A train ride early in the game features an elaborate city backdrop, while a scene where Sora and Roxas phase over each other actually has two complete versions of the room they're in. Kingdom Hearts III is supposedly coming out later this year, and thanks to this video, I'm never going to take its cutscenes seriously.
Panchpatmali Bauxite Mines of NALCO gets 5-Star Rating
Report by Odisha Diary bureau, Bhubaneswar: The Panchpatmali Bauxite Mines of National Aluminium Company Limited (Nalco) has been conferred with the 5-Star Rating by the Ministry of Mines in stringent evaluation process taken up by IBM.
The 5-star rating award, along with certificate of excellence was handed over to Dr. Tapan Kumar Chand, CMD NALCO, by the Union Minister of Power, Coal, New & Renewable Energy and Mines Shri Piyush Goyal during the 2nd National Conclave on Mines and Mineral held at Delhi on 15th February, in presence of Shri Balvinder Kumar, IAS, Secretary, Ministry of Mines, Govt of India.
The award has been given to Nalco for its efforts and initiatives undertaken in the implementation of the Sustainable Development Framework (SDF). The SDF includes implementation of best practices in mining operations, rehabilitation & reclamation of mined out area, environment protection, as also various steps taken in healthcare, periphery and skill development.
The star rating scheme instituted by the Ministry of Mines, Govt of India, is designed to have a built-in compliance mechanism for environment and forest safeguards and help in recognizing good performers in the sector while encouraging all mining leaseholders to strive for excellence. After receiving the award, Dr. Chand dedicated the recognition to the collective efforts of the employees and other stakeholders. “The award is testimony to the tireless efforts of the Nalconians and the best practices being implemented by the company since its inception,” Dr. Chand said.
Dubai: The Dubai Sports Council (DSC) has issued its Events Guide 2017-2021, comprising all details of sports events and competitions that have been scheduled over the next five years.
The guide is the first of its kind to be issued by a sports entity to plan its sports events over a five-year period in Arabic and English.
The guide is meant to act as a reference point for spectators, organisers and visitors to the emirate. The latest edition is the second version of the DSC Guide following the inaugural edition that was for a three-year period running from 2016 to 2018.
This edition of the Guide has been designed in an attractive way that ensures fans, spectators and organisers have first-hand information on the events along with all relevant details of the competitions.
The DSC will be distributing copies of the guide to local media organisations starting this week. In addition, copies of the guide will be distributed to Embassies within the UAE and several Arab countries.
Sports entities such as clubs and venues will also receive copies along with government departments and even private entities. The guide can also be downloaded at DSC's official website.
Nasser Aman Al Rahma, Assistant General Secretary, DSC, observed that the challenge now begins. “A new guide means new challenges for the media and organisers as dates of events may over-lap, and that will further test everyone concerned,” Al Rahma noted.
“We have more than 400 events happening all over Dubai, so our focus is always on following a format that gives maximum exposure to Dubai through the organisation of a cross-spectrum of sporting events throughout the year,” they added.
The small village of Donaghcloney is set to host its first Twelfth demonstration in 32 years.
Upwards of 100 lodges, accompanied by around 80 bands, will take part in the procession - watched by thousands of spectators - in what is expected to be the largest Twelfth parade in County Down.
Orangemen and women of host district, Lower Iveagh West, will be joined by their contemporaries from nearby Banbridge, Bann Valley, Lower Iveagh, Rathfriland, Loughbrickland, Gilford and Newry.
The significant parade will mark the culmination of the ‘Cloney Festival', incorporating a series of events and activities over five days in the lead-up to the Twelfth.
Festival activities include an Armistice exhibition, songs of praise, family entertainment and fireworks.
The festival will incorporate the opening of a new Orange arch, which will take pride of place in the village on the Twelfth. The arch features a memorial to those members of the Orange Institution murdered during the Troubles.
The main parade will set off from the assembly field at Moygannon Road at 12 noon and proceed through the village to the demonstration field on Drumlin Road.
During the parade, Lower Iveagh West district officers will lay a wreath at the village Cenotaph.
Among the lodges stepping out will be No Surrender LOL 20, from Banbridge, who recently completed a 130km charity walk on the Western Front, symbolically travelling from the Thiepval Memorial in France to the Menin Gate in Belgium.
The speaker at the field will be the Deputy Grand Master of the Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland, Harold Henning.
The return parade will leave the field at Drumlin Road at 4.30pm.
A new research report by Acumen Research and Consulting titled “Glycolipid Biosurfactants Market” successfully exhibits the complete scenario of the global and an individual analysis of the various regional segments.
This research study on the Global Glycolipid Biosurfactants Market offers detailed and insightful information on major regional markets and related sub-markets. The information is gathered via both, but not limited to, extensive secondary research and primary research. The major secondary data sources referred for collecting information include industry journals, white papers, databases, company reports, and up-to-date press releases among others. The study also comprises factors driving and inhibiting the development of glycolipid biosurfactants market. The key opportunity areas and trends prevalent in this market are also been compiled in this study. The current size of this market and its predicted market size by the end of forecast period have been highlighted through this study.
Download Table of Content@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/tentative-table-of-content/558
The report has been studied in terms of key market segments and sub-segments. The information on currently leading market segments and sub-segments and the reasons for this growth have been emphasized in the scope of this study. An extensive analysis of glycolipid biosurfactants market has been encapsulated on the basis of estimations of key market segments in the forecast horizon. In addition, the technological developments that took place in the market and those predicted to take place in coming years have also been outlined through this study.
The projections presented in this study on glycolipid biosurfactants market have been made by analyzing market's future potential and prevalent trends. The market's growth in various geographies has been studied in detail under this report. The top regions in this market and the reasons for the growth in that particular region have been outlined in the report. Further, the report presents competitive landscape of the glycolipid biosurfactants market, covering information on the market share/positioning analysis of leading players in the market. Under this section, the prime strategies of key players, their strengths and weaknesses, and contributions in market growth are discussed. These players are also evaluated on the basis of attributes such as revenue, gross, product overview, and contact information.
Report Coverage
Market Glycolipid Biosurfactants Market Analysis Period 2015 – 2026 Historic Data 2015 – 2016 Base Year 2017 Forecast Data 2018 – 2026 Market Stratification Application, Geography Regional Scope North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa (MEA) Report Coverage Market Trends, Drivers, Restraints, Porter's Five Forces Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Player Profiling, Value Chain Analysis
Our expert team will assist and customize the report so that it best fit your exact requirement, Click Here@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/request-customization/558
The major market segments of global glycolipid biosurfactants market are as below:
Market By Application
Detergents
Personal Care
Food Processing
Agricultural Chemicals
Market By Geography
North America
o US
o Canada
o Mexico
Europe
o UK
o Germany
o France
o Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
o China
o Japan
o India
o Australia
o Rest of Asia-Pacific
Latin America
o Brazil
o Rest of Latin America
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
o South Africa
o Saudi Arabia
o Rest of MEA
Market Players
AGAE Technologies LLC, Evonik Industries, Urumqi Unite Bio-Technology Co., Ltd, Biotensidon GmbH, Logos Technologies LLC, Ecover, Jeneil Biotech Inc., Soliance SA, and Saraya Co. Ltd. are some of the key players in the glycolipid biosurfactants market. These players involved have adopted the strategies including expansion and mergers and acquisitions with local as well as established players.
Inquiry Before Buying@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/inquiry-before-buying/558
Buy this premium research report@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/buy-now/0/558
Would like to place an order or any question, please feel free to contact at sales@acumenresearchandconsulting.com
About Us
Acumen Research and Consulting (ARC) is a global provider of market intelligence and consulting services to information technology, investment, telecommunication, manufacturing, and consumer technology markets. ARC helps investment communities, IT professionals, and business executives to make fact based decisions on technology purchases and develop firm growth strategies to sustain market competition. With the team size of 100+ Analysts and collective industry experience of more than 200 years, Acumen Research and Consulting assures to deliver a combination of industry knowledge along with global and country level expertise.
The city of Palma on the Spanish island of Majorca will ban residents from renting apartments to tourists in order to curb rental costs for locals.
The city is the first in Spain to introduce the measure, which will be regarded with interest by other areas suffering from the effects of mass tourism.
The decision was taken by the coalition of left-wing councillors who run the city following complaints that rental costs had been rising out of control because tourists were willing to pay more than locals could afford during the holiday season.
Along with a day off work, barbecues and fireworks, the Fouth of July — Independence Day — is about remembering and celebrating our freedoms as Americans.
Those freedoms are spelled out in the 10 amendments that make up the Bill of Rights, which was added to our Constitution to protect our individual liberties.
Of the 10 amendments, it is the First Amendment that is the most fundamental to the health of our democracy:
“Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.”
Noozhawk has never believed in playing a victim, but it's hard to deny that “the press” is not under attack these days — by powerful voices and by ordinary citizens.
Criticism is justified when we screw up, of course, and we at Noozhawk try to do our part with the expectation that our professional journalists will simply report the truth and keep their opinions out of what they type.
Our responsibility as independent journalists is to bring you high-quality reporting, information and data, as well as to defend the public's right to know. We take our mission seriously, but it takes time, resources and money.
From the very start nearly 11 years ago, Noozhawk has been blessed to have the support of local advertisers that believed in our concept and the value of our audience. We are grateful for that.
We also have a growing force of “subscribers” who have joined our Hawks Club as a way to financially support what Noozhawk is doing and to help us expand to cover more and more of Santa Barbara County. These members recognize the positive role we play in our community, and they believe their contribution is a worthwhile investment to make.
On this Fourth of July, in honor of our collective freedoms, I'm asking you to please join our Hawks Club, too. Noozhawk has 21,000 daily readers, and clearly there is something we're doing that keeps you coming back — with many of you returning multiple times throughout the day.
Please think about the value you are receiving from our exercise of the free press.
Your contribution is not tax-deductible; Noozhawk is a for-profit business. But I can assure you that nearly every dollar we take in goes right back into the product we make available to you 24/7.
Click here to join the Hawks Club, or scroll down to sign up right from this page.
Thank you, and Happy Independence Day.
— Bill Macfadyen is Noozhawk's founder and publisher. Contact them at [email protected], follow them on Twitter: @noozhawk and Instagram: @bill.macfadyen, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has been ruled out for the rest of the Six Nations, the Scottish Rugby Union have announced.
The Gloucester scrum-half suffered an ankle injury just before half-time as the Dark Blues lost 22-16 to France in Paris on Saturday.
They left the Stade de France on crutches and was sent back to the Kingsholm Stadium on Monday to be assessed by their club medics.
But Scots head coach Vern Cotter has now been given the bad news that Laidlaw will miss the remainder of the tournament.
It is a considerable blow for a side who have come to rely on Laidlaw, not only for their leadership skills but also their goal-kicking abilities. Ali Price took over at nine at the weekend and looks likely to keep the jersey when Scotland welcome Wales to Murrayfield next Saturday.
However, Cotter must now decide who will take over the capitaincy duties.
Flanker John Barclay took over the armband when Laidlaw limped off against Les Bleus, but was soon themselves replaced after suffering a head knock.
Jonny Gray became the Scots' third skipper of the day when Barclay was replaced and has long been tipped as a future national team captain.
A statement from the SRU said: “A scan undertaken at their club, Gloucester, confirmed the clinical suspicion that the 58-times capped scrum-half sustained ligament damage midway through the first half.
“The extent of the damage is such that they will take no further part in the current championship.
“Laidlaw will see a specialist later in the week to determine the best course of management and estimated time out of the sport.”
WASHINGTON, N.C. (WNCT) – If you're looking for a place to eat and drink with a tropical feel, look no further than Backwater Jacks in Washington.
Opened by some Floridians, Backwater offers Caribbean flare with beautiful views of the Washington waterfront.
“We could do what they do in Florida, and we certainly didn't have any competition, because no body else was doing this,” said co-owner Laura Scoble.
From the traditional sandwiches, to the out-of-this-world dishes, Backwater has it all.
One of our top suggestions is anything made with the pork! Chef Jessica Williams explained what goes in to the cooking process.
“Kumen, garlic and seasoning salt. Captain Morgan is in it. Put a little water in it and let it cook for 7 hours,” Williams said.
The pork is used for their killer cuban sandwich, and the succulent barbecue pulled pork nachos, which consists of chips topped with cheddar cheese, pulled pork, and then finished with barbecue sauce.
“Oh my god,” said WNCT's Josh Birch as they bit into it.
If meat isn't your thing, Backwater Jacks also has a ton of seafood.
From the traditional peel and eat shrimp, to a dish called Mahi Mahi chop-chop, which is grilled Mahi Mahi seasoned with Old Bay and served up over rice and beans with a fresh salsa on the side.
It's dishes like this that keep the people coming back for more.
“We're a Washington version of cheers because people know what you want,” said Deborah Price.
“The crab dip is good. Recently I've been having the crab cakes, those are really good,” said regular customer Lynne Anderson.
The food and atmosphere was even good enough to attract a very well-known name to the restaurant.
“We always joked about wouldn't it be cool sometime if Jimmy Buffet would just walk up the ramp, you know just joking,” said Scoble.
But that joke turned into reality, and has since been repeated several times. Scoble said Buffet has been to their restaurant a handful of times, always saying hello to staff and other people inside.
“I had a selfie with Jimmy Buffet, and he's very nice,” said Price.
Don't forget to try some tropical drinks like the rum runner if you're of age.
For more information on Backwater Jacks, click here.
< > Xander Raley of Highlands Ranch keep cool in a pool of water they dug for themselves in the sand to cool off at the swim beach at Chatfield Reservoir as temperatures reached in to the 90s. (John Leyba, The Denver Post)
When that Denver summer sun starts beating down, there is nothing like retreating to a local oasis for a dip in a lake or reservoir to stay cool.
This summer, though, popular Chatfield State Park in Littleton won't be an option for folks in the metro area.
Because of a construction project related to the expansion of reservoir capacity at the park, the popular swim beach will be closed for the summer.
To meet the need for increased water storage required by an increasing population in the Front Range, park managers are preparing for a substantial rise in the reservoir's water level. To accommodate that, infrastructure around the reservoir must be relocated, and that includes the swim beach.
“They're changing the infrastructure to allow a 12-foot vertical increase in water level,” said Kris Wahlers, the park's operations manager. “Things are having to move up in elevation and a little bit further away from the lake.”
The rise in water level won't happen until 2020 at the earliest, but construction to accommodate the increase began last fall at several locations around the reservoir. The second phase of construction is due to begin in the fall, with completion anticipated next spring.
The lake will remain open this summer for boating. The new north boat ramps were finished this spring and the ramps by the marina will be replaced this fall.
“Both boat ramps are open right now,” Wahlers said, “and the marina is filling up with boats.”
All hope is not lost. Here are some other options for swimming within an hour of the city. Most open Memorial Day:
And while we're talking summer and water sports, here are some great places to stand-up paddleboard along the Front Range, the rules of boating etiquette in Colorado, and even places you can surf.
NAIROBI: A Kenyan judge on Monday ordered officials from the national doctors' union to be jailed amid a strike in public hospitals that has turned into a test of President Uhuru Kenyatta's leadership ahead of August elections.
As news of the ruling emerged, truckloads of riot police took up positions and doctors wearing white gowns and surgical caps blew whistles and chanted angrily in the street.
Doctors in public hospitals have been on strike since December 5 over pay and conditions.
A series of corruption scandals, including an investigation into millions of dollars allegedly missing from the Health Ministry, has bolstered support for the doctors, even though Kenyan media has reported that patients have died during the strike.
A court ruled that the strike was illegal in December. In January, Justice Hellen Wasilwa sentenced leaders to jail for ignoring their earlier ruling, but suspended the sentence to allow negotiations. On Monday, they ordered union officials arrested.
“This court decides to resume its order sentencing the applicants to a one-month jail term,” they said.
The union, which has about 5,000 members, wants the government to implement a deal agreed in 2013 to give doctors a 150-180 per cent pay rise on basic salaries; review working conditions, job structures and criteria for promotions and address under-staffing in state hospitals.
The government has said it can only afford a 40 per cent pay rise.
The Kenya Medical Practitioners Pharmacists and Dentists' Union had warned that doctors in private hospitals might also strike if union officials were jailed.
Union leaders and Ministry of Health officials were not available for comment.
University lecturers are also striking over pay, deepening the political crisis ahead of the elections in August when Kenyans choose their next president, members of parliament and local governors.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Round was today sacked as technical director at Aston Villa by owner Tony Xia.
The club chairperson decided to give Round the boot as preparations for next season begin.
Round was told this morning at Bodymoor Heath and it came as a shock, according to sources.
With CEO Keith Wyness leaving last month - and still no replacement lined up - Villa are now desperately short on senior figures with football experience.
The position of boss Steve Bruce is uncertain, too.
They will take the group out to Portugal tomorrow for a warm-weather training camp following their return to pre-season training yesterday.
It's understood that they will now adopt an old-school approach to transfers, targeting their own men, rather than liaising with Round, or any other sporting director for that matter.
Of course this is nothing new to him. They worked this way at their former clubs and will have no problems returning to that way, should they stay at Villa.
poll loading Are Aston Villa right to get rid of Steve Round? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Bruce and Round got on well and enjoyed a good working relationship. There were never any signs that the manager struggled working under their first ever technical director, either.
The boss also had a certain amount of freedom to track the players they felt were right for the team, rather than just taking advice from the recruitment team.
Xia, meanwhile, has no plans to replace Round and will therefore leave the position vacant. They believe that the manager can handle Round's tasks efficiently enough as Villa prepare for a third season in the Championship.
Outside investment could change the outlook depending on what the potential new board members want for the future.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The scouting department still remains staffed so Bruce will have trusted experts to turn to in the times ahead.
Club secretary Sharon Barnhurst will also provide support with incomings and outgoings over the summer.
But Villa need to sell before they can buy and will only be looking for freebies and loan signings in the weeks ahead.
More Villa news
Aston Villa are in a tussle with West Bromwich Albion and Bristol City for the signature of David McGoldrick, according to reports .
McGoldrick, 30, is a Republic of Ireland international who has left Ipswich Town upon the expiry of their contract this summer.
The forward had been at Portman Road for the last five years and has also previously had spells with Southampton, Nottingham Forest and Coventry City.
Villa, who haven't done any business as of yet this summer because of financial problems that have crippled the club, are supposedly keen on McGoldrick, who is available on a free transfer.
Neighbours Albion and Lee Johnson's Bristol City have also been credited with an interest.
McGoldrick averages roughly one goal every four matches in their playing career.
Takeover latest
Tony Xia has knocked back another offer for a share of the control at Aston Villa.
It can be revealed that an American group bid £30m for 30 per-cent of the club last month - but it was flat-out rejected.
BirminghamLive understands that representatives from the group visited Villa Park and were hoping to play a part in rebuilding the club.
But despite looking for outside investment - and receiving an offer that matched their financial demands - Xia still turned it down.
That's now two serious bids rejected by the Chinese business person.
Last week we revealed that an offer from a European group for 51 per-cent of control was also rejected.
It's understood that another consortium - who have been linked with a move for Villa before - also met with the current management team consisting of chief commercial officer Luke Organ and others last week.
There has been no formal offer, though.
It's understood that the American group, who placed a bid for 30 per-cent, were confident of getting the go-ahead.
They were also willing to discuss a potential takeover and offered up the promise of another £15m should promotion be achieved in two years.
Of course there were some proposals of their own.
One of those was to sell star performer Jack Grealish for no less than £40m - and use all of the incoming funds as operating capital.
They understand that the 22-year-old is the club's prized asset and actually want to keep them on board next season, but losing them for an exorbitant fee wouldn't be the worse thing to happen if the interest was there.
Xia, however - through their Villa Park representatives - declined the first offer, and that was as far as it got.
They haven't given up hope, though, and are expected to return with another offer later this week.
Meanwhile, as reported by BirminghamLive last week, two other parties remain keen.
They both have the funds available to invest heavily and continue to support the club in the quest for a return to the Premier League, however new owners would have to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations.
They are now in the process of drawing up their offers.
The women golfers of Ireland are being badly let down. A couple of weeks ago the Ladies European Tour released its schedule of events for 2017 and it came as no surprise to anyone that, yet again, an Irish Open was not on its itinerary. It's been that way every year since the tournament's demise in 2012, only five years ago, but wasted time has a habit of stretching beyond a point of any repair.
I remember a few years back being in a room of the Royal College of Physicians on Dublin's Kildare Street, where framed portraits of reverential men, past presidents of the college, stared down from the ornately plastered walls. It was in the countdown to the Solheim Cup in 2011 and, on that day, a man's voice could be heard above all others as they embraced what the staging of the Solheim Cup would mean to the country.
The man in question was Leo Varadkar, who, lest we forget, was then the Minister for Sport. They told us how a projected €35 million would be brought into the Irish economy, of how it would provide a marketing boost to golf tourism, of how it would reach 400 million homes worldwide through television exposure. “It's the kind of showpiece event that can help to regenerate the Irish economy,” they added, admittedly with a touch of hyperbole.
Whatever about regenerating the Irish economy, the actual event - which took place at Killeen Castle in Dunsany, Co Meath - ticked virtually all the boxes, even allowing for the dreadful weather, and certainly inspired many young girls, among them the Maguire twins, Leona and Lisa, who could be found in the galleries.
The foundations for that Solheim Cup had been laid by the staging of the Ladies Irish Open over a number of years. Historically, the Ladies Irish Open has had its share of ups and downs. First staged in Northern Ireland in 1983 and 1984 (when it actually was part of the LPGA Tour), it skipped a year in 1985 and, after its reappearance in 1986, it disappeared and wasn't held again until 1994 when it was staged at St Margarets in north county Dublin.
ADVERTISEMENT
From 1999 to 2003, the Ladies Irish Open worked its way around the country. From St Margarets to CityWest to Luttrellstown Castle initially, it broke free of the capital to Ballyliffin to Letterkenny to Faithlegg and finally a two year stint in Killarney. Then, it stopped. For four years, until it was revived again in 2008 at Portmarnock Links where life was breathed back into the tournament and it actually was elevated to one of the very best on the Ladies European Tour.
For five years, the Irish Open - with one eye on building momentum towards the Solheim Cup - really thrived. The winners were top notch: Suzann Pettersen, Sophie Gustafson (a four-time winner of the title) and Catriona Matthew - all of them international superstars - lay hands on the crystal trophy.
Then, sadly, it stopped again. Matthew, a Scot and a Major champion, was the last player to lay claim to the title at Killeen Castle back in 2012.
The absence of an Irish Open from the LET calendar has now stretched to five years, which is a crying shame. You talk to Pádraig Harrington or Paul McGinley or even Rory McIlroy and they tell stories of how they were inspired by attending the Irish Open as youngsters, of days which McGinley recollects as ice-cream days because the association was of good weather at links courses like Portmarnock and Royal Dublin.
There is no historical base of women tours professionals here, unfortunately. Where Harrington and McGinley could be inspired by the O'Connors, Senior and Junior, or Des Smyth winning out on tour, young girls didn't have the same role models. As Stephanie Meadow told me recently, “I would love to have had an Irish female that I could have looked up to when I was younger.”
Meadow is seeking to become a such role model and, behind her, there is the potential for even greater things: Leona Maguire - a winner again on the US collegiate circuit in recent days - is the long-time number one in the world amateur rankings and Olivia Mahaffey is ranked fifth.
It's only a matter of time before they turn professional.
But unlike their male counterparts who will be competing in an Irish Open with wheelbarrows of money, there isn't any Ladies Irish Open at all. Someone needs to embrace the vision of what the return of the Ladies Irish Open would bring to golf in this country; it's the very least that women golfers - and spectators - deserve going forward.
Dipika & Shoaib To Start A Family Soon!
When the actor was asked about family planning, they were quoted by Spotboye as saying, "It is so funny this Mother's Day I wished so many ladies and at least 90% of them have replied, ‘Waiting for you to join (laughs).' I was like, ‘Excuse me, I just got married.' But seriously for family planning there is time... at least a year to go."
Dipika Can Put Them Career On Hold For A Baby!
When asked whether they would put their career on hold to have a baby, the actor replied, "Why not?" The actor added, "I am a complete home person."
The Actress Is A Complete Home Person
The actor further added, "If Shoaib tells me someday that, ‘Beta aap aaram karo main hoon.' I will say, ‘Ya, Ya please mujhe kaam nahi karna.' I am more than happy being home."
Shoaib On Dipika
Well, we agree that Dipika is a complete home person! Recently (before bagging Qayamat Ki Raat), when Shoaib was asked as to what's Dipika up to (as they were missing from television), they told the leading daily, "She's not alone at all. They have more time than I have with Ammi, Papa and Saba (Shoaib's parents and sister). They are a riot when together."
Marriage Is Their Priority
When asked as to when fans can watch Dipika on-screen, the actor had said that marriage is their priority, and their comeback is them call!
By Abby Hassler
Today (June 14), Queens of the Stone Age announced the impending release of their seventh studio album, Villains. This will be the band's first LP since their 2013 …Like Clockwork.
Related: Queens of the Stone Age Tease New Album, Reveal Song Titles?
The band also released an album trailer, which was directed by Liam Lynch, to reveal the album's title and a snippet of the record's first single, “Feet Don't Fail Me.” In the video, frontman Josh Homme and the band have to take a polygraph test where they try to deny the record's title.
Villains are produced by Mark Ronson and does not have a release date as of yet.
Watch the album preview video below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A wanted man was detained by police in Walsall – after they threatened to stab officers with a used hypodermic needle.
The incident took place following a foot chase in Lichfield Street on Thursday, March 15, with the offender entering a nearby car park.
When confronted the 31-year-old produced a used needle as officers then used PAVA spray before subsequently arresting him.
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: “Police from the Walsall Neighbourhood Taskforce spotted a wanted man in the town centre while carrying out routine patrols at around 2pm.
“They chased them on foot into Lichfield Street, where the 31-year-old went into a car park.
“He produced a used hypodermic needle when confronted, but was subdued using officers' spray and arrested.”
A woman walks past a branch of The Co-operative Bank in London, Britain.
London: Britain's Cooperative Bank, rescued from the brink of collapse by a group of hedge funds in 2013, has put itself up for sale as it seeks to build up its capital to meet regulatory requirements.
The bank said on Monday that it had made considerable progress implementing its turnaround plan, cutting its cost base by a fifth since 2014.
But it still expects to make a “significant loss” for last year and said that building up capital has proved difficult given low interest rates.
“As a result, and having concluded its annual planning review, the board is today commencing a sale process, inviting offers for all of the issued ordinary share capital in the bank,” the bank said.
The Bank of England's Prudential Regulation Authority, which regulates Cooperative Bank, said it welcomed the measures announced on Monday.
“We will continue to assess the bank's progress in building greater financial resilience over the coming months,” the PRA said in a statement.
The Cooperative Bank, which has four million customers, said it was also considering ways to raise equity capital from existing and new capital providers, and a potential “liability management exercise” of its outstanding public debt.
Last month, the bank said it expected its core capital ratio to fall below 10 per cent, falling short of regulatory requirements.
The bank's immediate issue is the repayment of £400 million (Dh1.8 billion) worth of bonds that mature in September.
Co-op Bank nearly folded in 2013 with a £1.5 billion hole in its capital after losses from problem real estate loans.
The bank was rescued by bondholders, including hedge funds, mainly from the United States, who bet that rising interest rates and a cost-cutting turnaround plan would improve the bank's fortunes and make them a return on their investment.
Jess Phillips, MP for Birmingham Yardley, has told how they were “a bit in shock” at Theresa May's announcement.
I think that Theresa May has lied to the country again and again - and they are being opportunistic.
I think it is rubbish what they are saying about a country divided - they obviously don't live round where I live.
People just want to get on with their lives.
She's playing a game and its a shame. I don't think there was any appetite for a general election from the public and this is Westminster politics once again.
Many stores and restaurants offer discounts and deals to their customers, encouraging them to celebrate their fathers with a gift or meal. Dads are partial to outdoor-themed gifts, and a majority of consumers plan to take their father out to eat, according to Offers.com.
Some Father's Day freebies and deals available in Wilson County include:
• Baskin Robbins – Take $3 off any ice cream cake worth $15 or more.
• Cheddar's Casual Cafe – Get a free five-piece chicken tenders order with the purchase of an adult entree.
• Chili's – Share a three-course Father's Day meal for $10. The meal includes a fresh house salad or tostada chips with salsa, a choice of select entrees and a mini-molten cake.
• Cold Stone Creamery – Order a tall, dark and delicious ice cream cake, which includes layers of moist devil's food cake, sweat cream ice cream with brownies and chocolate ice cream with Oreo cookies wrapped in fluffy white frosting with a cascading fudge gouache.
• Dairy Queen – Order a cookie dough Blizzard cake with layers of soft-serve vanilla, DQ signature fudge and crunch and cookie dough Blizzard treat topped with cookie dough pieces and cone coating.
• Logan's Roadhouse – Celebrate with new grilled menu items and double-stacked ice cream pie.
• Longhorn Steakhouse – Enjoy a Father's Day feast with favorites like the Longhorn porterhouse, seasoned steakhouse wings and fire-grilled corn on the cob.
• Maggie Moo's – Get $5 off a medium or large cake.
• Marble Slab Creamery – Take $5 off a medium or large cake.
• O'Charley's – Score two $5 rewards cards with the purchase of a $25 gift card online.
• Papa John's – Get a free large one-topping pizza when you purchase $25 worth of e-gift cards.
• Ruby Tuesday – Grab two Fathers Day specials, including a Big Daddy Burger for $11.99. The burger includes USDA prime beef with bacon, swiss, cheddar and American cheeses. Also check out ribs, burgers, salad and drink specials, including Knob Creek Bourbon for $7.
• Ryan's – Enjoy $2 off a regular-priced adult or senior lunch buffet from Monday through Saturday.
• Steak ‘n Shake – Get a free $5 certificate with a $20 purchase in gift cards.
Offers.com has more deals and will update its list daily at offers.com/blog/post/fathers-day-freebies.
Turnbull made the “major announcement” in a Facebook video on Tuesday afternoon, echoing US president Donald Trump's patriotic style, saying scrapping the scheme was about putting “Australians first”.
“We will no longer allow 457 visas to be passports to jobs that could and should go to Australians,” Turnbull said.
However, the scheme, which currently sees 95,000 workers on four year visa arrangements, will be replaced by two new temporary categories. Lukas Coch / AAPIMAGE ID: 10905274
Turnbull said the first would be for a period of two years and would not be able to be transferred after that time into a permanent residency. The second would last for four years.
Both would require workers to have had two years of prior work experience, criminal and police checks, and what was described by the prime minister as a “higher standard of English”.
The number of occupations covered by the new scheme would be cut by 200.
“It is important businesses still get access to the skills they need to grow and invest, so the 457 visa will be replaced by a new temporary visa, specifically designed to recruit the best and brightest in the national interest.”
Immigration minister Peter Dutton said the 457 scheme would be “grandfathered”, meaning those already here on 457s will remain here for the life of their visas.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and Australia's Immigration Minister Peter Dutton speak during a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. The federal government will abolish the 457 visa program that allows skilled foreigners to work in Australia. (AAP Image/Lukas Coch) NO ARCHIVING Lukas Coch / AAPIMAGE ID: 10905272
Labor leader Bill Shorten said the move was about Malcolm Turnbull “saving” their own job. Make no mistake, the only job Malcolm Turnbull cares about saving is their own. — Bill Shorten (@billshortenmp) ID: 10905083
Pauline Hanson said Turnbull was taking action because of One Nation's position on 457s. The Government will deny their tough talk on immigration & plan to ban 457 visas is because of One Nation but we all know the truth! #auspol — Pauline Hanson (@PaulineHansonOz) ID: 10905086
Liberal party defector Cory Bernardi also took credit. Pleased to see changes to work visa system but wouldn't be happening without @AuConservatives reminding gov what it should be doing. #Auspol — Cory Bernardi (@corybernardi) ID: 10905268
Poland is seeing a resurgence of anti-Semitism over pending legislation that would impose jail terms for suggestions that the nation was complicit in the Holocaust, local minority groups warned, as pressure mounts on the president to veto the bill.
Parliament passed the bill on Thursday, drawing outrage from Israel, criticism from the United States and condemnation from a number of international organisations. President Andrzej Duda has 21 days to decide whether to sign it into law.
The bill would impose up to three years prison sentences for mentioning the term “Polish death camps” and for suggesting “publicly and against the facts” individual or state complicity in Nazi Germany crimes.
More than three million of Poland's 3.2 million Jews were murdered by the Nazis, accounting for about half of the Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from across Europe were sent to be killed at death camps built and operated by the Germans on Polish soil, including Auschwitz, Treblinka, Belzec and Sobibor.
According to figures from the US Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Nazis also killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians.
In a rare show of unity, Polish minority and ethnic groups, including Jewish, Ukrainian and Russian, urged Duda and other authorities to counteract all forms of xenophobia, intolerance and anti-Semitism, although they did not directly call on the president to veto the bill.
“Our particular concern and objection is caused by the numerous and loud manifestations of anti-Semitism that we have been witnessing this week after the [parliament] passed [the Holocaust bill],” the groups said in statement.
Poland is one of the most ethnically and religiously homogenous countries in Europe, but before World War Two Jews made up 10 per cent of the population and the country also had large Ukrainian, German, Belarussian and other minorities.
Poland's ruling party, the socially conservative PiS, has reignited debate on the Holocaust as part of a campaign to fuel patriotism since sweeping into power in 2015. The party says the bill is needed to protect Poland's reputation and ensure historians recognise that Poles as well as Jews were victims of the Nazis.
Israeli officials said the legislation criminalises basic historical facts. Critics of the bill have raised concerns it will curb free speech and could potentially be used against Holocaust survivors or historians.
A US congressional task force on combating anti-Semitism and a number of Jewish organisations urged Duda to veto the bill.
The International Auschwitz Council, an advisory body to the office of the Polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, said on Friday the bill's imprecision raised “legitimate concerns about restricting freedom in discovering the truth about the Holocaust”.
Duda has not said whether they would sign the bill, but their spokesperson told the Polish state radio Trojka: “The president believes that Poland, as any other country, has the right to defend its good name ... has the right to defend the truth”.
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the chairperson of PiS and de facto the country's leader, told the public radio Jedynka on Saturday that Duda should sign the law,
“He should sign it ...,” Kaczynski said. “We must talk to our allies in a way that would allow them to understand that we have no intention of renouncing our dignity.” - Reuters
(KHON) — The emergency worker fired by the state for sending a false missile alert has hired an attorney, and plans to sue the state for defamation.
The state has not identified the worker, but their attorney, Michael Green, says many people already know who they are, because the worker has received numerous death threats.
So what does it take to prove that the state is liable?
Green says their client has been made a scapegoat in all this. The worker has been living in fear because of the death threats, and Green says it's because the state lied about what happened.
Once the panic died down on Jan. 13, state officials, including the governor, announced that the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency worker who issued the missile alert had mistakenly pressed the wrong button.
On Tuesday, Jan. 30, the FCC and the state added that the worker didn't know it was a drill, and actually thought there was a missile attack.
“He never pressed the wrong button. They pressed the button they wanted to press, because the way it came out, they think we're in imminent danger. Within 20 minutes, we might not be here anymore,” Green said.
The state has not released the workers name, but says it plans to.
“People want to kill him. They identified them as a male, 10 years in the office. They show the back of a man sitting on a desk. It's not rocket science to figure out who it is,” Green said.
KHON2 reached out to David Major, a constitutional law attorney for the firm Bays Lung Rose Holma, who also handles defamation lawsuits. They say the state has a wide range of immunity against defamation lawsuits.
“It provides for protections for the state, because if every time somebody disagreed with what the state said, they could sue them, it would lead to a huge problem in the court system,” Major said.
Major says the worker would have to prove that what the state said about them and the incident was false.
Green says they might also sue the state for slander and libel.
“Because they're saying that they made a mistake?” KHON2 asked.
“No, because they lied about what happened. It's got to be untrue what they said about him. It's got to be false,” Green said.
It's not clear yet if the worker wants their job back.
We reached out to the state, and a spokesperson says it does not comment on pending litigation.
This story is about Published 2h
Reports: Baylor hires ex-Oregon offensive coordinator Matt Lubick away from Ole Miss to lead Bears' attack Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer After being introduced, Baylor University's new head football coach Matt Rhule speaks to the audience assembled during a public ceremony at the Ferrell Center in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, December 7, 2016. Rhule led the Temple Owls to another American Athletic Conference championship before accepting the Baylor offer to be it's 27th head football coach. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
New Baylor coach Matt Rhule is reportedly sneaking a hire away from the SEC for their new offensive coordinator. According to multiple reports, Rhule is hiring Mississippi wide receivers coach Matt Lubick, better known for their time leading the Oregon offense, as the Bears' offensive coordinator next season.
SOURCE: #OleMiss/#Oregon Matt Lubick has accepted the job to become #Baylor's new OC.. Has worked w/ new OL coach George DeLeone before. — Bruce Feldman (@BruceFeldmanCFB) January 2, 2017
#OleMiss coach Hugh Freeze confirms that Matt Lubick will take offensive coordinator position at Baylor. — Parrish Alford (@parrishalford) January 2, 2017
According to Fox Sports' Bruce Feldman, Lubick's deal is for two years. Lubick, who had just joined the Ole Miss staff at the end of December, is best known for their work with the record-setting Oregon offense from 2013-2016. They spent time as the receivers coach, passing game coordinator and as the offensive coordinator last season. Since hiring Rhule to replace interim coach Jim Grobe, Baylor has essentially had a clean sweep of assistants. The old crew gained a bit of notoriety for defending former coach Art Briles, who was ousted amid Baylor's sexual-assault scandal.
By Jet Stanley Madu
The Regional Director at EF Academy, Dubai UAE (United Arab Emirate), Mr. Ayo Olatoye has called on Buhari administration to forget about free school feeding for now and give Nigerian students STEM. But they are not totally against the free school feeding if the government can afford both.
But where it cannot, they would prefer that their administration went into massive STEM sensitization as that would, in the long run, help the students more than free feeding.
“For the President to have promised that, they had good intentions,” they said. “But maybe it isn't a very practical thing to execute at this time. Basically, students need a lot of things. Of course they need food. They also need to learn. It doesn't necessarily have to be one or the other. It could be both. The world we live in is not an either-or world. If government feels it is able to invest in education and also feed kids who may be coming from homes which don't have any meals, then it's fine.
“But, the one thing that I would say is this; Nigeria is filled with brilliant people – both young and old. And what I truly believe is that we all need to start looking beyond ourselves to see the kind of value we can add to the country. If we invest in developing our young people, getting them ready to start businesses, getting them ready to become entrepreneurs, and help to transform the society in which they live, I think we all will be better for it, at the end of the day.”
To this end, they prescribed STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) as a model that can help students to study and understand better.
The Director was among other heads of overseas institutions who led their schools to attend the last UK (United Kingdom) Boarding School Education Fair in Lagos, Nigeria. The exhibition put together by NUBI Education Consulting Limited is an annual convergence of primary and post-primary education providers from the UK, Canada and United States of America (USA).
In a chat with The Sun Education, the regional director held that the most obvious response to reviving the country's ailing education sector is STEM. It's a programme that unifies all the four disciplines (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) and looks for similarities from which students can draw knowledge and learning, they said. This can be run as an independent programme, they explained.
“It stands aside from what is currently being taught in schools,” they insist. “But, you could have people coming once a week to facilitate the programmes, from JS 1 to SS 3; from primary one to primary six. And it would accelerate learning in a lot of schools for a lot of students. STEM is not the only one. There many other programmes – Entrepreneurship, Leadership, Innovation, IT – little supplementary programmes that can be run alongside what we're currently running in our schools. So, even if facilities in our schools are not as great as they should be, at least, the learning the children would have will be much better. And they would graduate with much better grades.”
Apart from introducing the STEM model, Olatoye advised the government to leverage on technology to facilitate teaching. “There are so many online resources and so many ways that students can be supported remotely or directly.” Education authorities should look at things that can be explored-that may not even be so expensive in order to deliver learning and knowledge”.
They applauded the Director, NUBI, Mrs. Rose Omonubi, for creating the platform for Nigerian parents and their children to interface with foreign education providers to guide them in the choice of schools for their kids. Although they are miles away from home, Olatoye says to share some concerns over the steady decline in the standard of education in their country.
They contend that education requires sufficient investment to thrive. Their words: “From my knowledge as a Nigerian who has lived here for many years, one of the things that I've seen by visiting many schools around is insufficient investment in the school itself. And that includes teaching materials, classroom facilities, teacher training. The amount of investments that need to be done to bring the schools up to par, obviously, has not been sufficient so far.”
To strengthen the education base, aside STEM, they prescribed other supplementary forms of learning that could open up the students learning horizon. They include early introduction of students to skills and entrepreneurial studies.
“I have mentioned the STEM. But, there are also programmes that teach kids to become entrepreneurs, to encourage and foster that,” they noted. “To give you an example, in the United Arab Emirate, in the United Kingdom, in the United States, we have 13-/14-year-old students that are starting online businesses on their own. They know what it is to design a logo, to create a website on their own, to set up a CRM system.
“Those are the kind of things that our young people need to begin to learn. It's not just enough to say you want to start a business. How do you go about starting that business? As graduating students, what are the basic elements that you need to incorporate in your business plan? How do you write a business plan? These are the kind of things I think our kids and our young people need to start getting exposed to. And once that happens, you would see the big effect on our economy and on the society.”
Share
A 19-year-old Santa Maria man is most likely heading to trial to face charges for threatening a California Highway Patrol officer near Los Alamos at the end of a pursuit last July.
Michael Paul Ledesma, who was subsequently shot and critically wounded by the CHP officer, faces four felony charges, the most serious of which is attempted murder of a police officer. Other charges include assault with a deadly weapon on a peace officer; assault with a deadly weapon on a woman who made the 9-1-1 call; and felony child endangerment, according to the Santa Barbara County District Attorney's Office.
Ledesma, who has pleaded not guilty to the charges, appeared Wednesday before Superior Court Judge Patricia Kelly in Santa Maria for arraignment.
Deputy District Attorney Kevin Duffy, who recently took over the case, said Ledesma has failed to accept two “reasonable” plea offers, the details of which Duffy did not want to discuss.
A readiness and settlement conference has been scheduled for July 31, with a trial confirmation hearing Oct. 9. A jury trial is tentatively scheduled to begin Oct. 28, Duffy said.
“It could be resolved,” Duffy said, noting Ledesma has time to reconsider the two offers. “But when we set trial dates, that usually means there hasn't been a meeting of the minds.”
Ledesma's arraignment was postponed a number of times after they were originally ordered to trial at the conclusion of a two-day preliminary hearing in January.
The charges stem from an incident that began about 4 p.m. July 15, 2012, when CHP officers and Santa Barbara County sheriff's deputies responded to a 9-1-1 call from Ledesma's female companion, who reported that they were threatening them and their baby with a knife in a vehicle near Los Alamos.
Prosecutors allege that Ledesma confronted CHP Sgt. Dan Barba with a knife after Barba pulled their cruiser behind Ledesma's vehicle on Highway 135, 2½ miles west of Los Alamos. Barba, who testified during the preliminary hearing, was the first officer to arrive on scene.
Believing they were in imminent danger, Barba fired their gun several times, and Ledesma was taken to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital with critical injuries.
Ledesma, who is being held in the County Jail in lieu of $1.23 million bail, also faces special allegations of use of deadly weapon and street terrorism — committing the offense for the benefit of or at the direction of or in association with a criminal street gang.
Santa Barbara County District Attorney Joyce Dudley ruled in December that Barba was justified in shooting Ledesma.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Saturday sees the Vans Hi Standard series return to Europe – with Chamrousse, France, hosting once more the open freestyle throwdown.
If you've never had the pleasure of witnessing this particular comp before, the concept is simple. Open jam format (open to all ages), 720 maximum spin limits, and judges ruling on style only.
As well as prizes, you can get yourself registered for free, grab some much and a lift ticket without opening your wallet – and throw down with hopes of gaining the “Van Doren Rail Best Trick”, “Most Improved Rider” or “Worst Bail” titles.
See below for more details:
Over the past year or so, there's been a growing movement to reduce the amount of plastic we use in the UK.
Thanks to David Attenborough and Blue Planet II, we're acutely aware of the damage plastic can have on our oceans. Remember the whale carrying their dead calf, who died from drinking milk contaminated with toxins that came from ingesting plastic? It was one of the most harrowing moments of last year's standout documentary series. And, campaign group, Surfers Against Sewage, estimates 5,000 items of plastic pollution are found per mile of beach in the UK.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's because of these shocking figures that people have recently devoted their attention to reducing the use of plastic straws. You know the drill. You order a drink in a club or a restaurant, and two or three unnecessary straws will immediately be added. In a bid to prevent this, some companies, restaurants and festivals have gone as far as banning them, and the environment secretary Michael Gove suggested boycotting them could become a law.
Pinterest
This week, the war on plastic has been developing across the pond. Seattle has become the first US city to ban single-use plastic straws in the food industry. However, while it's a positive step for environmental conservation, the move has sparked a backlash with people raising a very important point on social media. For some living with disabilities, straws can be absolutely vital.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
There are certain conditions which lead muscles, including in the arms and the mouth, to not work at full capacity. This means even supposedly simple actions for non-disabled people, like picking up a drink and sipping it, are extremely difficult and assistance through a straw is necessary.
What's the options for the disabled who need plastic, or similar, straws? https://t.co/tqvwTWSo9z — Mando_One (@FMGhost09) July 3, 2018
I've talked about this before but the banning of things like plastic straws is a twofold problem. It erases the disabled folks that need them and shifts the blame for the killing of the planet on to the individual consumer. — ♿✊🏾🖖🏾Mallory (@_brown_recluse_) July 2, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
yes turtles got it, but what about disabled people who need straws https://t.co/hy4NwWbeN5 — urbandoll ♡ (@urbandoII) July 3, 2018
Plastic straws are essential for some in the disabled community — Fullmetal Communist: Brotherhood (@petermorency) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Cosmopolitan.com/uk spoke to 20-year-old Chloe Tear from Leeds, who is a psychology student. They also have Cerebral Palsy - a condition that affects movement and co-ordination.
"I can completely understand that we want to help the environment and reduce plastic, we only have one planet and we do need to look after it," they say. "But targeting straws is totally the wrong way to go about it."
Chloe Tear
Chloe doesn't rely on using straws all the time, but they regularly need to use them as their arms and hands, particularly their left hand, cannot support them holding a glass. This can also coincide with their mouth muscles not working as well. So, by putting a drink (normally from a bottle) on the table next to them with a straw, it becomes a lot more manageable.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"There's so many people who rely on straws 100% of the time," they explain. "We could be targeting so many other avenues of plastic like packaging in shops... there are so many alternative routes to go down."
Chloe suggests that plastic straws could be kept behind the bar instead of automatically added to drinks, then they could be offered to those in need of one. They add that they always try to leave the house with a straw in their bag, just in case. And while people might be quick to recommend straws made of alternatives to plastic like metal or paper, these can also be problematic for people who have disabilities.
Getty Images
"Currently the alternatives that I see growing numbers of are paper straws which, frankly, are useless," says Chloe. "Plastic straws are the best. Maybe some people can use metal straws instead. I've got one but sometimes if you have either involuntary movement or less muscle control in your mouth, a metal straw doesn't bend and that can actually be quite dangerous."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Chloe feels strongly that a total ban on plastic straws would actually be "discrimination" for people with disabilities who need them.
"I know people are wanting to come up with alternatives, and it's not that we are not open to these but they are not suitable. We care about the planet just as much as everybody else, and if a suitable alternative came along of course we would use them."
Let's hope when we consider the essential progress of reducing how much single-use plastic we use, it's done with everyone in mind.
Orthobiologics Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Orthobiologics Market by type (allografts, bone morphogenic proteins, demineralised bone matrix, synthetic bone grafts, stem cell therapies, soft tissue repair), application (spinal fusion, trauma repair, reconstructive surgery), end-use (hospitals) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Orthobiologics Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Orthobiologics Market are Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., DePuy Synthes, Stryker Corporation, Harvest Technologies Corporation, Globus Medical, Inc., Orthofix International N.V., Nuvasive, Inc., Bioventus LLC, Kuros Biosciences Ltd. and Arthrex, Inc. According to report the global orthobiologics market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 5.5% over the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/167
Orthobiologics are substances that orthopedic surgeons use to help injuries heal more quickly. They are used to improve the healing of broken bones and injured muscles, tendons, and ligaments. These products are made from substances that are naturally found in your body. Anything that is concerned with muscles, ligaments and joints is considered orthopedic. Disorders are ailments, injuries or diseases that cause knee problems, whiplash, dislocated shoulder, torn cartilages, foot pain and fibromyalgia. These are only a few of the known orthopedic disorders. There are as many treatments for orthopedic disorders as there are problems and injuries in the muscles, ligaments and joints. Orthopedic treatments and devices have helped restore a normal lifestyle for millions of patients globally.
Increasing R&D Investments and Collaborations between Leading Medical Device and Biotechnology Companies, Leading to Advent of Advanced Orthobiologics is expected to Increase the Base for Growth of Orthobiologics
The increasing incidence of sports injuries, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, and obesity, combined with the ever-increasing aging population globally is the key growth drivers of the global orthobiologics market. Along with these factors, increasing R&D investments and collaborations between leading medical device and biotechnology companies, leading to advent of advanced orthobiologics is expected to increase the base for growth of orthobiologics.
Segment Covered
The report on global orthobiologics market covers segments such as, type, application and end-use. On the basis of type the global orthobiologics market is categorized into allografts, bone morphogenic proteins, demineralised bone matrix, synthetic bone grafts, joint fluid therapy (viscosupplementation), stem cell therapies and soft tissue repair. On the basis of application the global orthobiologics market is categorized into spinal fusion, trauma repair, reconstructive surgery, soft-tissue injuries and fracture recovery. On the basis of end-use the global orthobiologics market is categorized into hospitals, dental clinics and facilities and research & academic institutes.
The U.S. Drives the Growth in the North America Region as it is the Largest Market in the Region
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017-2023.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global orthobiologics market such as, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., DePuySynthes, Stryker Corporation, Harvest Technologies Corporation, Globus Medical, Inc., Orthofix International N.V., Nuvasive, Inc., Bioventus LLC, Kuros Biosciences Ltd. and Arthrex, Inc.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Orthobiologics Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Orthobiologics Market
4. Global Orthobiologics Market by Type
4.1. Allografts
4.2. Bone Morphogenic Proteins
4.3. Demineralised Bone Matrix
4.4. Synthetic Bone Grafts
4.5. Joint Fluid Therapy (Viscosupplementation)
4.6. Stem Cell Therapies
4.7. Soft Tissue Repair
5. Global Orthobiologics Market by Application
5.1. Spinal Fusion
5.2. Trauma Repair
5.3. Reconstructive Surgery
5.4. Soft-Tissue Injuries
5.5. Fracture Recovery
6. Global Orthobiologics Market by End-Use
6.1. Hospitals
6.2. Dental Clinics and Facilities
6.3. Research & Academic Institutes
7. Global Orthobiologics Market by Region 2017-2023
7.1. North America
7.1.1. North America Orthobiologics Market by Type
7.1.2. North America Orthobiologics Market by Application
7.1.3. North America Orthobiologics Market by Country
7.2. Europe
7.2.1. Europe Orthobiologics Market by Type
7.2.2. Europe Orthobiologics Market by Application
7.2.3. Europe Orthobiologics Market by Country
7.3. Asia-Pacific
7.3.1. Asia-Pacific Orthobiologics Market by Type
7.3.2. Asia-Pacific Orthobiologics Market by Application
7.3.3. Asia-Pacific Orthobiologics Market by Country
7.4. RoW
7.4.1. RoW Orthobiologics Market by Type
7.4.2. RoW Orthobiologics Market by Application
7.4.3. RoW Orthobiologics Market by Sub-region
8. Company Covered
8.1. Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.
8.2. DePuySynthes
8.3. Stryker Corporation
8.4. Harvest Technologies Corporation
8.5. Globus Medical, Inc.
8.6. Orthofix International N.V.
8.7. Nuvasive, Inc.
8.8. Bioventus LLC
8.9. Kuros Biosciences Ltd.
8.10. Arthrex, Inc.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_orthobiologics_market
We're well into the fall season, which means you've probably missed more than a couple new shows before it was too late. To help you catch up, here are five...
‘A Wind Like No Other: The Columbus Day storm of 1962:' Free monthly noon hour history talk series features retired Olympian columnist John Dodge. He'll highlight their book which takes us back to Columbus Day of 1962. 11:30 a.m. June 15 at the Schmidt House, just off Custer Way in Tumwater at 330 Schmidt Place. Information: www.olytumfoundation.org or 360-786-8117. The Olympian
GoDaddy, the world's largest seller of internet domain names, has announced it will no longer allow neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer to use its services. The company posted a tweet stating that the white supremacist site had 24 hours to find another provider after it violated GoDaddy's ToS.
The move is a response to Daily Stormer founder Andrew Anglin's article disparaging Heather Heyer, the 32-year-old woman who was killed when an alleged white supremacist drove into a crowd of people protesting against the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday.
Twitter user Amy Siskind called on GoDaddy to do something about Anglin's piece, which called Heyer a “drain on society,” adding that “Most people are glad they are dead.”
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017
GoDaddy corporate spokesperson Dan Race told the Washington Post that the article violated its terms of service. “Given The Daily Stormer's latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race wrote in an email to the publication.
GoDaddy has faced criticism over its decision to allow racist websites to register their domain names with the company, despite its terms of service banning “morally offensive activity.” The sites also use a GoDaddy-affiliated privacy service called Domains by Proxy, which stops the public from discovering contact information associated with a domain name.
“While we detest the sentiment of this site and the article in question, we support First Amendment rights and, similar to the principles of free speech, that sometimes means allowing such tasteless, ignorant content.” Ben Butler, GoDaddy's director of network abuse, told The Daily Beast after a Daily Stormer article promised to “track down” the relations of CNN staff.
In the last few hours, it's been reported that The Daily Stormer website has been infiltrated by Annonymous, with the hacktivist group ostensibly posting an article called “END OF HATE: ANONYMOUS NOW IN CONTROL OF DAILY STORMER.” However, the Anonymous Twitter account claims it has no involvement with the hack, and that it is likely just a publicity stunt.
We have no confirmation that "Anonymous" is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host. https://t.co/ikXXRBfC5p — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
Apple Issues Quick Fix for Mac Password Vulnerability
Apple Inc. said an update was now available to fix a security issue in its latest Mac operating system that enables people to log in to Mac computers without knowing the password.
The Cupertino, Calif., tech giant said Wednesday that as of 8 a.m., the update was available for download and that later in the day it will be automatically installed on all systems running the latest version of macOS High Sierra.
"Security is a top priority for every Apple product, and regrettably we stumbled with this release of macOS," the company said in a statement. "We are auditing our development processes to help prevent this from happening again."
A software developer unaffiliated with Apple publicized the problem Tuesday, saying people could log in to Apple computers running macOS High Sierra by entering the user name "root" and no password, then clicking the login button several times.
The "root" user account is generally used by computer administrators and gives "read and write privileges to more areas of the system, including files in other macOS user accounts," according to Apple.
The issue had been described online previously, including in the Apple Developer Forum earlier this month, but received more attention after Lemi Ergin, a Turkish software developer, tweeted about it Tuesday, asking Apple if it was aware of the "huge security issue."
In a Medium post published Wednesday, Ergin said staffers at a company they work for discovered the issue while trying to help a co-worker recover access to their local administrator account. The staffers used the flaw to recover the account and informed Apple about the problem last week, they said.
"I have no intention to harm Apple and Apple users," Ergin said in the post. "By posting the tweet, I just wanted to warn Apple and say 'there is a serious security issue in High Sierra, be aware of it and fix it.'"
Apple said in its statement that its security engineers became aware of the issue Tuesday afternoon and that the company "immediately began working on an update that closes the security hole."
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Apple.
An automated trading system, also referred to as mechanical trading system or algorithmic trading system, enables vendors to set up specific rules for money management, trade entries, and trade exits. Automated trading systems are generally programmed in a way that it can be executed automatically through consumer systems. The entry trade and exit trade is based on the moving average crossovers. In other situations, this system requires the understanding of the programming language that is specific to the user's trading platform. This system typically requires the application of software that provides direct access to brokers and the particular rules that are written in the platform.
The automated trading market is primarily driven due to the growing demand for market surveillance. The high demand for market surveillance will boost the requirement for compliance. This will compel participants to track their trading activities and investment patterns. In addition, the growing need to build an economy with regional as well as international interdependencies will aid market players to have the best global assets.
As a result, leading manufacturers are formulating effective business strategies to build high-risk infrastructure that will help to augment the equity market. This will also help the leading vendors to position themselves in the new trading value chain by connecting different geographies. Vendors are also constantly investing in algorithmic platforms and technologies to help individual institutional investors and businesses.
The global automated trading market is segregated geographically into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa (MEA), and Latin America. North America is the most dominant market among all the regions as there is continues trade monitoring and surveillance in the FX spot market. In this region, the continuous growth of the trade monitoring system will lead to rapid increase in FX trading activities. Apart from this, the considerable role of dealers will raise auditable standards in trading activities and will help to bring about easy interactions between traders.
An exclusive brochure of this report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21650
Currently in this region, customers increasingly prefer different strategies that will provide opportunities of statistical and risk arbitrage and can be easily implemented by using new pairs of algorithm functionalities. Moreover, the North America market for automated trading is predominantly driven due to better technological infrastructure and acceptability of innovative and niche automated trading system. Asia Pacific is the speedily growing region due to rapid industrialization and increased awareness regarding technological advancement among business owners.
The automated trading market is highly competitive and is characterized by the presence of large number of large scale and small scale vendors. These companies have been investing considerable capital in research and development activities in order to expand their production capabilities and to meet growing market demand. Since all the major vendors compete with each other to gain maximum market share, the competitive environment in the market is quite fierce.
Download Table Of Content https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=21650
These vendors compete with each other in terms of product differentiation, price, product innovation, product distribution, and promotion. Competition in the market will intensify further with the emergence of more players. Technological upgrades will lead to the entry of a large number of new players who engage in the single and multi dealer platforms. This results in higher level of competition among existing players. Apart from this, due to insufficient reporting and complexity, the market lacks transparency. Thus, market players such as governments and central banks have the need to frame mechanisms that ensure an independent and timely monitoring system.
The key players in the automated trading market included Citadel, KCG, Optiver, and Two Sigma Investments. Others prominent vendors in this market are DRW Trading, Hudson River Trading, Flow Traders, Jump Trading, Spot Trading, RSJ Algorithmic Trading, Sun Trading, Tradebot Systems, Tower Research Capital, and Virtu Financial among others.
Day 91 of the 30th Alaska Legislature's First Regular Session
9:00 a.m. – Senate Finance Committee | Live
10:30 a.m. – House Floor Session | Live
11:00 a.m. – Senate Floor Session | Live
1:00 p.m. – Senate Resources Committee (1 of 2) | Live
3:00 p.m. – House Finance Committee | Recorded
5:00 p.m. – Senate Resources Committee (2 of 2) | Live
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Gone will be the days when parents would ask the priest, close loved ones and friends, leaders in the neighborhood or the elderly individuals to suggest a suitor for their son or daughter. Going to a marriage broker who demands their commission initially can also be passé. Using the advent of technologies, Matrimonial sites have come into play which has made the ‘cupid' a issue from the past. They offer no cost matchmaking and dating services. The age-old Indian tradition of arranged marriage exactly where the parents would choose the partner initially and the youngsters may have to agree has also come a extended way, because of the matrimonial sites that supply on the net matchmaking. Get a lot more information about Ramakshatriya matrimony sites
Though distinctive folks have unique opinions about on-line dating and matrimonial sites, there are some distinct advantages this sort of match-making offers:
Financial – Save Time and money
The parents never need to travel and cover long distances to find out the suitor or initiate marriage since they could simply discover a handful of person profiles that match their needs. The sending and getting of photographs and bio-data has been replaced with emailing. Thus, matrimonial sites are economical in terms of time, money and efforts.
Myriad Options
The matrimonial sites have large databases of suitors. You do not have limited solutions based on the individual networks of friends and family, and you can locate suitors from all walks of life. There are actually plenty profiles out there with related interests and objectives as yours, this may provide you with lots of choices to assist you make the best decision.
Very easily Accessible
They may be uncomplicated to access from any online connection and possess a user-friendly interface. Nowadays, young people are technology savvy and do not have time to waste in meetings with marriage brokers. They can use the matrimonial sites or the mobile applications where acquiring profiles is produced effortless and convenient.
Counseling
The majority of the matrimonial sites have blogs that answer your questions, deliver counseling and give an insight on every single nitty-gritty detail involved in locating a companion and organizing a wedding. From pre-wedding jitters for the reception and soon after party, all the things is explained. Some sites even provide live counseling for new couples.
Privacy
If you are afraid that the whole globe will understand that you are in search of a match then, neglect all your worries as these matrimonial sites present secrecy and anonymity. Some sites allow you to keep a private profile, which can be viewable only to your matches and not to the public.
Safety
All the profiles on these sites are secure and secure. They are also verified by the web page. The odds are quite low that you will encounter a fake profile. One particular obtains a profile only immediately after applying for membership, that is a scrutinizing procedure.
Filtered Final results
If you are searching to get a particular background and particular good quality in your match, all you have got to do is offer your specifications and you will get filtered benefits. Example: If you belong for the Sikh community and you're searching to get a Jatt Sikh who is a banker about Delhi, you could inform the website these needs, and it can show you all of the matches.
Easy to Communicate
Luckily, you do not need to send letters by way of traditional mail like the olden days. Now, you could just sit in front of the computer and have a beside chat with your suitor. If someone you obtain around the web page strikes your interest, you could possess a beside text or video chat with them.
Informative
You get detailed information about the individual, even when it's their second marriage, no matter whether they are a Non-Resident Indian, etc. The profiles are informative and deliver you every tiny tiny piece of facts, and all of the information and facts supplied is honest and correct. This way, you will be capable of search by way of diverse profiles and determine who you want to spend your time acquiring to know before you decide who to marry.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
DJ Avicii has tragically died at the age of 28.
Their agent has confirmed the devastating news.
The Swedish musician, real name Tim Bergling, died in Muscat, Oman on Friday, April 20.
A representative for Avicii announced the news in a statement: "It is with profound sorrow that we announce the loss of Tim Bergling, also known as Avicii.
"He was found dead in Muscat, Oman this Friday afternoon local time, April 20th.
"The family is devastated and we ask everyone to please respect their need for privacy in this difficult time.
"No further statements will be given."
(Image: Yui Mok/PA Wire)
Avicii was best known for EDM hits including Levels, Hey Brother and Wake Me Up with Aloe Blaccc, reports the Mirror.
In a note announcing their retirement in 2016 they said: "I know I am blessed to be able to travel all around the world and perform, but I have too little left for the life of a real person behind the artist.
"I will however never let go of music - I will continue to speak to my fans through it, but I've decided this 2016 run will be my last tour and last shows."
They released their debut studio album, True, in 2013 and followed it up with Stories in 2015.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But tragically, Avicii's career was cut short at its prime, with the star blighted by debilitating health conditions that left them unable to peform.
Away from their chart-topping music, the Swedish producer secretly endured multiple hospitalisations and suffered with acute pancreatitis, caused in part due to excessive drinking.
A year after being nominated for their second consecutive GRAMMY award in 2014, the Levels producer underwent two operations to remove their gallbladder and appendix - but suffered further illness relating to their surgeries.
They had been due to appear at the Ultra Music Festival in Miami later that year but had to pull out at the last minute when they were rushed to hospital again with severe abdominal pains, nausea and a fever.
Months later Avicii gave an interview to Rolling Stone magazine and said they couldn't even watch their friends perform on stage any more.
"I'm still trumatised. But i'm sure I will [enjoy watching gigs] again. I've started being able to listen to music again, getting a little bit of that joy back," they said.
"It's very easy to become attached to partying. You become lonely and get anxieties. It becomes toxic," they added.
Scottish DJ Calvin Harris was one of the first to pay tribute, calling their fellow musician a "beautiful soul".
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They added: "My heart goes out to their family."
Liam Payne shared: "Oh my god truly devastated for Avicii very very sad news way to young ... what a talent they are. rest in peace x"
While close friend DJ Snake tweeted: "Rest in peace, Avicii. We lost a legend."
Swedish DJ Eric Prydz simply posted: "I have no words... RIP Tim," followed by a red rose.
Pop star Dua Lipa tweeted: "Such sad news to hear about Avicii passing. Too young and way too soon. My condolences go out to their family, friends and fans x."
In a note announcing their retirement in 2016 they said: "I know I am blessed to be able to travel all around the world and perform, but I have too little left for the life of a real person behind the artist.
"I will however never let go of music - I will continue to speak to my fans through it, but I've decided this 2016 run will be my last tour and last shows."
They released their debut studio album, True, in 2013 and followed it up with Stories in 2015.
Ever since Alan Kelly became minister for the environment in 2014, there has been a flood of policies, strategies and plans launched to solve the housing and homelessness crisis. Unfortunately, nearly all of these supposed silver bullets have turned out to be blanks.
At the tail end of 2014, Kelly promised 35,000 new social housing units would be delivered by the end of 2018, with a €3.8 billion budget to back it up.
Last year, their successor Simon Coveney came up with a bigger plan, Rebuilding Ireland, to provide 47,000 social housing units by 2021, with a capital budget of €5.5 billion.
And now the Minister who has followed Coveney into the Custom House, Eoghan Murphy, will complete a review in September of a policy that is only a year old. They will then unveil a brand new, perhaps more modest, blueprint.
What unites all three Ministers is that none will come anywhere near meeting their targets.
After three years and countless initiatives, the homeless figures remain stark. Despite the promises to end homelessness in the short term, the crisis is showing no signs of abating. The latest figures show there are 7,941 people without a home, 2,895 of whom were children.
Murphy has abandoned one of the early targets – to bring an end to the shameful situation where families live in emergency accommodation, namely B&Bs and hotels. Coveney had promised this situation would be ended by July. As of now there are still 647 families left in that inappropriate situation.
The situation has worsened but this problem is not a new one.
Poor policies
In 2002, there were 4,060 people who were designated as homeless, including 1,140 children. The problem was particularly acute in Dublin during that year. At the time Greg Maxwell of Simon said they were “fed up” issuing public statements about the growing homelessness crisis in the capital.
It has been exacerbated by poor policies pursued during the boom, the subsequent recession, and an enfeebled construction sector unable to cope with increased demand in a recovering economy.
For example, when new-house builds fell by 90 per cent during the recession so did social housing units (despite a consistent need). Under Part V of the Planning and Development Act, developers were required to set aside 10 per cent (earlier 20 per cent) of their units to social housing needs. Between 2012 and 2016 only about 100 a year were built throughout the State. In the preceding five years, over 2,000 were built each year.
Some 23,000 of the 47,000 social housing units planned for 2021 will be supplied by local authorities, with others being provided by housing agencies and the private sector. The Part V portion of that is 900 units a year – which already seems absurdly ambitious.
The latest official figures suggest there are 183,000 vacant properties in the State, some 30,000 in the capital. However, while the figure seems astounding, the real figure of potential available properties is more modest.
Houses which are completely uninhabitable (a rundown cottage uninhabited for decades); holiday homes; and Celtic Tiger estates built in areas where there never will be demand have to be removed. The real figure might be closer to 25,000.
Real data
But nobody knows for sure. On Monday, Murphy announced another quiver of initiatives to try to tackle this problem. The first thing is to get some real data. Local authorities will be compelled to collate real information which will be fed to a new vacant homes unit within the department, which will collate and come up with delivery strategies.
Other plans include a website where people can report vacant homes, potential penalties for landlords who do not make use of derelict properties, and the renting, for social purposes, of houses vacated by elderly people availing of the Fair Deal nursing home scheme.
To be fair, the Government has made some inroads. Some 3,000 vacant units have being brought back into use in the past year, which is commendable given the traditional turnaround rate.
But against that, there are the blank bullets. The Government announced a major “Repair and Lease” scheme late last year, where owners could avail of grants of €40,000 to repair a unit to allow it to be leased for social housing purposes. It is hoped that 3,500 units will be delivered under this scheme.
However, so far only a paltry seven units have been delivered. A rethink is urgently required.
And still, there remain yawning gaps between target and delivery.
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - US Nuclear Corp. ( OTCBB : UCLE) is excited to announce the opening of their new office in Beijing, China, which will commence on February 25, 2017. The staff will include local product specialists and trained technicians.
CEO Robert Goldstein said, "Having our own office in Beijing, China will greatly improve communications between current and future customers, distributors, and key officials. With the support of local sales representatives, we will be able to understand and negotiate the market more adeptly, while our skilled technicians can offer fast and local service for our products. This will help lead the way to major expansion in China's burgeoning nuclear power industry, especially with regards to our popular tritium monitors. Our air and water monitoring products will also be fundamental as China pursues multi-billion dollar programs to tackle air and water pollution."
Furthermore, while in China, US Nuclear Corp. is scheduled to meet with the leading executives in the drone industry, including investors, suppliers, and distributors.
Mr. Goldstein added that "US Nuclear is the pioneer in chemical and radiation sniffing drones, so it will be an honor to meet the top players of the drone world in China."
Drones let us rise above our two dimensional world and really see what is going on. US Nuclear takes drones to a whole new level by incorporating chemical and radiation sniffing sensors to give vital, real time information to fire, police, rescue, and border security. US Nuclear's drones allow for unprecedented maneuverability while keeping personnel safe and out of danger. Other applications and industries that would benefit from these enhanced sensing drones also include oil/gas extraction and refining, utilities, pipelines, mining, and clean energy.
Drone usage around the world is soaring. For more details, please take a look at this inspiring Goldman Sachs report on the $100 billion drone industry:
http://www.goldmansachs.com/our-thinking/technology-driving-innovation/drones
Reacting to unruly behavior over the weekend at Skater's Point on the Santa Barbara waterfront, city officials have shut down the skateboard park until Friday.
Officials with the city Parks and Recreation Department said they took the action after some skaters at the park spent Sunday throwing water balloons at cars on Cabrillo Boulevard and passersby during the weekly Arts and Crafts Show, and became confrontational with city staff.
Skater's Point will be closed through Thursday to all users, except for scheduled programs such as skate camp, Parks and Recreation Director Nancy Rapp said.
It was closed at noon Tuesday and they had to head down to the park personally around 3:30 p.m.
“We keep having destruction of public property over there,” Rapp said. “Any signs we put up or anything else keeps getting destroyed.”
It was their decision to close the park, which they hope will get everyone's attention.
“It's just really unfortunate that the actions of a few have an impact for so many users,” Rapp said. “It's a very popular facility, and we recognize that and want it to be available for the community to use, but people have to behave appropriately.”
It's not the first time the park has been closed, and their staff wants it to be reopened with people “making decisions to behave appropriately,” they said.
“I field calls from frustrated parents and people in the community all the time about concerns over behaviors of some of the skateboarders at the skate park. We've long worked with the police department on some of the issues related to drug use and drug dealing there so that's something of a continual challenge.
“We just need people to use the facility in a responsible way.”
Skaters showed up throughout the day Tuesday to find the entrances boarded up, chains set down along the course and a park ranger watching to make sure no one hopped the fence.
Police officers were making regular visits as part of their patrols.
Park users were disappointed and angry, with some threatening to jump the fence as soon as any visible city staff left.
By late afternoon, that's exactly what was happening, and the closure order seemed fairly ineffective.
Shortly after 5 p.m., more than a dozen young men zipped around the park, seemingly using the chains set around the course as nothing more than additional obstacles for their jumps and tricks.
Lookouts were posted, and if a patrol car drove by on nearby Cabrillo Boulevard, an alert would be shouted and the skaters would scamper quickly out of the park.
Many of the skaters go to the park every day, especially during summer, and blamed the “stupid kids” who had been throwing water balloons over the weekend.
Passersby were surprised to see it closed as well, since it is such a hub of activity during the summer months.
“It's too bad,” one bicyclist said while passing. “It's another example of a few ruining it for the rest.”
A family passing by stopped to look at the empty park as well, and guessed that if kids were throwing water balloons at people on Stearns Wharf, the wharf would not have been closed down.
There have been increasingly inappropriate behaviors by some of the skate park users – including marijuana use – which reached a peak Sunday, police said.
Parks staff and rangers responded to the calls about water balloons and open use of marijuana, Sgt. Riley Harwood said.
Skate park users were confrontational and didn't comply with orders to stop and leave – they started throwing balloons and threats at park staff.
“What really caused the problem was the confrontational and aggressive behavior toward the staff and rangers,” they said.
Police were called and the behavior stopped, after which the park staff closed down the park for an hour. As a result of this, Rapp decided to close the park for most of this week.
Harwood isn't aware of any individuals being cited in any way for Sunday's events, but said anyone who goes into the park while it's closed will be cited by police, who drive by the area as part of their regular patrols.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
As they pass the season's half-way point, Liverpool have more goals and more points than they've ever had after 19 games in the Premier League. They've just come off a calendar year in which they scored more league goals than they have managed in any year since 1985. And yet, with Chelsea on a record-breaking run of 13 wins in a row, they are still six points off the top of the table.
To have played so well only to be so far behind could be felt as demoralising. But Jurgen Klopp has a gift for positive framing. “[Chelsea] won 13 games in a row. Not bad. Can you imagine how annoying it is when you win 13 games in a row and there is still one team only six points behind?”
Liverpool are giving the impression that they can keep the title race interesting for a little while yet. The win against Manchester City showcased some grittier qualities that have not often been apparent since Klopp took the job.
Klopp would claim afterwards that their team's game plan, which saw them defending deeper than usual, had been put together on the hoof in response to the changing conditions of the game. However, their decision to leave out Divock Origi in order to accommodate the strength of Emre Can in the centre of midfield suggested that they were thinking cautiously about this one from the outset.
Georginio Wijnaldum was named man of the match, their first such award of the season. It goes to show there's nothing like scoring goals for getting people's attention, because the recognition he's getting has been overdue for some time.
Continuity player
Liverpool supporters might have expected more than two league goals from Wijnaldum so far, given that they joined them after a season in which they scored 11 for Newcastle – but their game is not really about scoring goals. Instead they are a strong and intelligent continuity player, very difficult to knock off the ball, who is good at moving the ball quickly through midfield with first-time passes off either foot.
ADVERTISEMENT
Their goal was created by another two-footed player, Adam Lallana, who finished 2016 having been involved in more league goals than any other Premier League midfielder. It's a remarkable achievement for a player who, less than two years ago, was widely seen as a symbol of the mediocrity that had engulfed the club after the sale of Luis Suárez. Their soaring status illustrates the degree to which players' reputations are determined by the context in which they perform.
It would be insulting to Lallana to suggest that they are some kind of Klopp salvage job, but there is no doubt that the coach's system has allowed them to look much more effective. Klopp and Antonio Conte have both been rewarded for their confidence in players who were previously seen as problematic, marginal, or sub-standard.
Conte's big decision this season was to switch to a three-at-the-back system after Chelsea had lost successive matches against Liverpool and Arsenal. The big problem was that the squad contained no obvious candidate for the right wing-back position, and the transfer window had already closed.
Conte found the solution in the form of Victor Moses, who had never forced their way into the first-team picture at Chelsea, and who had spent the previous season on loan at Stoke, playing as a left-winger. It was a reinvention nobody saw coming.
Klopp was also confronted with a selection problem when it became apparent that their left-back, Alberto Moreno, had returned from the summer break as error-prone as ever. The successful solution has been to use James Milner at left-back, even though they had only ever played for Liverpool in midfield. Milner's history of versatility means this decision of Klopp's wasn't quite as left-field as Conte's transformation of Moses, but it showed a similar capacity to look beyond the obvious or easy answers.
Right role
Klopp has got excellent performances from players like Dejan Lovren, Roberto Firmino and Jordan Henderson, all of whom had their doubters in the past. They understand that players everyone thinks are mediocre can start to look rather good once you find the right role for them.
Brendan Rodgers never seemed quite sure what to do with Firmino; Klopp believes so much in their potential as a central attacker that Daniel Sturridge can't get in the team any more. Henderson has metamorphosed from a scurrying number eight under Rodgers to a strutting number six under Klopp. With Lovren, the secret might have been in finding a partner they could play with. Klopp decided that Martin Skrtel would never be that man, and sold one of the club's longest-serving players to Fenerbahce.
It's a similar story at Chelsea. David Luiz, regarded at the time of their arrival as a comical desperation signing the club only made after missing out on all their real targets, has emerged as the best defender in the league. Diego Costa, who was expected to leave the club after a 2015-16 campaign plagued by injury and indiscipline, is on course to win player of the year, unless they are beaten to it by Eden Hazard, who was MIA for most of last season.
Something that unites Klopp and Conte is that both of them, when they faced problems, could easily have shifted blame towards the administrators who had failed to provide them with the right tools to do their jobs. Instead they took a more positive outlook, and solved the problems by doing some actual coaching. Who knows – maybe this approach will catch on.
For more than two decades, a local nonprofit has been a silver lining to workers wanting to enter the South Coast's sky-high housing market.
The Coastal Housing Partnership was founded by a group of local employers who found it difficult to attract and retain talented and experienced employees because of the high area's housing costs. This year, the organization celebrates its 25th anniversary of helping South Coast families realize the dream of home ownership.
The Coastal Housing Partnership removes some of the obstacles to purchasing a home through its benefit programs and homebuying education services. Membership in Coastal Housing Partnership is open to employers of any size in Santa Barbara and Ventura counties so that they can provide their employees with a full-service housing benefit, including savings when purchasing a home, refinancing a mortgage or renting an apartment. The Coastal Housing Partnership now has a membership base of 50 local employers who collectively employ 35,000 workers.
“More than 7,000 employees have attended our homebuying seminars over the past 10 years, and Coastal Housing Partnership has helped more than 10,000 employees become homeowners since its inception,” said Corby Gage, who has served as executive director of the organization for 18 years.
Steve Amerikaner, an attorney with Brownstein Farber Hyatt Schreck, a member company since 1992 as Hatch & Parent, sat on the Coastal Housing Partnership in its early days. They said they joined the board because they felt at the time, and still feels, that long-distance commuting imposes unacceptably high financial and intangible costs on the commuter, their families, their workplaces, their communities and the environment.
“The recent focus on ‘sustainability' reflects the fact that public policy is beginning to understand the principle that CHP grasped 25 years ago,” Amerikaner said. “Since its founding, Coastal Housing Partnership has been steadily and faithfully pursuing its mission of helping to work men and women buy homes for their families on the South Coast.”
A network of real estate agents, lenders, home inspection firms, residential developers and landlords all offer substantial savings on their services to employees of Coastal Housing Partnership member companies regardless of position, income or whether the employee is a first-time homebuyer. All of these benefits are available at no cost to employee members.
— Jennifer Goddard is a publicist representing the Coastal Housing Partnership.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Sodium Carbonate Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Sodium Carbonate market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Tata Chemicals, Solvay, FMC Corporation, Nirma Limited, OCI Chemical Corporation, Ciech, Ciech, GHCL, DCW, Oriental Chemical Industries, Novacarb, Haohua Honghe Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Sodium Carbonate Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sodium-carbonate-market/10361/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Sodium Carbonate market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Sodium Carbonate market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Sodium Carbonate Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Sodium Carbonate. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Sodium Carbonate in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Sodium Carbonate Solid, Sodium Carbonate Solution.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Glass Industry, Water softener for Detergent, Na (Sodium) Chemicals, Food Use, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Sodium Carbonate Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sodium-carbonate-market/10361/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Sodium Carbonate new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Sodium Carbonate market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Sodium Carbonate industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Ben Hermans (BMC Racing) takes victory in an uphill finish at the Tour of Oman
- Alexander Kristoff (Katusha-Alpecin) lets overall lead slip
Ben Hermans (BMC Racing) won stage two of the Tour of Oman, proving the fastest in a tough uphill sprint ahead of Rui Costa (UAE Abu Dhabi) and Jakob Fuglsang (Astana).
The Belgian was the strongest rider left from a greatly diminished peloton after a tough day of racing in the Middle East, opening a gap to the rest of the field in the final metres to take the leader's jersey off the back of Alexander Kristoff (Katusha-Alpecin).
Hermans had been put in an excellent position going into the stage finale, as their BMC Racing team worked hard to close down a couple of late attacks, including one from Kristoff himself.
With those threats neutralised, the stage came down to a punishing uphill sprint, with Hermans powering clear to win by a couple of bike lengths as Costa edged out Fuglsang for second.
It was another fast start to stage two of the Tour of Oman with 51km covered in the first hour as the peloton was unwilling to let a breakaway gain a significant gap until more than 40km into the day.
When an escape finally went clear it consisted of Mark Christian (Aqua Blue Sport) and Preben Van Hecke (Sport Vlaanderen-Baloise) who established a large gap of eight minutes as the peloton relaxed behind.
But by the time the race reached the second climb of the day with 96km completed of the 145.5km stage the gap was below four minutes.
From there the catch was inevitable, with Christian the last man to be reeled in with 20km and one last climb to go.
>>> Watch: Tour of Oman stage one highlights
However the lumpy finale was attractive for counter-attackers, with Lasse Norman Hansen (Aqua Blue Sport) attacking in the final 10km, quickly being joined by Daniel Eaton (UnitedHealthcare) and building an advantage of 35 seconds with 6km to go.
Seeing their overall lead under threat, Alexander Kristoff led a short-lived chasing group off the front of the peloton, but all attackers were eventually caught to set up a mass charge on the uphill finish.
BMC Racing had lead the peloton through the final kilometres, and had plenty of options for the finish with Greg Van Avermaet, Jean-Pierre Drucker, and Ben Hermans in their line-up.
But it was Hermans who launched their sprint from the front of the peloton with 200m to go on the uphill finish to pull clear of Costa and Fuglsang with Dimension Data's Merhawi Kudus in fourth.
Provisional Result
Tour of Oman 2017, stage two: Nakhal to Al Bustan (145.5km)
1. Ben Hermans (Bel) BMC Racing, in 3-20-49
2. Rui Costa (Por) UAE Abu Dhabi, at same time
3. Jakob Fuglsang (Den) Astana, at same time
4. Merhawi Kudus (Eri), Dimension Data, at 4 secs
5. Nathan Haas (Aus) Dimension Data, at 7 secs
6. David de la Cruz (Esp) Quick-Step Floors, at 7 secs
7. Fabio Aru (Ita) Astana, at 7 secs
8. Janier Acevedo (Col) UnitedHealthcare, at 7 secs
9. Greg Van Avermaet (Bel) BMC Racing, at 7 secs
10. Romain Bardet (Fra) Ag2r La Mondiale, at 7 secs
General Classification after stage two
1. Ben Hermans (Bel) BMC Racing, in 7-07-08
2. Rui Costa (Por) UAE Abu Dhabi, at 4 secs
3. Jakob Fuglsang (Den) Astana, at 6 secs
4. Merhawi Kudus (Eri), Dimension Data, at 14 secs
5. Nathan Haas (Aus) Dimension Data, at 17 secs
6. David de la Cruz (Esp) Quick-Step Floors, at 17 secs
7. Fabio Aru (Ita) Astana, at 17 secs
8. Janier Acevedo (Col) UnitedHealthcare, at 17 secs
9. Greg Van Avermaet (Bel) BMC Racing, at 17 secs
10. Mathias Frank (Sui) Ag2r La Mondiale, at 17 secs
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Water Magnesium Powder Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Water Magnesium Powder market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Golcha Group, Magnesita, Xilolite, Hayashi-Kasei, Beihai Group, Liaoning Aihai Talc, Liaoning Aihai Talc, Guangxi Longguang Talc, Longsheng Huamei Talc, Guiguang Talc, Haicheng Xinda Mining, Haicheng Jinghua Mineral, Liaoning Qian They Talc, Laizhou Talc Industry. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Water Magnesium Powder Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-water-magnesium-powder-market/10358/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Water Magnesium Powder market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Water Magnesium Powder market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Water Magnesium Powder Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Water Magnesium Powder. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Water Magnesium Powder in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : 0.75, 0.9, 0.95.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Equipment Manufacturing Industry, Chemical Industry, Electronics Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Water Magnesium Powder Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-water-magnesium-powder-market/10358/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Water Magnesium Powder new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Water Magnesium Powder market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Water Magnesium Powder industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Real Madrid know the return of Robert Lewandowski to the Bayern Munich side would make what looks on paper a straightforward Champions League task a whole lot more complicated.
Madrid goes into the second leg of their quarter-final at the Bernabeu on Tuesday boasting a 2-1 lead from the away leg, leaving the Germans with a mountain to climb.
The visitors need to score at least twice to progress and, given no team has been able to stop Madrid from scoring this season and the fact Zinedine Zidane's men are averaging almost three goals a game this season, in all likelihood more than that. But the likely return of Lewandowski from the shoulder injury that ruled them out of the Allianz Arena clash makes such a scenario eminently possible.
The Poland striker, who has 15 goals in their last 11 club games, faced a fitness last night, but has already all but declared themselves fit.
“Lewandowski is a real number nine and a bonus for Bayern,” Madrid coach Zidane said at a press conference.
The striker trained with the team with no problems yesterday, saying afterwards that they were “fine”.
Bavaria manager Carlo Ancelotti does have concerns at the back, though, with Javi Martinez suspended following their red card in the first leg and Mats Hummels (ankle) and Jerome Boateng (thigh) facing late fitness tests.
The match comes five days before a Clasico that could go a long way to deciding the outcome of the Liga title race, with Madrid boasting a three- point lead over Barcelona, with a game in hand. But Zidane urged their team to spare no effort to seal their last-four spot in Europe.
“We will go out to win the game and we'll not gamble,” they said. “The first leg has already been played and we know the problems Bayern will create; they'll make it difficult until the referee blows for full time.”
Madrid will be without Gareth Bale with a calf problem picked up in the first leg.
FILE - Dallas Cowboys owner and general manager Jerry Jones looks at Dallas Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett as they tell a story during a press conference in Oxnard, Calif., on Sunday, July 23, 2017. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
FRISCO -- Jason Garrett clearly didn't have much to say about the new documentary coming out Friday that focuses on the Dallas Cowboys' 2017 season.
Viewers get to see a different side of the Cowboys head coach, one where they use the f-word quite often - about 10 times in the first of eight episodes.
"I really haven't seen it," Garrett said during a pre-draft news conference Tuesday at The Star. "I saw bits and pieces of it along the way. So, I don't really know that much about it to comment."
Vodafone, one of the world's largest mobile operators, and John Malone's Liberty Global are in talks about swapping parts of their telecoms and cable empires in Europe.
The negotiations are understood to be preliminary, according to people informed on the talks, but are likely to involve the two companies' holdings in the UK, Germany and other parts of Europe. Both companies declined to comment.
Liberty Global's New York-listed shares were up more than 3 per cent on the news.
Vittorio Colao, chief executive of Vodafone, has repeatedly talked up the prospects of a combination between the two groups, saying last year that two companies represented the only “serious” challenges to incumbent telecom operators like Deutsche Telekom and BT Group.
Vodafone owns wireless networks throughout Europe, including in the UK, Ireland, Italy and Germany.
Liberty, the US-based cable giant, owns Virgin Media cable group in the UK and Ireland, and UPC, a pan-European cable company, which has a large presence in key markets such as Germany.
Telecom companies are looking to bundle mobile and broadband services, with Vodafone's businesses complementing Liberty's strong fixed line operations across European markets.
Deal agreed
Vodafone and Liberty Global held talks about an asset swap in 2015 that were meant to pre-empt a full merger of the two businesses, but the negotiations failed. Subsequently, the two returned to the table and agreed a deal to combine their Dutch mobile and cable businesses.
Among the hurdles in 2015 were valuation, given that Liberty trades at a higher earnings multiple than Vodafone. Liberty also carries much higher debt than Vodafone, while there were regulatory risks given the overlap in the businesses in countries such as the UK and Germany
Since then, the two companies have been cleaning up their holdings in moves that sparked analysts to believe that they were ultimately moving closer to a future combination.
– Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
BUSINESS
It looks like Australians are more inclined to watch horse racing than other TV shows in springtime.
Citing the latest television audience statistics from OzTam, The Australian Financial Review reported that Tabcorp's Sky Racing coverage enjoyed high television ratings compared to other pay-TV shows for sports, news, lifestyle, and drama.
The research firm's figures showed that Sky Racing's average audience in the recent horse racing carnival, including the Melbourne Cup and Winx's big win in the Cox Plate, climbed 16 percent compared to last year's coverage.
The show's rating peaked at 48 percent during the Everest/Caulfield Guineas day on October 14, according to a Tabcorp spokesperson. On the other hand, the ratings agency noted slight audience declines across Foxtel's pay-TV service.
Tabcorp's rival Racing.com, which is a joint venture between Seven West Media (Seven) and Racing Victoria, also posted an audience increase during the carnival.
Data from Google Analytics and Telstra showed that Racing.com's average weekly users jumped 31 percent to 241,000.
Speaking of Racing.com, the website is now negotiating for the free-to-air rights to New South Wales and Victorian thoroughbred races. The coverage of the two races are currently being handled by Seven, in partnership with TVN network.
The rights to air the NSW and Victorian thoroughbred races are set to expire in February.
New Aussie ads trying to attract female audience
In other Australian gambling news, operators are now trying to attract female players through a new wave of advertisements that feature women.
The Sydney Morning Herald reported that recent gambling ads are now portraying women as the “protagonists” in the narrative rather than playing secondary characters “in a male's betting experience.”
The report cited the findings of Deakin University researchers, who concluded that “women are gambling on a more diverse range of gambling products” and that “younger women have more positive views toward gambling.”
While they spent less than a quarter of what male customers spend, the report noted that the number of female punters had grown in recent years.
Comments
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — Among the issues facing the Legislature and its Executive Board as the 2017 session begins this week is where one of its members lives and whether they may remain a member.
The Lincoln Journal Star reports that Omaha Sen. Ernie Chambers' opponent in the November election, John Sciara, filed a residency qualifications challenge with the Legislature shortly after the vote count showed Chambers' overwhelming victory.
Sciara says several people have told them that Chambers lives in Bellevue but has a residence in north Omaha that they use as a home address for residency so they may represent District 11.
Chambers says they have not falsified their residence and says they sent information to their fellow senators in November showing evidence that they live in north Omaha.
All contents © copyright 2016 Associated Press. All rights reserved
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The world's oldest marathon runner will be one of the honorary starters at the first-ever Birmingham International Marathon on Sunday, October 15.
Known as the ‘Turbaned Tornado', 106-year-old Fauja Singh BEM took up running when they were in their 80s after moving to London from Punjab in northern India.
Fauja shot to fame at the sprightly age of 89 when they completed a marathon in six hours and 54 minutes. This took 58 minutes off the previous world best in their age bracket.
In October 2011, Fauja became the first 100-year-old to complete a marathon when they crossed the finish line of the Toronto Waterfront Marathon in 8 hours and 11 minutes.
They were one of the torchbearers for the Athens Olympics in 2004, 2010 Commonwealth Games Baton Relay runner, and torchbearer for the London 2012 Olympic Games and in 2015 they were awarded a British Empire Medal in the New Year's Honours for services to sport and charity.
The running legend will be joined by another world-famous athlete at the Alexander Stadium start-line, Birmingham International Marathon ambassador Liz McColgan.
Scottish-born Liz is a two-time gold medallist over 10,000 metres at the Commonwealth Games and winner of the 1991 New York Marathon, 1992 Tokyo Marathon and 1996 London Marathon.
The appearances in Birmingham of Fauja Singh and Liz McColgan will help the city's ambition to host the Commonwealth Games after the Government last week officially endorsed Birmingham's bid to welcome the sports spectacular in 2022.
And to celebrate Fauja's visit to Birmingham, their family are aiming to enrol 106 children from schools in the city for the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham Junior and Mini Runs, which take place on Saturday, October 14, the day before the 26.2-mile run.
The Birmingham International Marathon reached capacity months ago, with its 9,000 individual entry places snapped by runners from across the world.
Starting at the Alexander Stadium, the marathon takes in city sights such as Selfridges, Edgbaston Stadium, Cannon Hill Park and Bournville.
Fauja said: “I feel privileged in being part of Birmingham's first International Marathon because it makes me feel as if I am still running myself.
“Although I felt I still had many running years left in me when my coach and family wisely made the decision to retire me from running, I am proud to be part of the diverse Birmingham community that has always shown me love whenever I visit this great city.
“I can already feel the positive energy of all the runners and their families too as they prepare to take on personal challenges as I used to before each race – I wish everyone the very best and can assure them that their elation after crossing the finishing line will be worth the months of effort they put into their training.”
The marathon takes place on the same day as the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham Run half marathon, which still has a limited amount of entry places available.
Entrants who sign up for this year's Simplyhealth Great Birmingham Run are offered a guaranteed entry window for the Birmingham International Marathon 2018 to make sure they do not miss out on what is already one of the country's top six 26.2-mile runs.
Harmander Singh, Fauja's running coach, added: “When I learnt that Fauja was going to be the starter for Birmingham's first International Marathon, as their coach I just had to enter the race myself.
“As the Club President of ‘Sikhs In The City' (Fauja Singh's running club) which, like Birmingham, is the most diverse running club in the country with members from nine different faiths, I wanted to lead the way for our club members and have ensured many from the club also take part.”
Sign up for the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham Run 2017 at https://www.greatrun.org/great-birmingham-run
Sign up for the Simplyhealth Junior and Mini Great Birmingham Runs at http://www.greatrun.org/great-birmingham-run/juniorandminibirmingham
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - Not so long ago in a galaxy not so far away, a piece of "Star Wars" history is up for grabs.
Hollywood Memorabilia is selling an original screen-used production piece of the Death Star on eBay to coincide with the recent release of "Solo: A Star Wars Story."
This rare portion of the Death Star model from the original 1977 "Star Wars" movie was created by visual effects artists who were hired by director George Lucas to bring the Empire's ultimate weapon to life for the film's climactic battle scenes.
"It has incredible detail throughout," eBay writes of the movie prop. "Every inch of the piece has complex modeling used to create the raised elevations and valleys of the Death Star."
The one-of-a-kind piece comes with two letters of authenticity from Industrial Light & Magic visual effects artists Lorne Peterson and Jonathan Erland.
It's being held at a South Florida location even more secretive than the Rebel Alliance's hidden base on (spoiler alert) the fourth moon of Yavin.
The auction began Thursday at a starting bid of $1,000 and was up to $10,800 as of Wednesday afternoon. One lucky winner will get to take this important piece of the "Star Wars" universe home when the bidding ends Sunday at 9 p.m.
May the Force be with you!
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:43 Take a look inside the historic Atascadero Printery building
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
Russian President Vladimir Putin, in a telephone call, discussed energy projects and the situation in Syria, with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, the Kremlin said in a statement on Monday.
The Kremlin said the conversation focused on "joint projects in the oil and gas, electricity and transport sectors", while some issues on the international agenda were also discussed, Reuters reported.
Rouhani attached special significance to ties between Iran and Russia. “Surely, relations and cooperation between Iran and Russia will be expanded during the 12th administration,” Rouhani said referring to their second term in office.
The Iranian president hailed bilateral trade ties as important, saying Iran welcomes Russian investment and partnership in its energy and industry sectors.
They also said both sides should accelerate the completion and implementation of economic projects and all agreements signed by Tehran and Moscow.
Putin said Russian merchants and investors are eager to enter Iran's market and get a share of the country's development projects.
They once again voiced their support for the Iran nuclear deal reached in 2015 with six world powers, warning that any violation of the landmark accord by the parties involved would be in breach of the UN resolution that was issued to endorse the deal.
In March, Rouhani said in a meeting with Putin at the Kremlin that the Islamic Republic and Russia have been working closely on fighting terrorism and promoting stability in the region.
They added that Tehran-Moscow ties would never be against the interests of any third country.
Rouhani said Iran attached importance to strengthening relations with Russia, adding that the two countries had taken steps to bring about positive developments in mutual ties over the past three and a half years.
The Iranian chief executive underlined that mutual relations had entered a new phase, noting, "In this new phase, we can speak about sustainable and long-term ties."
Rouhani hoped that the two sides would manage to take more steps to further deepen ties.
The Russian president, for their part, said Iran was a good neighbor and a stable and reliable partner for their country.
Putin added that Moscow and Tehran worked very effectively together in all areas, including on global issues and the resolution of major and very grave international problems.
They also commended major achievements made by the two countries in recent years, particularly in the economic sector, saying that trade between Iran and Russia increased 70 percent in 2016 compared to the figure for the year before.
During the visit, Iran and Russia signed 14 documents for the expansion of cooperation in various political, economic, judicial, legal, scientific and cultural fields.
The documents were signed by senior Iranian and Russian officials in a ceremony attended by Rouhani and Putin following their talks.
Meanwhile, Iranian and Russian economic entrepreneurs and businesspeople held several rounds of talks and signed agreements to boost cooperation between the private sectors of the two countries.
In a meeting with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Rouhani said mutual relations were 'growing' and stressed that relations would play an effective role in promoting regional and international stability and security.
Before the meeting, Rouhani and Putin had held eight meetings over the past four years. Tehran and Moscow enjoy strategic relations with senior delegations from the two countries regularly exchanging visits.
The two presidents have also held several phone conversations and discussed the available avenues for the continuation of bilateral cooperation on the crisis in Syria and the fight against international terrorism.
Alexander Maksimov, the honorary representative of the Russian Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Iran, said in early March that trade with the Islamic Republic had increased by a whopping 70 percent after the removal of sanctions against the country early last year.
Trade between the two countries, Maksimov said, had reached as high as $2.2 billion. Most of Russia's exports to Iran during in 2016 were mainly included machinery, equipment, transport, food and metals, added the official.
Iranian food exports to Russia constituted just $300 million of the trade balance, they underlined.
"We think the increase in trade is connected with the improvement in relations between our countries and the growing interest from Russian and Iranian businesspeople in joint commercial activities," Maksimov was quoted as saying by Sputnik news agency.
The Russian Chamber of Commerce and Industry is keen to increase cooperation and wants to see Iran undertake measures to further ease trade by relaxing its customs regulations.
San Francisco, CA – Friday, July 4, 2018 – Bestselling Author Beverly Kyer Hit #1 on Amazon with their book, “Surviving Compassion Fatigue: Help For Those Who Help Others,” which was re-released June 26, 2018, by Amazon.com – the nation's #1 place to buy books.
On its launch day, “Surviving Compassion Fatigue: Help For Those Who Help Others” climbed the Amazon Charts to reach #1 Bestseller status in SIX categories including Nursing, Work-Related Health, Mental Health Nursing, Community Care, Injury Prevention, and Nursing Home Care. Publisher, Elite Online Publishing, assisted in the re-release of the book.
About the Book
If you're a Human Service Provider, caregiver, or you work with at-risk populations such as child protective services or adult protective services, as a counselor, social worker, probation officer, medical or mental health professional, with the justice system and law enforcement, also emergency response, rescue and recovery teams, or in any of the dozens of helping professions, Surviving Compassion Fatigue: Help for Those Who Help Others is for you.
You will learn about one woman's physical and emotional descent due to years of self-neglect. You will also learn about their recovery as well as how to serve and care for others without forgetting to take care of yourself.
This book is full of practical wisdom and advice for those in the helping professions and caregivers. It tells Beverly's story, as well as the stories of others who have neglected their own self-care. But more than that, it educates those in the helping professions and in caregiver roles about the importance of strategies for consistent self-care.
Find out how you may be putting yourself at risk and learn skills, techniques and strategies to restore and maintain inner self-regulation, physical and emotional wellness and inner calm while still caring for those in need. You owe it to yourself.
About the Author
Beverly Kyer has a Master's Degree in Social Work and is a member of the Academy of Certified Social Workers. They have postgraduate certificates and over three decades of experience in the integrated approach to readjustment counseling therapist, post-traumatic stress disorder, social research for the mentally ill, and employee assistance program coordination. Beverly was also certified in Toronto Canada at the Traumatology Institute as a Compassion Fatigue Specialist. Beverly became a Clinical Social Worker specializing in pediatric oncology; PTSD in Vietnam Veterans, and Psychiatric Day Hospital Treatment. They spent much of their career with the Veterans Administration Veterans Outreach Center and Medical Center in The Bronx, New York City. Beverly also spent more than a decade as a direct care service provider in the foster care system. They also spent seven years as an urban high school counselor, providing emotional and psychological support for students and staff. Two episodes of heart failure led Beverly to make a major downshift in their life by resigning from full-time employment, joining the self-employed, and devoting their life to help others who work in highly stressful environments. Beverly lectures around the country on compassion fatigue, which is sometimes known as secondary or vicarious traumatic stress. Beverly has three grown children: two sons and an adopted daughter, and they live in Northern California in a quiet cul-de-sac near the delta. Oil painting, music, movies, and good books are among their passions.
Learn more about Beverly by clicking below:
www.beverlykyer.com
Follow Beverly on Facebook by clicking below:
https://www.facebook.com/authorbeverlykyer/
Music legend Thomas Mapfumo will be teaming up with young blood to deliver a night of hits in the United Kingdom in September.
Mapfumo will be joined on stage by Jah Prayzah, Sam Dondo, Mic Inity and King Alfred.
The concert is being hosted by Impala group Zimbabwe.
“Join us for The Greatest Hits concert, Saturday, September 22, 2018 hosted by the Impala Group Zimbabwe…Athena, Queen Street, LeicesterLE1 10D, United Kingdom. Music - Dj Sab Welly T,” Impala wrote on its Facebook Page.
The tickets for the concert will cost £40 and will be available online or through the Y2K Entertainment. Mapfumo recently performed in Zimbabwe in a historic return to their home country, after over a decade abroad.
The celebrated musician and the young multi-award- winning musician Jah Prayzah have shared the stage in foreign lands before, including South Africa in 2014.
It was the first time the two got a chance to do so since Jah Prayzah had launched their career in the
early 2000s at an event called Zimbabwe South Africa Music Alliance Festival which ran for three days.
The previous year, Mukanya had shared the stage with another young Zimbabwean artiste Enock “Nox” Guni in the United Kingdom where Mukanya launched an album World on Fire.
The Corruption and Mamvemve singer is now based in Oregon in the United States of America. They came back in Zimbabwe and performed at Glamis Arena in April this year for the first time in 14 years.
lack of drive by government to deal with piracy, which they said had destroyed the music industry.
This followed the leaking of their single Chauya Chauya which is still to be released. Daily News
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The boss of TSB has apologised for IT issues which left online customers unable to access their money and some able to see other people's accounts.
Paul Pester said they were "deeply sorry" for the problems as data and banking watchdogs confirmed they were looking into the situation.
Customers complained of problems with mobile and online accounts several hours after a system upgrade was supposed to have been completed on Sunday.
One customer said they had "access" to other customers' accounts totalling more than £20,000 and another reportedly discovered they had been credited with £13,000 after logging back in.
A number of customers complained that they were still unable to access their money on Monday morning.
Mr Pester said the systems had been taken offline again to enable further work and promised that no customers would be left "out of pocket" as a result of the problems.
The Information Commissioner's Office, which monitors data and privacy, said: "We are aware of a potential data breach in relation to TSB and are making inquiries."
Banking regulator the Financial Conduct Authority said: "We are aware of the issue and are liaising with the firm."
MPs demanded answers from the bank about the IT melt down.
Treasury Select Committee chairperson Nicky Morgan wrote to Mr Pester asking for details of the problems and the bank's response.
They said: "This is yet another addition to the litany of failures of banking IT systems.
"Potentially millions of customers could be affected by uncertainty and disruption.
"It simply isn't good enough to expose customers to IT failures, including delays in paying bills and an inability to access their own money.
"Warm words and platitudes will not suffice. TSB customers deserve to know what has happened, when normal services will resume, and how they can expect to be compensated."
TSB said a "tiny fraction" of customers saw accounts belonging to other customers and the issue was resolved in about 20 minutes.
The bank had told its account holders that some of its services, including online banking, making payments or transferring money, would not be possible over the weekend.
The upgrade window was scheduled between Friday at 4pm and Sunday at 6pm.
TSB's social media team faced a stream of complaints from customers, including several who said they could see other people's accounts after logging back in on Sunday evening.
Craig Malcom tweeted: "@TSB I currently have access to £20k+ of other peoples money.
"This is a MASSIVE breach of data protection! If i have access to their account they could have to mine as well!"
Another Twitter user called Bex said: "@TSB so go to my app and have someone else's accounts there!!!! Serious dpa (Data Protection Act) breach! Want to speak to someone now and a half an hour wait!! What would the FCA (Financial Conduct Authority) say about this!!! Might just inform them a bank is giving away other people's account numbers".
Laim McKenzie, from Paisley in Scotland, told the BBC they had been unexpectedly credited with thousands of pounds after logging back in after 6pm on Sunday.
"My balance, because of my overdraft, is in minus, but my balance was showing at £13,000," they said.
Now clients can order 3D sculptures without going to the studio.
Sculptarium is a new ThreeDee-You service that allows clients to order 3D sculptures with no need for the portrayed person to visit the studio, making surprise gifts much easier.
1. First step is taking photos of the head of the person who will be immortalized (instructions below); to make it a surprise gift, the purpose of the photos should not be revealed.
2. Photos are sent to Sculptarium, or taken personally to the studio, including at least one full-body photograph.
3. Sculptarium will prepare a selection of bodies from its extensive collection of real people bodies for customers to choose from.
4. Then comes the moment of deciding the scale at which the 3D sculpture will be produced, there are five scales to choose from.
5. Sculptarium will design a 3D model of the head using the photos as work basis and will apply it to the chosen body.
6. In about three weeks the 3D sculpture will be ready; it can be picked up at the studio or shipped to the customer's address.
How to take the photos
– front, profiles and rear, with the same expression, without glasses
– vertically, at the height of the subject's eyes
– physically move away and zoom in so that the head almost completely fills the frame
– use the flash, avoid direct lights that generate shadows
– if the hair conceals the face in the profiles two sets of photos should be taken, with loose hair and collected hair
Sculptarium
3D sculpture
from photographs
C/ Hortaleza, 9 – 3ºd
28004 Madrid
Spain
Tel: +34 915 218 440
E-mail: info@sculptarium.com
Website: www.sculptarium.com
Monday – Saturday: 10:00 – 21:00
Sunday + b. holidays: 12:00 – 21:00
Metro: Gran Vía, Chueca
Parking: Pl. Pedro Zerolo
The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Lagos State University (LASU) Chapter, had yet to fully comply with the indefinite strike declared by the national body on Monday, following a check on Monday evening.
Dr Isaac Oyewunmi, ASUU – LASU Chairman, said in Lagos in the early evening that the chapter received the information on the strike rather late.
Oyewunmi said the executive members of the chapter would meet later on Monday, while a congress would be summoned for Wednesday, to officially declare the strike in the university.
“The strike has begun as directed by the ASUU national body because it is not optional, but we just want to tidy up one or two things before complying fully.
“Be assured that by Wednesday after our congress, the chapter will comply 100 per cent as directed and it will be total, comprehensive and indefinite,'' they said.
Oyewunmi said the chapter was also using Monday and Tuesday to do the needful and notify the university management of the strike, as expected.
Meanwhile, activities in the campus were normal, just as the ASUU strike coincided with a lecture-free week for students, due to the ongoing LASU Students Union week.
ASUU declared a total, comprehensive and indefinite nationwide strike after the association consulted with members at an emergency National Executive Council (NEC) meeting held in Abuja on Aug. 12.
The National President of the union, Dr Biodun Ogunyemi, said that during the strike, there shall be no teaching, no examination and no attendance of statutory meetings of any kind in any of the union's branches across the country.
They said the strike was premised, among other issues, on the non-implementation of the Federal Government/ASUU agreement of 2009.
NAN
September 14-17, 2018— The European Summit, dubbed as ‘The Ultimate Networking Conference', will be gathering affiliates, advertisers, media buyers, and publishers will come together once again for yet another enriching and extraordinary networking experience at The European Summit (TES). Dubbed as ‘The Ultimate Networking Conference', The European Summit will take place at the exquisite Vienna House Diplomat Hotel in the breathtaking city of Prague, Czech Republic.
This year's TES promises the best possible lineup of hand-picked speakers who will share their extensive knowledge and expertise in the latest marketing and technology trends. As one of the leading B2B conferences for professionals and business owners,the event serves as an opportunity for big-time industries like online entertainment, e-commerce, dating, gaming, forex, health, and nutraceuticals to expand their affiliate network as a way of nurturing their interpersonal and professional connections, as well asgetting their brand more known to a wider audience.
The said massive networking conference is expecting an estimate of around 1,400 to 1,600 delegates to attend. Aside from seminars, attendees can expect scrumptious meals, leisurely sports and activities, luxurious sponsor lounges, as well as an abundance of expert-to-expert panels and product presentations.
To learn more about the upcoming 2018 European Summit, send an email to andreas@theeuropeansummit.com or visit their website at https://www.theeuropeansummit.com
At least 175 people have died and thousands have fled their homes as monsoon floods swept across Nepal, India and Bangladesh, officials said Monday, warning the toll could rise as the extent of the damage becomes clear.
Three days of relentless downpours sparked flash floods and landslides that have killed at least 80 people in Nepal, 73 across northern and eastern India and 22 in Bangladesh, AFP reported.
Around 200,000 people are living in emergency camps in Assam in northeast India, which suffers frequent flooding during the annual monsoon rains.
Another 15,000 have had to leave their homes in the eastern state of Bihar, which borders Nepal and where one official said seven rivers were at danger levels.
Huge swathes of the state were submerged in 2008 when a river burst its banks across the border in Nepal, with the two countries trading blame for the disaster.
All trains to the northeast have been suspended until Wednesday, with sections of the track completely submerged in water, Indian railway spokesperson Anil Saxena told AFP.
In Nepal, police said over 48,000 homes have been totally submerged by the floods.
As emergency workers struggled to reach far-flung areas, the country's home ministry said another 36 people were missing, presumed dead, revising down an earlier count after more bodies were found.
The Nepal Red Cross warned that shortages of safe drinking water and food could create a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished Himalayan country.
"In many parts of the country there is a scarcity of safe drinking water creating a high risk of health hazards," spokesperson Dibya Raj Poudel told AFP.
"Several villages and settlements are unreachable. Telecommunications, mobile phones are still not working so it is difficult to give a full assessment."
In India, emergency workers were scouring the area hit by a massive landslide that swept two passenger buses into a deep gorge on Sunday, killing at least 46 people in the mountainous northern state of Himachal Pradesh.
In the neighboring state of Uttarakhand – which also borders Nepal – three people were killed in a landslide late Sunday triggered by heavy rains, local police official Ajay Joshi told AFP.
- Bangladesh deploys troops -
Bangladesh deployed troops to shore up embankments in the north of the country, where flooding has killed 22 people.
Local government administrator Kazi Hasan Ahmed told AFP up to 700,000 people had been marooned by flood waters after rivers burst their banks following days of heavy rain.
The government's Flood Forecasting and Warning Centre warned that water levels in some major rivers would continue to rise over the next 72 hours, raising fears the flooding could spread.
In Nepal, the worst of the flooding was in the southern lowlands known as the Terai, the country's most fertile region and home to much of its agriculture.
Nearly 150 people have been killed in Nepal since the beginning of the rainy season in late June.
The rains are now expected to shift westwards and authorities in Nepal have begun evacuating 74,000 people from a vulnerable western district.
Hundreds have died in torrential rain, floods and landslides in neighboring India during the monsoon, which hits the country's southern tip in early June and sweeps across the nation, lasting into September.
An unprecedented deal between the Canadian federal government and Houston-based Kinder Morgan to expand the Trans Mountain Pipeline poses grave risks for the critically endangered southern-resident killer- whale population, and drew a stiff rebuke from Washington's governor, who called the pipeline “profoundly damaging.”
The expansion, planned to bring bitumen oil from Alberta to the West Coast for sale to Asian markets, would increase by seven times the oil-tanker traffic in the transboundary waters between Washington and Canada, prime orca habitat.
That would ramp up noise levels underwater that already are interfering with the whales' foraging time for scarce chinook salmon. The whales have not managed a successful pregnancy in two years, in part because they are starving.
The increase in traffic through tricky navigation channels by tankers also puts the J, K and L pods at risk of extinction in the event of an oil spill. The pipeline twins an existing line built in 1953 for more than 600 miles and will nearly triple capacity for the Trans Mountain to 890,000 barrels of bitumen oil per day.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Bitumen is one of the most energy-intensive oils to produce, and carbon-polluting to burn. Mixed with chemicals to make it flow, it sinks in water and defies conventional cleanup methods.
On Tuesday, Canada's federal government agreed to buy the pipeline system and expansion project for $4.5 billion Canadian and to work with the board of Kinder Morgan to seek a third-party buyer for the project.
The government also will pay to resume planning and construction work this summer by guaranteeing all costs under a separate line of credit guaranteed by Canada.
It has been undisputed for years that the pipeline expansion would make both noise and the threat of a spill worse for orcas.
In its assessment of the project, Canada's National Energy Board stated in its approval in May 2016 that the pipeline expansion “would likely result in significant adverse effects to the Southern resident killer whale.”
The energy board recommended approval anyway. The board also said the project would set back recovery efforts for the population of fish-eating whales unique to Puget Sound and would undermine cultural values of First Nations and tribes in the United States that regard the whale as family.
Washington Gov. Jay Inslee was given no courtesy call before the announcement of the plan to rev up construction of the pipeline this summer, spokesperson Tara Lee said. Inslee vehemently voiced their disagreement.
“Now is not the time to increase our chances of a marine oil spill, nor is it the time to hinder our efforts to protect our already endangered orcas,” Inslee wrote in a statement to The Seattle Times. “The effects of increased noise pollution from oil tanker traffic is significant. Noise is one of the reasons the southern resident orca population is at a 30-year low. When large tankers cruise over the waves, the sound blankets the undersea world for miles, drowning out a whale's ability to use echolocation clicks to find food and communicate with other whales. This is a moment for protecting orcas and combating climate change. The proposed pipeline expansion would take us backward in profoundly damaging ways. It does not have the support of Washington state.”
Inslee has just created a task force charged with restoring the southern-resident killer-whale population, dwindled to only 76 animals.
“The proposed pipeline expansion project would undermine efforts to protect our communities and economy from the risk of oil spills, fight climate change, and save the orca population,” Inslee said in a prepared statement. “I have expressed my concerns about this project repeatedly and I believe this is the wrong direction for our region.”
Opposition remains strong beyond Washington, with 22 British Columbia municipalities and 150 First Nations registering opposition, 14 legal challenges in the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal, and ongoing public protests.
More than 250,000 people have signed a petition against the project, with an additional 24,000 pledging to “do whatever it takes to stop the project.” More than 200 people, including several members of Parliament and First Nations leaders, have been arrested.
The deal, set to close in August or in the fourth quarter of the year, does not displace the lawsuits, which include a challenge by the B.C. government to the permits for the project and challenges by First Nations because the pipeline would cross their lands without their consent.
Kinder Morgan in its statement Tuesday said the backing of the Canadian government ensures the project will be built. “We are pleased to reach agreement on a transaction that benefits the people of Canada, Trans Mountain Expansion Project shippers and Kinder Morgan Limited shareholders,” said KML Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steve Kean.
“The outcome we have reached represents the best opportunity to complete the Trans Mountain Expansion Project and thereby realize the great national economic benefits promised.”
Opponents warned that the costs will be far higher and that the project will haunt the liberal Trudeau government, which has backed the project in hopes of higher prices overseas for Canadian oil than in the U.S. market, plus tax revenue on those sales.
However, indigenous leaders warned Tuesday the fight is just getting started.
“The answer is still no,” said Will George, Tsleil-Waututh member and spokesperson for the Coast Salish Watch House, a spiritual gathering place and de facto headquarters for the opposition. “The cost they did not calculate in their $4.5 billion purchase is that indigenous front lines will stop this pipeline. The Watch House will continue to stand in the way of pipeline development.”
The Tsleil-Waututh, or People of the Inlet, have opposed the project since its inception and on Tuesday vowed that outrage at the federal decision would spur direct action against the project.
“The fight is far from over, and now that Justin Trudeau has turned the Canadian government into a fossil-fuel company, it's crystal clear who we are up against,” said Aurore Fauret, Canadian tar-sands campaign coordinator for 350.org, which opposes fossil-fuel projects.
In addition to Inslee, 79 elected leaders from around the region, including King County Executive Dow Constantine and 29 Washington state legislators, last week sent a letter to B.C. Premier John Horgan in solidarity with their government's opposition to the project.
Even Al Gore weighed in Tuesday, tweeting, “Fossil fuels are subsidized 38x more than renewables globally. Now the Canadian government wants to spend billions more of taxpayer dollars to increase its country's contribution to the climate crisis. This is not in the public interest. We must keep fighting to #StopKM.”
For the orcas, the Salish Sea already has become a hostile place they visit with increasing rarity. In a new paper published by the San Juan Island-based Orca Behavior Institute in the journal Pacific Conservation Biology, research documented what longtime Pacific Northwest residents already know: The whales are spending less time here.
Peak whale-watching season in the Salish Sea for the southern residents used to be April through September. Twenty years ago it was typical to see the southern residents frolicking and feeding in the Salish Sea every day in May. This year, no whales have been seen locally since April 7.
MIAMI (AP) — Forecasters say Gert has strengthened to become the second hurricane of the season in the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center says Gert was about 445 miles (720 kilometers) west of Bermuda late Monday and had maximum sustained winds of 75 mph (120 kph). The storm was moving north at 8 mph (13 kph).
Hurricane #Gert Advisory 9: Gert Becomes the Second Hurricane of the 2017 Season. https://t.co/VqHn0uj6EM — NHC Atlantic Ops (@NHC_Atlantic) August 15, 2017
Gert is expected to strengthen in the next 48 hours. The forecast calls for it to turn toward the northeast and increase its forward speed Tuesday night.
Swells generated by Gert will begin to affect portions of Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast — from North Carolina to New York — over the next couple of days.
#Gert becomes a hurricane as of 11 pm advisory. Should stay away from all land masses. pic.twitter.com/8IFVdHtqYd — 7 Weather (@7Weather) August 15, 2017
No coastal watches or warnings are in effect, but the hurricane center says these swells are likely to cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) of Santa Barbara County has named Chantel Braley its volunteer advocate supervisor. Braley's previous work with local nonprofits and passion for helping their community make them a valuable addition to the CASA team.
They come to CASA with a background in social justice and knowledge of the Santa Barbara County community. They earned their bachelor's degree from Smith College with a double major in religion and Jewish studies.
While working as the volunteer coordinator and events specialist for Jewish Family Service in Santa Barbara, they assisted with a program that matched at-risk youth with Holocaust survivors as their mentors.
A Santa Barbara local, Braley said they are eager to assure every child in need has a CASA volunteer.
In their position as advocate supervisor, Braley will work alongside associate director Aaron Pankratz, where they will support and supervise CASA volunteers in their role as child advocates.
“Chantel's experience and enthusiasm for CASA will help motivate our current advocates so we may better serve every child,” said Pankratz.
“CASA is important to me because I know firsthand how terrifying, traumatic, and turbulent it can be for children who are in abusive environments,” Braley said.
“I'm honored to be able to assist CASA volunteers as they advocate for our community's most vulnerable children,” they said.
Braley will be supervising some 35 volunteers advocating for 45 children in the foster care system.
“As CASA of Santa Barbara County grows so that we can serve every child in our county who has experienced abuse or neglect, adding Chantel to our team ensures that we meet that goal," said Kim Colby Davis, executive director.
"With their energy and enthusiasm for their new role, I am confident that they will support our volunteers through the process of advocating for the most vulnerable children in our community, enabling them to be fierce advocates," Davis said.
"I hope that volunteers who have worked with Chantel in the past will be excited to join our team. CASA volunteers and supporters are always needed,” Davis said.
— Kira Farrell for CASA.
Video
It's a battle between Boston and Philadelphia.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte targeted FA Cup glory after their Chelsea side dug deep to beat Leicester 2-1 after extra-time on Sunday.
The Blues will play Southampton in next month's semi-final after substitute Pedro netted the decisive goal.
Chelsea won the Premier League last term, but were beaten by Arsenal in the FA Cup final to deny Conte the double in their first season in charge.
They refuse to underestimate Southampton, but is keen to lift a trophy which proved elusive last season.
“Every game is very difficult, it will be very difficult against Southampton,” Conte said.
“Last season it was a pity to lose the final, (not) to celebrate the double with the players.
“This season our target is to try to reach the final again. We want to change the final result.”
Striker Alvaro Morata ended a 13-game scoreless streak with their first since Boxing Day before Jamie Vardy equalised in the second half to force extra-time.
And Conte praised the character of their players, and Morata, at the end of a week which saw the Blues eliminated from the Champions League by Barcelona.
“We must be pleased for the character we showed in this game against a really good team,” Conte added. “After a game in the Champions League it wasn't easy for us to play 120 minutes in this way.
“We fought a lot against Leicester. We showed great desire, great will. For Alvaro it was very important to score. I'm very pleased with their performance.
“He played a very good game, they showed great character, they showed to be stronger. I think this goal will be very important for the future for us.”
Foxes boss Claude Puel felt their side deserved more.
Leicester complained at the end to referee Craig Pawson, apparently upset at perceived time-wasting by Chelsea and the lack of additional time.
Puel said: “It's a big disappointment. We played very well against a good team. It's harsh for my squad because they gave their best.”
Pedro out-jumped Ben Chilwell and Marc Albrighton to score a goal goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel might have prevented had they not come off theirs line.
“We cannot blame Kasper for the second goal. He's been fantastic since the beginning, and made fantastic saves in the game,” Puel added.
This story is about
Workers convert the arena after a Dallas Stars hockey game in preparation for an NBA basketball game between the Dallas Mavericks and the Orlando Magic at American Airlines Center on Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Editor's note: This story was originally published on February 11, 2017.
The Stars and Mavericks both played...and won...in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Saturday night.
If you've ever wondered what it takes to transform the floor from ice to hardwood, Dallas Morning News photographer Smiley Pool has you covered. Here is a timelapse video of the entire process.
1:50 SLO County poet laureate Jeanie Greensfelder reads 'At Sweet Springs Preserve' Pause
1:15 Hiking Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve
0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities
1:46 Discovery SLO's vision: Bowling alley, concerts, food and more — all in one spot
2:02 How Grizzly Run Club helps students build emotional strength, confidence
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle at the Piedras Blancas rookery
1:11 Wet winter brings wildflower 'super bloom' to the California desert
1:23 At Georgia Brown Elementary in Paso Robles, students learn in English and Spanish
1:54 TSA releases video on what to expect during airport pat-downs in wake of controversy
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Striker Cameron Jerome is ready to make their first start for Derby County if called on, says manager Gary Rowett.
Jerome has been building their fitness since their £1.5m move from Norwich City in the January transfer window.
They have appeared as a substitute in the last two matches - playing 14 minutes against Bristol City and 17 minutes against Millwall.
David Nugent and Sam Winnall have alternated as the frontman in recent matches, but Jerome is pushing to line up against Brentford at Pride Park Stadium today.
Asked if Jerome is ready to start, Rowett said: "He is in a position to start. They have got minutes under their belt in terms of coming off the bench, and also training minutes.
"I think they said themselves that Norwich work in a way that they train for long periods, but may be not at the sort of intensity we train at.
"Every manager has a different philosophy on that, there is no right and wrong.
"So, Cameron found the first few sessions a bit of an eye-opener for him."
Jerome, Nugent and Winnall are vying for the striker role.
Rowett added: "What is nice for us is we have got three very good options.
"What we will find, and hopefully not to the detriment of the team, is we will flick between all three of those options.
"We will look at which striker is going to affect which game. They are all aware of that scenario."
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WSVN) — Regal Cinemas has announced the return of their Summer Movie Express tradition for 2017.
As a part of the event, Regal Cinemas will be screening family films on Tuesday and Wednesday mornings at 10 a.m. for only $1.
Theaters in both Broward and Miami-Dade will be participating in the event, which runs until Wednesday, Aug. 9.
Films being screened over the summer include “Kung Fu Panda 3,” “The LEGO Batman Movie,” “Sing” and more.
According to the Regal Entertainment Group, a portion of each ticket will go to assist the Will Rogers Institute, which promotes healthy living and works to fund research of cardiopulmonary diseases.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Hi! We notice you're using an ad blocker. Please consider whitelisting Autoblog.
We get it. Ads can be annoying. But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone. And free is good, right? If you'd be so kind as to whitelist our site, we promise to keep bringing you great content. Thanks for that. And thanks for reading Autoblog.
Whitelist Us!
The Charge d'Affaires ad interim of Japan to Nepal, Shinya Machida, signed a grant contract to provide medical equipment to the Laborer Women and Child Welfare Council (LWCWC). The equipment will be installed in the Valley Health Center, located in Bhaktapur District.
The grant contract was signed between the Embassy of Japan and Mrs. Ranju Napit, Chairperson of the Health Center.
The Project for the Installation of Medical Equipment at the Community Health Center in Bhaktapur District is funded under the Grant Assistance for Grassroots Human Security Projects (GGP) of the Japanese Government. The grant assistance amounts to USD 82,514 (approximately NPR 8.5 million).
According to a press release issued by Embassy of Japan, the project will support the installation of cutting-edge equipment such as an ECG machine, hematology analyzer, a mobile X-ray machine, ultrasound machine, etc. for use in diagnosis.
The Valley Health Center, located in Byasi (Bhaktapur) has been offering medical services, mainly to women and children, free of charge since its establishment in 2008.
The health center offers free diagnosis, free delivery assistance in rural areas, and basic medicines, and focuses on maternal and child health. In addition, the doctors and nurses of the center regularly visit the surrounding communities to provide counselling and to raise awareness on basic health.
According to a staff member at the center, young women in rural areas still tend to hesitate about going to hospital for diagnosis due to medical costs. “Many people tend to think of going to a hospital only when they are very sick and consider regular check-ups a waste of money”, said Mrs. Napit, Chairman of the Valley Health Center.
The medical equipment which will be provided under the grant scheme can assist the center to offer a wider range of services, including accurate check-ups, diagnosis and prenatal care.
The Embassy of Japan hopes that this project will contribute towards enhancing the center's medical services provided to women and children in the suburbs of Kathmandu.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
2:33 Cheers and jeers: Pro wrestling match at The Graduate is a slamming good time
1:23 Crews install steel mesh along Hwy. 41 to prevent future rockslides
1:26 Here's how Caltrans is shoring up Hwy. 41 hillsides after the rockslide
1:02 Marijuana could find a home in this Grover Beach zone
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
Are you looking for a new sport? Have you always been interested in Roller Derby, but needed more information?
The Lakeland Ladykillers Roller Derby League is hosting two open houses – Tuesday, April 25 and Thursday, April 27 at the Cold Lake Golf and Winter Club at 4 Wing Cold Lake. The open houses will run from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m.
“This is a great opportunity to come and meet members of the league and find out more about the sport,” said league president, Tracy Wasylow. “Our current members will be on hand to demonstrate the game, the equipment and answer any questions anyone has. We will also have loaner gear on hand in case anyone wants to get rolling right away.”
The open houses are in preparation for the upcoming season and fresh meat (rookie player) intake.
Check out the league's Facebook page for some insight on becoming a Ladykiller - https://www.facebook.com/lakelandladykillers/.
Check out our event page for more information on the open houses - https://www.facebook.com/events/444948485881804/
FILE - In this March 2, 2018, file photo, Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter, center right, stands on the mound after relieving starting pitcher Dylan Bundy in the third inning of a spring training baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates, in Sarasota, Fla. Even in spring training, when wins and losses are meaningless, managers are always hunting for significant matchups. That's especially true along the Gulf Coast, where four AL East rivals train within about two hours of each other. John Minchillo, File AP Photo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Work on an £85,000 scheme to improve traffic flow at two Great Barr road junctions will start later this month.
The traffic signals and control boxes at the Scott Arms junction and the junction of the A34 Birmingham Road and Chapel Lane are being upgraded so they can be wirelessly controlled.
Work will start on the Scott Arms junction on Saturday, October 21 and should be completed by Wednesday, October 25.
During the work, the junction will be controlled by temporary traffic lights and lane closures.
Lane closures will be restricted to off peak times during weekdays while the work is being done.
(Image: Google)
Work will then start at the Chapel Lane junction on Wednesday, October 25 and should be completed by Saturday, October 29. Temporary signals will also be in use.
Sandwell Council's cabinet member for highways and environment, Councillor David Hosell, said: “Everyone knows these are busy junctions and whatever we can do to improve congestion here is going to benefit a lot of drivers.
“This work will mean we can remotely control the lights when there is a crash or breakdown, or if traffic is heavy for another reason.
“There may be some queues during the work but the long-term benefits will outweigh any temporary inconvenience.
“We've organised this work to happen over weekends and during half-term when there tends to be less traffic on the roads.
“I'd ask drivers to bear with us while we do this vital work.”
The scheme is being funded by the National Productivity Investment Fund and is part of a £272,000 pot to install wireless controls at busy junctions.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Isaac Vassell is a ‘gamble worth taking' according to the manager who today gave them their big-money move from Luton Town.
Harry Redknapp has taken the 23-year-old from League Two to the Championship and backed the striker to be a success.
Blues are short on options up front with Che Adams joining Lukas Jutkiewicz on the injury list so Vassell will go straight into the squad for tomorrow's clash with Bolton Wanderers.
“We think he's got a good future,” said Redknapp.
“But hopefully they can come in and have an impact sooner rather than later.
“We've got injuries up front so he's in the squad for tomorrow.
“Let's hope they come here and gets up and running very quickly.”
Asked whether they can make the step-up, Redknapp said: “It's always a risk when you take a lad from a lower league.
“There's always got to be a bit of a risk but it's a gamble we felt was worth taking.”
Vassell, who is the cousin of ex-Villa striker, Darius, started their career at Plymouth before dropping down into the Conference South to line up for Truro City.
They earned their move to Luton last summer and smashed in 16 goals including two on the opening day of this season before today's move to the Midlands.
Obvious comparisons with Jamie Vardy have been drawn given their rise through the leagues.
But Redknapp knows he's got a lot to do to match the Leicester City and England striker's recent achievements.
“If they can be as good as Jamie Vardy then great!
“Jamie is great, he's come out of the non-league and done so well. They will give hope to all the other players that come through that route.
“In years gone by the non-league was a conveyor belt for the top players - the likes of Ian Wright, Les Ferdinand, Stuart Pearce, etc.
“So many fantastic players come out of non-league football.
“It's been more difficult of late but I'm sure there are loads of talented players down there. “
As for Isaac, he's been playing at Luton so there's no reason why they can't make the step-up quickly.
“He's quick, strong, has a great attitude and is a smashing lad."
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa captain John Terry says they still have the 'appetite' to play football.
Terry, 37, is out of contract this summer and Villa are hoping to persuade them to play on.
Steve Bruce and director of football Steve Round enjoy close relationships with the former Chelsea and England captain and are understood to have been encouraged by conversations over a new deal.
Speaking for the first time about their future, Terry told talkSPORT: "I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me. They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field.
"It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed. I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
"I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me, and the fans as well have been excellent.
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"The travelling support is incredible. We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
More Villa news
Christian Benteke was placed on Aston Villa's scouting database by Alex McLeish, BirminghamLive can reveal.
Paul Lambert signed the Belgian striker in 2012 for £6million from Genk - but it was actually their fellow Scot McLeish who identified Benteke.
Benteke, who now plies their trade for Crystal Palace after their £30m switch to Liverpool backfired, spent three years at Villa Park and scored the goals to preserve their top flight status under Lambert and, latterly, Tim Sherwood.
But it wasn't Lambert or scout Paddy Riley who pinpointed Benteke as a potential target. McLeish marked them out as one to watch shortly after they made the ill-fated move across the Second City from Birmingham City.
McLeish, now manager of Scotland, was bemused to arrive at Villa and discover the club hadn't implemented a scouting database to keep tabs on targets from across the globe.
Benteke, who scored 49 goals in 101 appearances in claret and blue, was put forward to McLeish by scout Arthur Numan.
Numan watched Benteke regularly whilst they were playing for Genk - a club McLeish would later manage - and thought Villa could grab themselves a bargain.
McLeish's appointment at Villa Park came at a time when owner Randy Lerner was reining in the spending. Previous managers Martin O'Neill and Gerard Houllier had been backed heavily in the transfer market and Lerner demanded cuts were made.
McLeish was asked to reduce the wage bill and decided to expand Villa's scouting horizons in the hope of snaring a few gems.
The decision to include Benteke's name on the database they installed and ensure Numan and other scouts continued to watch the 6ft 4in frontman was key in the club's decision to sign him.
Papiss Cisse, who eventually joined Newcastle United and fired them to a fifth-placed finish, was another player on the database, as was Gylfi Sigurdsson.
BRINGING CUSTOMER'S AT EASE WITH CUSTOM PACKAGING
iCustomBoxes ready to Capture the Market with Valentine Special Discount
ICB all set to utilize comprehensive approach in designing special custom gift boxes this valentine to offer discount benefit up to 60%
Custom gift boxes has never been more exciting before the announcement of this super exciting valentine day sale.
Since traditional events and cultural festivals has been taking place all over the world, we are super excited to offer huge discount benefit this valentine day to all the people round here who understands the power of gifting when it comes to expressing love and affection towards the dearest ones. This valentine day, icustomboxes.com is all set to opt some latest yet effective techniques for the production, printing as well as coloring of customized gift boxes. The specialized production team is ready to work on dynamic digital printing in order to ship the product completely in accordance with the requirement of the customers.
The adaption of advanced manufacturing and printing techniques will assist the company in maximizing its customer base that will further help in achieving the goal set for the sales. Since, our experts are working towards producing creative digital printed packaging solution for the industries, now all the valuable customers can get a solution in accordance with their desire. The utilization of comprehensive approaches assist us in achieving economies of scale, further ensuring the enhanced production capacity.
Icustomboxes.com with all the pride offers up to 60% discount on all custom printed packaging boxes on this valentines day. Be it a presentation box or a gift box, these features durability, portability and more than everything is the flexibility. From understanding the nature of the product to designing it via opting the latest techniques, following the comprehensive approach in the production has proved to be fruitful. In order to ensure all queries are dealt on timely-basis, our sales representative are available to serve you 24/7. With all the efforts and adaption of the latest production techniques, we have been successful in achieving the quality our customers demand. For gaining maximum loyalty of the customers, we are proudly contributing our part towards corporate social responsibility via use of 100% biodegradable material in the production.
This valentine day, don't miss the booming opportunity we are to offer. Request a free custom printed packaging box sample.
CEO of icustomboxes.com understands where the world is moving and therefore the increasing customer desire for the packaging solutions. From a plain customized cosmetic box to an elegantly- designed presentation box, all the efforts and advanced techniques are being adapted by the structural designer along with the experienced graphic designer. Choose the exclusive finishing option to deal with the sales of your product!
If you would like more information about this topic, please contact Jeff Parker at +1-800-347-2197 or email at support@icustomboxes.com.
Visit Our Site:
https://www.icustomboxes.com
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Ski Wax Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Swix, Maplus, Dominator, Start Ski Wax, Burton, Fast Wax, Holmenkol, Hertel Wax, Maxiglide Products, Darent Wax, Datamax, Rex, ONE-BALL, Purl Wax, ZumWax, Nanox Ski Wax, Broadside Down Wax.
The report begins with introducing the global Ski Wax market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Ski Wax report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-ski-wax-market/5934/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Ski Wax Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Glide Ski Wax, Grip Ski Wax.
Ski Wax Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Skis, Snowboards.
Key points in the Ski Wax Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-ski-wax-market/5934/#inquiry
From all of this Ski Wax market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Ski Wax market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Ski Wax distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LAUDERHILL (CBSMiami) — James Walker, 78, stepped through the pieces of their life, a scattered mess of personal papers and photographs left behind after they and their wife were evicted from their home of more than 25 years on Thursday.
The eviction came even as Walker was at the courthouse, in a last ditch effort to stave off foreclosure.
“He called me and I told him, ‘I want you to wait because my wife is in there.'  They are in the bed. They went in there and they got my wife out of the bed,” Walker said of the eviction crew.
Their wife, 80-year-old Susan Walker, a wheelchair-bound invalid, was hospitalized after the stress of the eviction. Times were good when they were a school bus driver and James drove a truck, but in retirement, their income plummeted to a pittance. They didn't pay their mortgage for well over a year. James said the foreclosure process was confusing and the mortgage company didn't help.
“They never came out, never sent anybody out here personally to talk to me about anything,” Walker said.
The Walkers' daughter managed to get some of their furniture in storage, but not until after it got rained on after being tossed at the edge of the road way.  They are sleeping on a neighbors couch, for the moment, but next week?
“I'm trying to get some help. I would appreciate whatever assistance I can get because I need to get this situation straightened out,” Walker said.
James rode their bicycle Friday to see their wife in the hospital. They will be back to retrieve the family Bible, among items left on the front stoop.
The Ocwen mortgage servicing company, which handled the Walker's loan, issued a statement Friday saying in part, “we made attempts to find a solution for their situation, including exploring various loss mitigation options” but were unable to reach a mutual agreement.
The company says it has amended 740,000 distressed mortgages and taken billions of dollars in losses in order to keep families in their homes.
Anyone who would like to help the Walkers, financially or through other efforts, can do so at www.neighbors4neighbors.org or by calling Neighbors4Neighbors at: (305) 597-4404.
Bruno Mars and Cardi B are capitalizing on success from their collaboration and bringing it to the people.
After scoring the three biggest prizes at the Grammys this year, Bruno announced yesterday that he's up for another round of shows.
What if I told you I wanna do one more U.S tour so we could celebrate 24k Magic together one last time….. — Bruno Mars (@BrunoMars) February 2, 2018
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
A Bruno Mars show is always a good time, but just a few moments later, they hit us with the news that Cardi B would be joining him!
Bruno had such a great time performing with Cardi at the Grammys that they had to bring them along. Their collaboration on the Finesse remix has been a huge hit, and fans are loving the 90s aesthetic. As such, it was only right that their short tour be sponsored by Cross Colours.
Bruno and Cardi will be dripping finesse all over the U.S. and Canada for 12 shows. Check out a full list of their stops below!
The Finale. 🍾🥂 #24kmagicworldtour A post shared by Bruno Mars (@brunomars) on Feb 2, 2018 at 2:56pm PST
RELATED STORIES:
Bruno Mars Wins Big: 2018 Grammy Awards
Cardi B & Bruno Mars Pay Homage To ‘In Living Color' With The 90s Inspired ‘Finesse' Video
Not Today! Woman Accuses Bruno Mars Of Cultural Appropriation & Black Twitter Shuts Them Down
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
The post-sanctions era has stimulated Iran's car industry and boosted the production capacity of domestic manufacturers, said the head of the First Congress of Financial Management on Auto Industry.
Hamid Dianatpey also told Iran Daily that Iranian carmakers had to use only 38 percent of their nominal capacity in 2013 “while the removal of sanctions has changed the course”.
Iran and the P5+1 — the United States, France, Britain, Russia, China and Germany — finalized the text of a nuclear agreement known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) in Vienna, Austria, on July 14, 2015.
Under the agreement, limits are put on Iran's nuclear activities in exchange for, among other things, the removal of all nuclear-related economic and financial bans against Iran.
The implementation of the nuclear accord began in January 2016.
Dianatpey said major international automakers are interested in joint ventures with their Iranian counterparts. “If negotiations between domestic and international carmakers bear fruit, the country's auto industry could be overhauled.”
Some of the major automakers halted cooperation with Iran in the wake of tough sanctions imposed on Iran in 2012. However, the implementation of the JCPOA pushed carmakers to either resume or boost bilateral cooperation.
Dianatpey noted that Iran accounts for manufacturing 1.2 percent of the world's total car production, saying the country has the potential to boost its output.
They said the disregard for research and development projects has hindered efforts to boost Iran's automotive sector.
"Domestic carmakers only spend between one and three percent on research and development projects, which is not satisfactory. If automakers attach importance to such projects, they can produce new cars and promote the country's industry," they said.
Dianatpey also said privatization can reinvigorate Iran's auto industry and help it "stand on its own feet".
Two companies account for the overwhelming majority of car sales in Iran: Iran Khodro Company (IKCO) and Saipa.
The companies which rely on government funds are blamed for being reluctant to promote the country's automotive industry.
Dianatpey said the First Congress of Financial Management on Auto Industry will be held on January 10 in the capital Tehran.
They noted that strategies to direct financial resources to the auto industry, and optimum use of such resources will be discussed in the one-day congress.
Dianatpey said bank managers and automakers will attend the congress to help boost cooperation between the banking system and the automotive sector.
They added that Iranian Minister of Industry, Mine and Trade Mohammadreza Nematzadeh, a senior lawmaker, and a top manager of Japan's Toyota will also take part in the congress.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The concept of being "fit but fat" is a myth, researchers have said.
The comments come after a new study found that even if people have healthy blood pressure, blood sugar and cholesterol levels, being overweight or obese still carries a higher risk of coronary heart disease, experts found.
Researchers, led by experts at Imperial College London and the University of Cambridge, examined data from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition study of half a million people.
Over more than 12 years of follow up, 7,637 participants across eight European countries suffered coronary heart disease incidents including heart attacks.
The researchers examined participants' body mass index (BMI) and whether they were metabolically "healthy" or "unhealthy" - people were classed as unhealthy if they had three or more of a number of metabolic markers, including; high blood pressure, high blood sugar, low levels of HDL cholesterol or an "elevated" waist circumference.
After adjusting for a number of factors, the researchers found that compared to the healthy normal weight group, those classed as unhealthy had more than double the risk of coronary heart disease whether they were normal weight, overweight or obese.
And even overweight and obese people who were deemed "healthy" by their metabolic markers carried a higher risk.
When compared to those who are of a healthy weight, being classed as healthy but overweight carries a 26% increased risk of coronary heart disease and being obese carries a 28% increased risk, according to the new study published in European Heart Journal.
Lead author Dr Camille Lassale said: "Our findings suggest that if a patient is overweight or obese, all efforts should be made to help them get back to a healthy weight, regardless of other factors.
"Even if their blood pressure, blood sugar and cholesterol appear within the normal range, excess weight is still a risk factor.
"Overall, our findings challenge the concept of the 'healthy obese'. The research shows that those overweight individuals who appear to be otherwise healthy are still at increased risk of heart disease."
Dr Ioanna Tzoulaki, from Imperial's School of Public Health, added: "I think there is no longer this concept of healthy obese.
"If anything, our study shows that people with excess weight who might be classed as 'healthy' haven't yet developed an unhealthy metabolic profile. That comes later in the timeline, then they have an event, such as a heart attack."
Commenting on the study Professor Metin Avkiran, associate medical director at the British Heart Foundation which part-funded the research, said: "Coronary heart disease - the cause of heart attacks and angina - is the UK's single biggest killer. But there are steps you can take to lower your risk.
"The take-home message here is that maintaining a healthy body weight is a key step towards maintaining a healthy heart."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Coronary heart disease occurs when the coronary arteries become narrowed by a gradual build-up of fatty material.
The main symptoms of coronary heart disease include angina, heart attacks and heart failure.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House says President Donald Trump has called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan (REH'-jehp TY'-ihp UR'-doh-wahn) to congratulate them on their country's referendum expanding presidential powers.
The call comes despite concerns from international monitors and opposition parties about numerous voting irregularities. They include an electoral board decision to accept ballots that did not bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law.
The White House says Trump and Erdoğan also discussed Trump's decision to bomb a Syrian regime airfield in response to a chemical weapons attack that killed dozens. Trump thanked Erdoğan for supporting the action.
Critics argue the reforms in Turkey will hand extensive power to a man with an increasingly autocratic bent and leave few checks and balances in place.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
PARKLAND (CBSMiami) – An arrest has been made at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
The brother of confessed school shooter Nikolas Cruz was taken into custody Monday afternoon.
18-year-old Zachary Cruz was arrested at 4:30 p.m. for trespassing at Stoneman Douglas.
The arrest report states that Cruz received “prior warnings by school officials to refrain from entering the school campus.”
Cruz was riding their skateboard around the school campus.
They indicated they wanted to be on campus to “reflect on the school shooting and soak it in,” per the arrest report.
Cruz's bond was set at $25.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United want Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann this summer.
According to reports, the France international's potential move to Barcelona may now be in doubt.
Don Balon says, due to discussions that have taken place in the last 48 hours, the potential move to the Nou Camp is in doubt.
Griezmann's close advisors have warned them over moving to the Catalan giants.
Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez are seemingly against the deal, according to Don Balon.
The 27-year-old has been the subject of intense transfer speculation all season.
The star spearheaded Atleti's Europa League Final victory last week.
Griezmann bagged a brace in Lyon as Atleti beat Marseille 3-0.
They contributed 29 goals and 13 assists to Atletico this season.
Griezmann has a release clause of around £87.5million.
“Griezmann today confirmed what they have been doing year by year,” Simeone said after the game.
"He was decisive in the most important moment in the game.
“I hope that they are happy to play for us. He's played three finals with us and won two.
"Now we are in the UEFA Super Cup, so they could play four finals with us.
"So on a sporting level we aren't so far from the clubs that have more power than us.”
Simeone claimed he'll be happy whether Griezmann stays or leaves.
“It's a decision that they will have to come to," they added.
"Whatever they decide I'll be happy because they have given us their life."
Jennifer Lopez and Drake rang in 2017 at their Las Vegas show on Saturday.
The Jenny From the Block star supported Drake at their New Year's Eve show at the Hakkasan nightclub after they both enjoyed dinner with a large group of friends, according to Usmagazine.com, further fuelling romance reports.
“Jennifer watched and had the best time at Drake's show,” a source said, while another added the 47-year-old was wearing a “sexy ivory-coloured cutout dress for the club” after switching out of the plunging red velvet dress they wore at dinner, held at the Hakkasan restaurant.
Cherney Amhara, a reporter from FOX5 Las Vegas shared a video of Lopez dancing to Drake's set and tweeted, “More from #Drake's performance at #Hakkasan, that lady dancing at Drake's table looks familiar... #Jennyfromtheblock.”
Eagled-eyed fans have also claimed the singer was wearing Drake's long gold necklace, which they have worn on many occasions, in a photo taken at dinner.
The singer was scheduled to host a New Year's Eve show at nightclub E11EVEN Miami in Florida, but they pulled out before Christmas citing “personal and family time” and was replaced by rapper Nicki Minaj.
Lopez, who split from dancer beau Casper Smart in August, fuelled romance rumours with the One Dance rapper when they shared a picture of themselves cuddling up on a couch with Drake on Instagram last week. A day later they reportedly shared a kiss while being crowned king and queen of a “prom” party in Los Angeles.
They were first linked at the start of December after the 30-year-old attended two of Lopez's Las Vegas concerts back-to-back and hosted an intimate party they attended.
Iran and India clinched an agreement to trade a range of goods, bitumen in particular, on the mercantile exchanges of both countries.
Institutions monitoring the capital markets in Iran and India have signed an agreement on trading goods on the two countries' mercantile exchanges, ifpnews.com reported.
The contract will make it possible to purchase and sell commodities such as bitumen on the mercantile exchanges of Iran and Indian.
Under the deal, Iran's bitumen will be sold through a protocol on both countries' mercantile exchanges. Moreover, the export of bitumen will be put on the agenda as well.
Bitumen is one of the strategic goods which are important for India to buy from Iran.
The agreement will enable Indian buyers to purchase bitumen on the mercantile exchange.
Among other advantages of the deal is that it cuts out the middleman on the bitumen market and makes it possible for both countries to play a more transparent and active role in determining the price and quality of the product.
Deputy Director of Iran's Securities and Exchange Organization Bahador Bijani said the recent agreement will be a key step toward promoting the objectives and joint ventures between the two countries' mercantile exchanges.
"Given that India buys a large part of Iran's bitumen, with the signature of the deal by the institutions monitoring the capital markets in Iran and India, we will play a more effective role in determining the price and added value of the product," they said.
Senior officials from Iran's mercantile exchange attended a conference on bitumen in India recently. They discussed the details of mutual cooperation in the meetings they had. It was decided that the exchanges design a platform based on which bitumen could be traded directly and the middleman cut out while the quality is not affected.
Market Overview:
Pasta needs no introduction, winning hearts across the world it has quiescently slid in to people's life. And has already acquired a special place on the shelves of household stores & grocery stores alike. An Italian cuisine once; jumping across the borders & seas, Pasta has actually become a staple food for many. Especially in India Pasta is vigorously trending and loved & preferred to an extent. This poses India as one of the biggest market for the product.
It's just not the flavorful &exotic taste of Pasta that attracts people; but also to convince of storing & preparation it offers. Not taking much of time to get cooked it gives freedom to add various ingredients to suit palatals promising a delicious taste every time. Today's fast life is making people to curtail upon many time consuming activities including cooking. And Pasta, offers cost & time effective cooking solution. This becomes the key reason for its augmented uptake worldwide making its market ever increasing.
Gauging & evaluating the potential of Pasta market to upsurge in the years to come, Market Research Future has recently published a study report asserting that the global Pasta Market will accrue USD 32.78 Billion by 2023, registering a CAGR of 5.85% during the period of 2017 to 2023. Surging demand for the convenience foods coupled with the consumer acceptance & preference is reasoning this exclusive growth.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2428
Additionally, manufacturers are enhancing food's nutritional value through fortification which is also meeting new target consumer groups focused on healthy foods. Pasta fortified with vitamins, calcium, minerals and Beta carotene in its natural form are growing in demand. Also growing population in developing countries, hectic lifestyles, rising number of working women along with the drive for minimal cooking labour are some of the major drivers encouraging the growth of the global Pasta market.
Other factors such as growing urbanization, changing lifestyles, low product cost, wide variety of flavours and flexibility according to regional taste also help to maintain an unfailing demand for the product worldwide. These factors will support the market growth.
Competitive Analysis:
The market appears to be highly competitive owing to the presence of numerous well-established players having international and global presence. These players are heavily investing to enhance the quality and global expansion. Marketers identify the need for world-class Pasta making and invest accordingly in state-of-the-art facilities to meet the consumers' expectations.
Industry/Innovation/Related News:
January 18, 2018 – Farmer's Fridge (US) a leading provider of convenience & ready to eat food out of vending machines, announced addition of two grain-based bowls named as ‘Southwest quinoa bowl'. The bowl offers choices of Pesto pasta, rotini pasta, and a nut-free basil pesto, made with white hominy, tri-color quinoa, black beans, corn, tomato, sharp cheddar cheese, pickled red onions, green onions and avocado crema. A one-stop packet for whole day's nutritional need. The company has also partnered with a technology company to take excess (unsold) food and deliver it to non-profits helping them to develop an algorithm that reduces waste.
December 07, 2017 – Barilla (Italy) a leading global pasta company that invented prototype of 3D pasta printer (2016). Since then the company hosts a competition to create innovative new pastas for their 3D pasta printer. The company along with Desall (an innovation design platform open for all creative people worldwide) announcing Winners of Second 3D Printed Pasta Competition
Market Segmentation:
For the convenience of the report and enhanced understanding; the report segmented in to 6 key dynamics.
By Main Ingredients: Comprises Wheat, Rice, Maize, Chickpea and others.
By Functionality: Organic, Gluten-Free and Vegan.
By Distribution Channel : Non-Store Based and Store Based.
By Form: Dried and Fresh.
By Type: Spaghetti, Penne, Fettuccine and others.
By Regions: North America, Europe, APAC and Rest of the World.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/pasta-market-2428
Regional Analysis:
Europe region retaining its dominance will register a CAGR of 5.72% during the review period.
Whereas, Asia Pacific region emerging as the fastest growing market for pasta is expected to register 6.22 % of CAGR attributing to the pervasive growth in the countries like India, China, Japan and ASEAN countries. Growing demand for ready to eat food products especially in China and India will support the market growth during the review period. Similarly, the high consumption of processed and convenience food products in growing economies of Asia-Pacific supports the regional market growth.
Latin American countries, offer ample expansion opportunities for major players owing to the great demand for the fast food & convenience food products.
Actress Cynthia Nixon, who won a 2004 Emmy award for playing single lawyer Miranda Hobbes in HBO's “Sex and the City,” is reaching for a new role. They plan to challenge New York Governor Andrew Cuomo in a Democratic primary election this year.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
Nixon, 51, announced their candidacy on Monday in a news release and video highlighting their family, which includes their wife and two children. A lifelong New Yorker, they are a friend of Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has been feuding with Cuomo for about four years. For more than 10 years, they have been pushing for more city and state spending on public schools and for gender equality and gay rights.
“We want our government to work again, on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway,” they said in the video. “We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us.”
Nixon has been an actor since they were 12 years old. They attended New York City public schools and is a graduate of Barnard College in northern Manhattan at Columbia University.
Rozner: Blackhawks' season on the brink once again
hello
Chicago Blackhawks goalie Corey Crawford (50) skates to the bench as Nashville Predators players celebrate after Predators left wing Kevin Fiala scored the winning goal during overtime in Game 3 in Nashville, Tenn. The Predators won 3-2 to take a 3-0 lead in the series. Associated Press
Before this series began, Jonathan Toews was bragging about the Chicago Blackhawks' ability to come back from deficits in games or series that would frighten most teams.
"The experience really kicks in when we're in tough spots," Toews said. "We don't hit the panic button. We stay with the plan and when teams see that you don't panic, I think it can be intimidating."
Well, the Predators must really be intimidated now.
Nashville came back from down 2-0 in the third period of Game 3 to tie it, and then won it in overtime early Tuesday morning and the Hawks' season now feels very much over as they face a Game 4 in Nashville on Thursday night.
But, hey, at least the Hawks scored. So, ya know, that's something.
For two games the only intimidation came from Nashville, which was beating the Hawks in every way.
And while there will be much conversation about the Preds' tying goal late in the third period, the reality is Nashville has been the faster, tougher and better team for all three games.
The Preds completely dominated overtime and the entire 16:44 felt like only a matter of time before the home team won the game, took a 3-0 series and put the top seed in the Western Conference on the brink of elimination in the first round for the second straight season.
Not since the 2011 first-round loss to Vancouver have the Hawks lost to a team that played faster and had more skill than the Hawks, so this has been a bit of wake-up call for a team that's made a habit of falling behind in series without fear of being able to make up serious ground.
The Hawks went down 3-0 to the Canucks before winning the next three and then losing in overtime of Game 7 in Vancouver.
That was six years ago and Corey Crawford, Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane, Marian Hossa, Brent Seabrook, Niklas Hjalmarsson and Duncan Keith were a lot younger then with perhaps more fight in them.
The Hawks did show some fight Monday night, managing to escape the first period tied, which felt like a victory for a team seeking some confidence.
That's odd to consider and even stranger to write about a squad sitting on three Stanley Cups.
Nashville carried the second half of the first period and continued to look like the much better team, but Crawford kept the game scoreless, and then the Hawks finally solved Pekka Rinne.
With Richard Panik skating on the third line, their strong effort resulted in a dive and poke to Marcus Kruger behind the Preds' net, where Kruger dished nicely to Dennis Rasmussen and they shot it past Rinne for the Hawks' first goal of the series 65 seconds into the second period.
After Nashville defenseman Ryan Ellis shot it out of the rink 10 minutes later, Kane scored through traffic on the power play and the Hawks were up 2-0 halfway through the second.
From there, the Hawks seemed to take a deep breath and remember that they're a pretty good hockey team.
They dominated the rest of the middle stanza and, in particular, their defensemen started handling the puck with more certainty than they had the first seven periods of the series.
Their sticks were active and they were consistently denying the Preds good scoring chances, but the forwards were also getting back to help, and that's entirely a function of effort, something the Hawks could not boast after the first two games.
When Nick Schmaltz was denied on a breakaway that would have put the Hawks up 3-0 in the third, there was a feeling that Nashville had been revived.
The Preds had another bounce go their way 4:24 into the third when a shot hit high off the glass behind Crawford and the Hawks stopped playing, thinking the puck had gone into the netting, but the puck bounced right out in front and Filip Forsberg shoveled it in to cut the Hawks' lead to 2-1.
The Hawks had several chances to increase their lead, but having failed to do so, Forsberg scored again with 5:52 left in regulation and the game was tied at 2-2.
Crawford was interfered with on the play, but the coach's challenge was denied, and the goal stood as called on the ice.
There's no question the goaltender was bumped, but they were just outside the blue paint and that's probably why the Hawks didn't get the call.
But the harsh reality is Nashville looks young and fast, while the Hawks look old and slow.
And done for the year.
brozner@dailyherald.com
• Listen to Barry Rozner from 9 a.m. to noon Sundays on the Score's "Hit and Run" show at WSCR 670-AM.
The musician and multimedia artist has created an immersive experience designed to make people aware of their implicit biases. It's called "The Institute Presents: NEUROSOCIETY."
Read the full story at KQED.
A chara, – Frank McNally's Irishman's Diary (February 2nd) set me to reminiscing. In this part of East Galway the tradition is that if the gráinneog (hedgehog) peers out of its winter quarters on Candlemas Day and finds the day to be sunny it will return to hibernation as fine weather has returned too early.
The accompanying rhyme is as follows, “Candlemas Day bright and clear, we'll have two winters in this year”. – Yours, etc,
GERRY LAWLESS,
Ballinasloe,
Co Galway.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In MMA, there are fighters who've got all the potential in the world, but continually fail to put the pieces together. My heart breaks each time they steal a round from a canny vet, only to be force-fed a diet of dirt and canvas dust in the second. A slip or two on the way to the top is expected, but after a while, you begin to worry that they'll never break through. EA's UFC series is starting to feel like one of those fighters.
EA UFC 3 is certainly better than the first two attempts. In the octagon, revamped striking feels fluid and powerful, with blood and sweat flying as fighters lithely slip punches and deliver cracking counters. Outside of it, career mode is more streamlined and fewer barebones than it's ever been, following your custom fighter's climb from the pits of no-name UFC wannabe promotions all the way up to being recognized as the greatest UFC champion of all time. There's a smattering of other modes too, including Ultimate Team, a cornerstone of other EA Sports series like Madden, NBA Live, and FIFA in which you build a dream team of each sport's finest.
Advertisement
But none of these features ever feel like they're reaching their true potential. The game throws out ideas in furious flurries, but fails to land that ever-elusive knockout blow. I've had a decent enough time with it over the past week, but none of it's been particularly memorable.
Let's start with the combat. Striking feels like no other game I've ever played, a dance of distance, timing, and calculated risk-taking that rewards the sorts of tactics you often see employed in the real UFC. Wanna be an aggressive pressure fighter à la Justin Gaethje? Pour points into power, stamina, grappling, and kicks, and go for it. Wanna be more of a counter-puncher, like Conor McGregor or Jose Aldo? That's doable too. Or you can be a slick kicker Edson Barboza or a flashy kicker like Anthony Pettis. You can fight from a distance, in the pocket, against the cage—wherever you're most comfortable, if you've got the distance-management skills to pull it off. You can play as and fight against all of those fighters, too, and they move and behave strikingly similarly to their real-life counterparts.
Sometimes it's the punches you pull that count the most, and I can't think of another game that's captured that aspect of fighting so well.
This is a game where individual hits mean something. Throwing and eating blows saps stamina from individual body parts as well as a main meter, and a single solid shot to a winded fighter can put their butt on the canvas. There's a delicate balance to it all. If you land a big shot and wobble your opponent, you've got a window of opportunity to put them away for good and spare yourself the grueling later rounds of the fight. But if you go nuts trying to score a big KO, you might just punch yourself out, leaving your fighter's stamina bar in bad shape for the remainder of the fight. Even so, there's nothing quite so satisfying as the moments when both fighters just go for it, slipping each other's punches and kicks by a hair's breadth and fighting until they're exhausted puddles.
It's responsive, too. For me, somebody who's trained pretty extensively in actual MMA striking, the ability to fake and feint blows—pulling them at the last possible second so as to draw out your opponent's sloppy counters—is just great. Sometimes it's the punches you pull that count the most, and I can't think of another game that's captured that aspect of fighting so well. The AI reacts believably, too, falling for your well-planned tactical traps instead of simply rattling off counter-counters with robotic efficiency.
I'm less enthused about what happens when fights head to the ground, as they often do in real-life MMA. For one, you can score an improbable number of knockdowns on your opponent in a single round, and they often spring right back up as though they landed on an Olympics-grade trampoline. In a real UFC fight, three or more knockdowns in a round is an irregular occurrence, symptomatic of wild and woolly wars where one fighter is hanging on for dear life. In EA UFC 3, it happens more frequently, with fighters recovering in just a handful of seconds. It's a trade-off that makes back-and-forth battles more likely to occur, but it also strains credulity and sucks the drama out of fights.
Advertisement
Grappling and submissions are EA UFC 3's Achilles heel. Unlike striking, which like the real thing is fast, fluid, and responsive, grappling feels sludgy and awkward, forcing you to hold analog sticks in certain directions to advance position. Unlike actual grappling, which is a cerebral game of creative movement and misdirection, EA UFC 3 represents it as a series of rigid positions with only a small amount of room for improvisation. I appreciate that the game has a large variety of takedowns and accurately models transitions between positions like full guard, half guard, and full mount. There's an intoxicating sense of power to methodically slicing through somebody's guard en route to even a simple submission like an arm bar. I also dig that, like in real fighting, you can use the threat of takedowns to disrupt an opponent's striking rhythm. But grappling itself is a fiddly process lacking rhythm or flow. It is, at best, functional, far from the sublimity of striking.
Submissions, meanwhile, use a frustrating system where holds are both applied and denied via a pop-up menu broken up into a series of quadrants. One fighter advances through multiple stages of a submission while the other tries to slip out by filling one quadrant entirely. This takes time. The fighter applying the submission can reset the defender's progress simply by pushing for a moment in the quadrant the defender is actively pushing in. It gives an advantage to the fighter applying the submission, to the point that getting a submission slapped on you can be a death sentence, especially against AI. It's also such an abstraction of submission fighting that it feels more like Simon Says than jiu jitsu.
Career Mode similarly falls just short of the mark. It's got a smart structure where you go through training camps en route to higher-profile fights, replacing EA UFC 2's annoying training minigames. But as it lacks personality. Having now transformed my custom character into the greatest fighter of all time, I can say that I did come to enjoy some of training's more rote aspects. The grind of balancing fight training and promotion develops into a satisfying routine, even if happens almost entirely in a series of menus.
I never felt like there was any real heat between me and my arch-nemeses.
It's kinda soulless, yeah, but it leaves room for imagination. At the start of every training camp, I'd hold a fan meet-and-greet at a crappy wings restaurant, and that felt truer to the spirit of my character (“Eldest Diaz,” fictional half-brother of MMA fighters Nick and Nate) than anything else in the entire game. As I progressed through camps, The Eldest Diaz became notably better. They gained heaps of speed and stamina and learned fun moves like a devastating overhand right, slicing lead elbows, and of course the trademark Diaz brother Stockton Slap. They overcame unexpected curveballs like injuries and short-notice fights. My efforts in training paid off in the octagon, and I felt like the proud coach and father of a 50-year-old man with a tattoo of a rabbit leaping over two hungry foxes on their stomach.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Career mode's much-vaunted rivalry system, however, never really amounted to much. The majority of a rivalry occurs within—wait for it—a series of menus, and it mostly just consists of passive-aggressive fake tweets from a fighter who dislikes you more than other fighters for no adequately explained reason. It was fun advancing through the ranks to the point that my rivals were real UFC fighters instead of pink-haired randos that the game dreamed up, but I never felt like there was any real heat between me and my arch-nemeses. Brief, generic cut-scenes at press conferences and events of the like only made me further lament rivalries' wasted potential.
It all comes off as contrived, a too-safe attempt at replicating the nonstop drama that's come to characterize the modern UFC. Baseless, one-size-fits-all animosity doesn't make for a good storyline. In real life and in game, not everybody can (or should) be Conor McGregor.
Advertisement
EA UFC 3's other big mode, Ultimate Team, dispenses with the ongoing narrative to focus on building up a squad of four fighters. In other EA Sports games, this mode makes more sense, given that football, basketball, and other football are team sports. But while fighters do often train together in camps, MMA is a solo sport once the cage door closes. The focus of EA UFC 3's Ultimate Team, then, isn't really on creating a perfectly oiled dream team. Instead, fighters function as blank slates that you can slap unlockable moves and perks onto. You accomplish this by earning points through online and offline matches, as well as a series of challenges, and then you spend points on packs that contain fighters, moves, perks, and other boosts. This being an EA game, you can also buy points via microtransactions. I never really felt like I needed to spend money, but the randomness of the pack system meant that I never felt fully satisfied with my fighters, either.
Video GamesMultiplatform EA UFC 3 Video GamesMultiplatform EA UFC 3 EA UFC 3 Back of the Box Quote "It's alllllllll over" Type of Game Underwear fighter Liked Striking feels amazing, tons of modes, career mode is much improved Disliked Submissions still leave a lot to be desired, modes don't have much staying power Developer EA Canada Platforms PlayStation 4, Xbox One Release Date February 2 Played Around 25 hours mostly split between career mode and Ultimate Team, in addition to a smattering of other modes
The bigger issue with Ultimate Team is that EA UFC 3's take on it lacks the intrinsic appeal of crafting a dream team. After a handful of hours, there's not much of an impetus to carry on opening packs and hoping you'll get a cool move. Career mode's progression is more natural and less random, and if you want to play online with other players, you can do so on a more even playing field in online quick fights or ranked championships.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Speaking of other modes, EA UFC 3 has them in spades, but they're mostly offline distractions, rather than substantial follow-ups to career and Ultimate Team's main courses. If you hate fighting on the ground, there's the unfortunately named Stand And Bang mode. If you despise punching and think grappling is a mark of a more civilized society, you'll dig Submission Showdown. There's also Knockout Mode, which creates an interesting challenge by requiring you to KO opponents with a certain number of strikes while suffering through commentary from Snoop Dogg.
EA UFC 3 is closer to nailing this whole UFC video game thing than the comparatively thin EA UFC 2, but while this one has plenty of meat on its bones, it lacks connective tissue. In fight parlance, it's a solid mid-tier fighter, a gatekeeper to the top rather than a championship-caliber contender. In short, EA UFC 3 is the Uriah Hall of video games—by most measures a success, but every once in a while you ponder what could've been, and you feel a little sad.
Most adolescents with ADHD have indifferent attitudes toward medication
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Results showed that 83% of study participants had an indifferent attitude toward their ADHD medication, and 61% reported to be nonadherent.
Most adolescents taking medication for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) report that they are indifferent toward their medication and frequently skip doses, according to data published in the Journal of Adolescent Health.
Richelle Kosse, MSc, of the Division of Pharmacoepidemiology and Clinical Pharmacology, Utrecht Institute for Pharmaceutical Sciences, Faculty of Science, Utrecht University, Utrecht, the Netherlands, and colleagues conducted a cross-sectional study among adolescents who filled at least 2 prescriptions for ADHD medication within a 1-year period. A total of 181 adolescents between 12 and 17 years of age completed an online questionnaire that included questions on sociodemographics, health status, illness perceptions, medication adherence, and medication beliefs.
Results from the questionnaire showed that 92% of adolescents used methylphenidate as a pharmacologic treatment for ADHD. Additionally, 51% of respondents experienced side effects, such as decreased appetite and sleep problems.
The researchers found that 83% of the study participants had an indifferent attitude toward their ADHD medication, and 61% reported to be nonadherent according to the Medication Adherence Report Scale. Furthermore, 48.1% of participants stated that they occasionally deviate from the prescribed dosing regimen, and 60.2% reported that they sometimes discontinue medication over the weekend or on holidays.
The authors note that ADHD treatment could be improved by combining pharmacologic treatment with psychological and behavioral treatments. “Furthermore, monitoring and discussing the experiences of patients with their ADHD medication might be useful to optimize the treatment for adolescents with ADHD,” they added.
Reference
Kosse RC, Bouvy ML, Philbert D, de Vries TW, Koster ES. Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder medication use in adolescents: the patient's perspective [published online September 9, 2017]. J Adolescent Health. doi:10.1016/j.jadohealth.2017.05.027
1-Octanol belongs to the family of alcohols. It is also known as octyl alcohol. It is usually present in colorless liquid state and is insoluble in water. The vapors of 1-octanol are heavier than air. This causes irritation in nose, eyes, and respiratory system if inhaled. In order to increase the shelf life, 1-Octanol is stored in a ventilated cool and dry place in tightly sealed containers protected from heat and light. Its physical characteristics make it useful as wetting and defoaming agent due to its slight viscous nature. 1-Octanol is used in various other applications. It acts as solvent for waxes, protective coatings, and oils.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/1-octanol-market.html
1-octanol is also used as raw material for the manufacture of plasticizers. Human exposure to this chemical can either be caused through skin contact or inhalation of fumes. Short term exposure can cause irritation to skin, respiratory tract, and eyes. If swallowed in large quantity, it can cause aspiration in the lungs and pneumonitis. 1-octanol is also employed as food preservative in low quantity, so that it does not cause toxicity when consumed by human beings. It is used as synthetic flavoring substance in food, alone or in combination with other flavoring substances. Based on end-use, the market for 1-octanol can be segmented into personal care products, agriculture products, plasticizers, paints & coatings, fuels & fuel additives, and building & construction etc.
The market for 1-octanol is niche, but is anticipated to witness promising growth during the forecast period owing to its increased usage in end-user industries. Increase in awareness among consumers regarding the therapeutic effect of lotions, creams, and conditioners is primarily driving the personal care market. This, in turn, is augmenting the demand for 1-octanol. The market is also expected to benefit from product innovation and product development of new lotions and creams. Increase in recognition of novel brands and rise in awareness among consumers to use prestige brands instead of common brands are poised to boost the 1-octanol market.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20633
The use of 1-octanol as penetration enhancer in transdermal drug delivery in the pharmaceutical industry is estimated to fuel the market during the forecast period. Ability of 1-octanol to permeate skin efficiently and safely without any hazards is the factor driving its demand in the pharmaceutical industry. The fuel & fuel additives segment held promising share of the 1-octanol market in 2015. Its share is projected to increase in the next few years owing to its usage as aluminum rolling lubricant and plastic lubricant, among others.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A scheme to financially support small-scale solar energy generation in Irish homes will be rolled out this summer, Minister for Communications, Climate Action and Environment Denis Naughten has announced.
The grants will be for roof-mounted solar photovoltaic (PV) panels. Initially, they will support “self consumption” of electricity in domestic properties – ie the energy generated will not be fed into the national grid.
However, it is envisaged the scheme will in time be rolled out to small businesses; community organisations, sports clubs and farmers – though a timetable for this has to be finalised.
“It is my intention to open a grant-aided pilot scheme this summer for solar PV microgeneration, targeted initially at self-consumption and for domestic properties,” they said. “This will be the first phase in a multi-phased implementation of supports for microgeneration in Ireland. ”
“The reality is that bringing microgen onto a /[electricity supply]/ system designed for large generators is complicated. It impacts how we pay for the network, how we manage regulation and how we technically manage the system,” Mr Naughten told the 2018 Renewable Energy Summit this week.
Pat Smith, joint chairperson of the Micro-Renewable Energy Federation (MREF), welcomed the announcement but called for the pilot scheme to be quickly extended to businesses and farmers.
MREF represents organisations and individuals seeking to generate their own micro-energy, and businesses seeking to develop, install and/or supply rooftop solar generation and battery storage in Ireland.
While Mr Naughten had re-stated the Government's view that micro-generation was”complicated” to manage and would not be included in upcoming mainstream renewable energy support schemes, Mr Smith said a new EU directive would require member states to pay for electricity generated by small-scale producers.
Current options for “the renewable self-consumer” are being enhanced by the increased availability of smart technology that allows Solar PV not only to generate electricity but also to avail of battery storage (keeping electricity for use at a later time); to generate heat in a house and to recharge electric vehicles.
IFA Renewables spokesperson Tom Short said, however, the pilot scheme was “mere words” that will only become reality when a robust budget backs it.
“Farm scale and roof-top renewable energy production is commonplace across all other EU states. The proposal for a pilot scheme simply avoids the need for urgent roll-out of farm-scale renewables, given Ireland's EU climate and renewable obligations.”
Previous micro-energy pilot schemes had proved the appetite and demand from farmers to step up and meet environmental obligations, they added.
“However, previous mistakes must not be repeated. The Department of Climate Action and Environment must put in place clear specifications for the quality and type of technology that will be supported.”
There should not be a repeat of the situation where cheap equipment imported from non-EU countries is sold to farmers and homeowners without warranties, guarantees or acceptable standards,” Mr Short said.
“The financing of farm-scale and community renewable projects should be underpinned by a ring-fenced budget of €100 million from the additional charge paid by all homeowners by way of the public service obligation (PSO) levy. Renewable energy can no longer be the exclusive right of large-scale big developers,” they added.
Production of biomethane from anaerobic digestion and its injection into the national gas grid “has potential in Ireland's renewable energy future”, Mr Naughten said. “Green gas is not only a source of renewable energy, but it also provides an outlet for food and farm waste.”
Floppy is a black Puli – a type of Hungarian shepherd dog – who saw Mark Zuckerberg's dog, Beast on Facebook a few months ago, and it was love at first sight.
After sending love letters and photos of themselves to Beast, Floppy decided that they want to marry them crush. The funny proposal video features a choir in dog costumes, that tells the story of Floppy, and finally, they ask the big question. To make sure Beast gets the message, the video was screened from a truck next to Facebook Headquarters, where the loved one is a regular visitor. Floppy is now waiting for Beast's reaction. Will they bark ‘yes'?
SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Franklin Wireless Corp. ( OTCQB : FKWL), a market leader in broadband data communications including hardware and software solutions for M2M and the IoT (Internet of Things), today announced financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 ended December 31, 2016.
The Company reported net sales of $14.3 million for the quarter, compared with $20.2 million in net sales for the corresponding period of 2015. The Company also reported net income of approximately $525,000, or $0.05 per basic and diluted share, compared to net income of approximately $617,000, or $0.06 per basic and diluted share, for the same quarter last year.
On a fiscal year-to-date basis, the Company posted net sales of $27.1 million, compared with $32.1 million for the corresponding period of the 2016 fiscal year. Year-to-date net income rose to approximately $788,000, which represents a 24% increase from the same period last year.
"Despite the lower sales for our fiscal 2017 second quarter, I am pleased by the growth in net income on a year-to-date basis," said OC Kim, president of Franklin Wireless. "Further, on a sequential basis, sales grew by 13% and net income doubled compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2017."
The Company's 10-Q filing for the three month period ended December 31, 2016 is on file with the SEC (www.sec.gov).
About Franklin Wireless
Franklin Wireless Corp. ( OTCQB : FKWL) is a global leader in innovative hardware and software products that support machine-to-machine (M2M) applications and the Internet of Things (IoT), as well as intelligent wireless solutions including mobile hotspots, routers and modems. For more information, please visit www.franklinwireless.com.
Safe Harbor Statement:
Certain statements in this press release constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
This photo taken on Sunday, July 1, 2018 and provided on Monday, July 2, 2018 by the AP on the condition that its source not be revealed shows an helicopter abandoned by notorious French criminal Redoine Faid after their escape from a prison, in Gonesse, north of Paris, France. Faid serving 25 years for murder made an audacious escape from prison Sunday after a helicopter carrying several heavily armed commandos landed in a courtyard, freed them from a visiting room and carried them away. (AP Photo)
More than 600,000 displaced Syrians have returned to their homes since the beginning of the year, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
IOM said in a statement on Monday that 602,759 displaced Syrians had returned to their homes between January and the end of July.
"From January to July 2017, an estimated 808,661 people were displaced, many for the second or third time, and over six million in total currently remain displaced within the country," the statement added.
According to the figures from IOM, Aleppo Governorate had received 67 percent of all returnees so far this year. And within the governorate, Aleppo city, which was recaptured by the Syrian army last December, has received most returnees.
Many of the returnees have cited an improved economic and security situation in the areas they had fled from.
More than a quarter of returnees said they did so to protect their assets and properties. This is while nearly the same number referred to the improved economic situation in their place of origin, and 11 percent cited the improved security situation there.
Fourteen percent meanwhile pointed to the worsening economic situation in their place of refuge.
Many of those returning must struggle to get bare necessities, with only 41 percent having access to clean water and 39 percent with access to health services.
This "is dangerously low as the country's infrastructure has been extremely damaged by the conflict," the agency warned.
Figures show a total of 84 percent of those who have returned had taken refuge elsewhere within the war-ravaged country. This is while the remaining 16 percent returned from neighboring countries Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq.
And even as returns from within Syria especially appear to be on the rise, IOM has warned that the militant-riddled country is still seeing high rates of fresh displacement.
International organizations have warned about the "desperate" plight of millions of people displaced in the aftermath of the six-year-long Syrian crisis.
The United Nations says the militancy, which has escalated due to operations by Takfiri terrorists groups such as Daesh, has displaced more than 7.2 million Syrians internally, and compelled over four million others to take refuge in neighboring countries.
The Daesh terrorist group has also been carrying out different types of gruesome crimes against various religious and ethnic groups in Syria, forcing Syrians to flee their homes for their lives.
The Damascus government has repeatedly blamed certain foreign countries for the spread of the devastating militancy.
Over the past few months, Syrian forces have made sweeping gains against the Takfiri elements, which have in turn increased their acts of violence across the country.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was attacked and slashed with a knife in a frightening incident near a Sutton Coldfield restaurant.
Four police cars and an ambulance rushed to the scene by the new Hafez restaurant in Beeches Walk at around 3.30pm on Monday, July 2 following reports that a man had been attacked, was held on the floor and slashed across theirs face.
An eyewitness, who works in Beeches Walk but did not want to be named, said: “It happened outside the new Persian restaurant. A guy looked like they had a cut to their forehead and an ambulance van and police came and hung around blocking the road for quite a while.”
A shop worker in the street said four police cars and an ambulance attended the incident, while another said there was a ‘bit of commotion'.
A spokesperson for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: “We were called to Beeches Walk shortly before 4pm on Monday (July 2) to reports of a man who had been injured.
“An ambulance and a paramedic officer attended the scene and found a man who had sustained multiple minor injuries. Their wounds were dressed by the ambulance staff before they conveyed them to hospital for further checks.”
While West Midlands Police said they were called to ‘reports of disorder' at premises in Beeches Walk, Sutton Coldfield, at around 3.30pm on Monday.
A spokesperson said: “A man in their 40s was held to the floor by two men before being slashed across the face with a knife by another offender.
“Two men, aged 34 and 37, have been arrested on suspicion of assault and released under investigation while enquiries continue.
“Anyone with information can call 101; quoting crime reference number 20BE/148353A/18.”
The incident comes just after a month after Ozell Pemberton was fatally stabbed by a bus stop in Lower Parade.
Last week Royal Sutton Coldfield Town Council agreed to set up a Community Safety Forum at their monthly full council meeting on June 26, in a bid to tackle town centre crime.
Cllr David Pears (Sutton Trinity, Con) said: “It is very clear we need a police presence in the town. We want to work with police and other agencies and local schools. FOLIO (Friends of Libraries in Our Sutton Coldfield) are looking to help educate adults and we also want to work with youth workers at the Clifton Road Youth Centre.
“We know where youths congregate in the town centre. We need to know some of the problems.”
Former Governor of Kano state, Rabiu Kwankwaso and some other notable members of the new Peoples Democratic Party, nPDP, may have dumped the Progressives Congress, APC, party, reports making the rounds claim.
Kwankwaso's spokesperson, Binta Spikin who took to their Facebook page to hint corroboration of the reports said of a brilliant political move that is about to take place in the country.
According to her, “Keep a date. Today at 2pm, you will witness the most brilliant political move of our time; Well-done all.”
Many of Kwankwaso's supporters have equally taken to the social media to announce that their leader will officially announce their defection Wednesday afternoon.
Muazu Magaji who was hi Senior Special Assistant on Projects while they were still the Governor of the state took the lead to announce that their former boss had dumped the APC.
According to him, “Rabiu Kwankwaso dumps APC.”
“There is massive jubilation across Kano and the rest of Nigeria as the former governor of Kano state, Rabiu Kwankwaso dumps APC, reveals to PDP, other parties how to dislodge Buhari from the Villa in 2019.”
Details soon…
The Coalition for Good Governance's (CGG) Executive Director, has accused the House of Representatives Committee investigating alleged corruption at the National Emergency Agency Management (NEMA) of engaging in “diversionary persecution” of the Director –General of the agency.
Addressing journalists in Abuja, executive director of CGG, Mrs Jaiyeole Mohammed wondered why the House Committee despite the overwhelming evidence provided the EFCC which indicted the former DG of the agency, and the directors, has devoted all its energy and wisdom in probing the tenure of Engr. Maihaja, while the indicted, suspended, but reinstated directors by the order of the House of Reps are still in custody of files containing critical documents that would aid EFCC investigation into the fraud.
They said, “The twist is why would the House of Representatives take over a case being handled by the EFCC, the agency lawfully vested with the powers to prosecute persons involved in financial crimes? Equally disturbing is why the House committee has overlooked or abandoned a glaring case to concentrate its probe on the vague case against the NEMA boss? what is the motivation that has informed this decision?”
“Therefore, we feel it is nothing rather than to execute its vindictive mission against President Muhammadu Buhari, by nailing their appointees. So, in the pursuit of this agenda, the House Committee has cooked up frivolous allegations against the current NEMA boss, Engr. Maihaja, claiming they abused due process in some contracts awarded by the agency, running into billions of naira.”
They said though the probe by the House Committee on the NEMA boss has continued, but unfortunately, it has found nothing concrete or incriminating to nail the current NEMA boss.
According to their House committee has also ignored petitions by Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) drawing its attention to the pending alleged fraud case against the former NEMA DG and the directors.
They said, “Unfortunately though, the House Committee has turned unbearable heat and pressure on the current NEMA DG, Engr. Maihaja to the extent of threatening to arrest the DG, who on two occasions, could not honour the committee's invitations, because of pressing official engagements, but deemed it necessary to send representatives while they were on official visit to Benue and other states.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Retail giant Amazon is continuing to sell baby sleep positioners despite fears they can cause babies to suffocate.
Several other firms, including John Lewis and Tesco, have removed the products from their websites after US authorities issued a fresh warning to parents saying they were unsafe.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has linked the products to at least 12 baby deaths in America - which occurred when babies rolled from their side to their front and suffocated.
The positioners, which are sometimes called nests or wedges, are intended to keep the baby in one place on their back and are marketed as suitable for use up to six months of age.
Some parents use them hoping their baby will sleep longer due to the infant feeling cosy or "cocooned", while others believe they cut the symptoms of reflux.
While some retailers have taken action to remove the products from their websites, others, including Amazon and Jo Jo Maman Bebe, still have them for sale.
A spokesperson for Jo Jo Maman Bebe said it was still selling the products but was "investigating the issue as a matter of urgency with our suppliers."
A spokesperson for Amazon, which still has a range of sleep positioner products for sale, said the firm would not be commenting on the issue.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
John Lewis has removed the Cocoonababy Sleep Positioner from sale. It still has a range of "nests" and "pods" for sale including the Cocoonababy nest and the Sleepyhead.
A statement from John Lewis said: "We have one baby sleep positioner and as a precautionary measure we are removing it from sale."
A Tesco spokesperson said: "We have removed these products from our website as a precautionary measure."
Individual manufacturers are still selling the products via their websites.
A statement from the FDA said it was "reminding parents and caregivers not to put babies in sleep positioners.
"These products - sometimes also called "nests" or "anti-roll" products - can cause suffocation (a struggle to breathe) that can lead to death.
"The two most common types of sleep positioners feature raised supports or pillows (called "bolsters") that are attached to each side of a mat, or a wedge to raise a baby's head.
"The positioners are intended to keep a baby in a specific position while sleeping and are intended for infants under six months old."
The FDA and the NHS recommend that infants sleep on their backs on a flat mattress in an empty crib.
The FDA said its safety advice was to "never use infant sleep positioners. Using this type of product to hold an infant on their or their side or back is dangerous.
"The federal government has received reports about babies who have died from suffocation associated with their sleep positioners. In most of these cases, the babies suffocated after rolling from their sides to their stomachs.
"In addition to reports about deaths, the federal government also has received reports about babies who were placed on their backs or sides in positioners - but were later found in other, dangerous positions within or next to these products."
The largest volunteer cleanup in Santa Barbara County had another huge year. With 93 percent of the sites reporting Saturday, 1,157 volunteers collected more than 5,138 pounds of trash and 1,042 pounds of recyclables from 29 sites from Rincon Beach Park on the Ventura County line to Guadalupe Dunes in the North County.
Some strange items were dug up again this year. A mattress and boxspring at different sites, an outboard boat engine, a 40-pound chunk of lead, VHS tapes and a buried chain-link fence were all found at local sites.
“Who really needs that at the beach?” asked Jeff Simeon, Santa Barbara County's cleanup coordinator. “Conventional trash at the beach is shocking, too. Last year, volunteers collected over 8,000 cigarette butts, 2,400 food wrappers and 780 plastic bags! This year at East Beach alone, over 1,250 cigarette butts and 234 plastic bags were found.”
Two sites that really needed help this year were Isla Vista beaches and Lake Los Carneros. In Isla Vista and at UCSB, 78 volunteers collected 1,631 pounds, or 21 pounds per person. There were approximately 300 pounds of ivy removed for habitat restoration at Lake Los Carneros by 11 volunteers, for a whopping 27 pounds per person in only three hours.
“This event uses hundreds of bags and single-use gloves, but we don't have to make that waste,” said Simeon. “Over 390 volunteers brought their own reusable buckets or bags for trash and gloves to clean up with. This helped us to save hundreds of bags and gloves for future cleanup events.
“It's terrific seeing our community step up to keep our beaches, creeks and lakes clean,” said Simeon, who coordinates the event for the county's Public Works Department.
The event is supported by partnerships with the cities of Carpinteria, Goleta and Santa Barbara, the State Parks and the county Parks Department. The cleanup is made possible by the hard work and services provided by local businesses, such as MarBorg Industries and Waste Management, local nonprofit organizations and community members who act as beach and creek captains.
“We would like to thank everyone who makes this great event possible,” Simeon said.
The local cleanup is part of California Coastal Cleanup Day, presented by the California Coastal Commission, and International Coastal Cleanup Day, organized by the Ocean Conservancy.
In 1986, two women, one in Oregon and one in Texas, became concerned about debris on our ocean's shorelines. This was the start of the Ocean Conservancy's beach cleanups, which grew into the international Coastal Cleanup Day. Last year in California alone, more than 82,500 volunteers removed more than 1.2 million pounds of trash and recyclables from our beaches, lakes and waterways.
Volunteers are crucial to the world's largest one-day cleanup effort. Not only do they help improve the health of the ocean and its wildlife, but the data collected provides important information regarding the types, quantity and location of marine debris. This data is analyzed by the Ocean Conservancy and distributed to governments and organizations throughout the world in the hopes that it will help direct policy and funding to preserve our oceans, rivers and lakes.
Iran's defense minister on Monday inaugurated a production line for small-caliber ammunition.
In a ceremony, Defense Minister Brigadier General Hossein Dehqan said it will double the capacity of small-caliber ammunition production in the country, paving the way for exports, Tasnim News Agency reported.
The products meet international standards, the minister added, praising local experts for helping the country attain self-sufficiency in making such ammunition.
The Defense Ministry says the country is capable of manufacturing state-of-the-art military hardware, describing efforts to develop the country's defense sector as “strategic assets”.
Iranian military technicians have in recent years made great headways in manufacturing a broad range of indigenous equipment, from rifles to ballistic missiles.
Tehran has always assured other nations that its military might pose no threat to regional countries, saying that the Islamic Republic's defense doctrine is entirely based on deterrence.
Porzingis scores 30, Knicks hold off Hawks for 111-107 win
hello
Atlanta Hawks forward Tyler Cavanaugh (34) defends against New York Knicks guard Jarrett Jack (55) who passes to a teammate in the first half of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Associated Press
Atlanta Hawks guard Kent Bazemore (24) blocks New York Knicks forward Kristaps Porzingis (6) in the first half of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Associated Press
Atlanta Hawks forward Tyler Cavanaugh (34) defends as New York Knicks center Enes Kanter (00) prepares to shoot with Hawks forward Luke Babbitt (8) watching in the first half of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Associated Press
New York Knicks center Enes Kanter (00) defends against Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) as Hawks center Miles Plumlee (18) looks on in the first half of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Associated Press
New York Knicks center Kyle O'Quinn (9) knocks the ball from Atlanta Hawks forward Taurean Prince (12) as Knicks guard Jarrett Jack (55) watches, left, during the second half of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. The Knicks defeated the Hawks 111-107. Associated Press
New York Knicks forward Kristaps Porzingis (6) shoots as Atlanta Hawks forward Ersan Ilyasova, left, defends in the first half of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Associated Press
New York Knicks forward Kristaps Porzingis (6) keeps the ball from Atlanta Hawks forward DeAndre' Bembry (95) in the waning seconds of the fourth quarter of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Associated Press
New York Knicks forward Kristaps Porzingis (6) shoots with Atlanta Hawks guard Kent Bazemore (24) defending in the first half of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Associated Press
New York Knicks center Enes Kanter (00) get tangled up with Atlanta Hawks' Luke Babbitt, behind him, as Hawks forward Taurean Prince (12) watches, left, in the first half of an NBA basketball game at Madison Square Garden in New York, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Kristaps Porzingis scored 30 points, Doug McDermott added 23 off the bench and the New York Knicks withstood a late push from the Atlanta Hawks for a 111-107 victory Sunday night.
One night after losing to the NBA-worst Chicago Bulls on the road, New York managed to hold off a fourth-quarter rally by the Hawks, who have the second-worst record in the league.
The Knicks appeared to have the game put away after three straight points from Jarrett Jack and Porzingis gave them a 101-92 lead with 3:46 left.
The Hawks then scored five consecutive points, including three free throws from Marco Belinelli to make it 103-100 with 1:40 remaining. Porzingis answered with a quick basket at the other end to extend the Knicks' lead 105-100 before Ersan Ilyasova's layup drew Atlanta within three with 1:18 to play.
New York made it interesting once again when Jack was able to hit only one of two from the free throw line, making it 109-106 with seven seconds left. Kent Bazemore was fouled with three seconds to go. After making the first free throw, they purposely missed the second one, but Porzingis sealed it with two free throws of their own.
Jack scored 19 points for a Knicks team that had lost six of eight, including a 116-104 defeat at Atlanta on Nov. 30.
Dennis Schroder had 21 points and Ilyasova added 20 for the Hawks, who are 3-11 on the road. Taurean Prince had 17 points and eight rebounds.
The Hawks led 75-71 after Miles Plumlee's jumper with 1:28 left in the third quarter.
Porzingis answered with a pair of free throws that sparked an 11-0 run during a four-minute span. It ended with two free throws from Lance Thomas that increased New York's lead to 82-75 with 10:33 remaining in the fourth.
Atlanta missed six shots and committed two turnovers during that stretch before Schroder's layup with 9:53 left. The Hawks outscored the Knicks 7-2 to cut the margin to 84-82 with 9:04 to go.
TIP-INS
Hawks: Rookie power forward John Collins, who has been out due to a left shoulder strain sustained on Nov. 30, worked out before the game at Madison Square Garden. The 20-year-old first-round pick from Wake Forest was averaging 11.5 points and 7.1 rebounds and had started four straight games before going down with the injury.
Knicks: Porzingis had eight rebounds.
ON SECOND THOUGHT
The Hawks are winless in the second game of a back-to-back, going 0-6 so far this season. Atlanta has eight more sets of back-to-back games on its schedule.
UP NEXT
Hawks: At the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday.
Knicks: Host the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham manufacturer which counts brands such as Jaguar and Bentley among its clients has undergone a £22.5 million management buyout.
Erdington-based Precision Micro makes more than 50 million high-precision metal components each year for major global manufacturing customers across multiple markets.
The MBO has been backed by LDC, the private equity arm of Lloyds Banking Group, from owner Meggitt, the global aerospace, defence and energy group.
As part of the deal, LDC has invested £13 million of equity for a unspecified "significant stake" in the company, supporting a management team led by current managing director Ian McMurray.
Precision Micro also operates offices in Germany and The Netherlands and more than 75 per cent of its £15 million sales come from overseas markets.
Its roots date back to the early 1900s when it was founded as a division of engravers V Siviter Smith before establishing itself in Birmingham in 1962 and being acquired by Meggitt in 2012.
Mr McMurray said the investment would enable the company to take full advantage of several positive, global trends in its core markets.
"We see enormous opportunity across our markets as equipment manufacturers look for ever-more cost-effective, reliable, safe and high-performing components," they said.
"Securing the backing of an experienced and supportive partner like LDC means we can invest further in the business, leveraging our technical expertise and processing capabilities to further support our customers around the world with increasingly sophisticated requirements.
"This is an exciting time for our team as we invest in our future growth."
LDC's investment director Chris Handy added: "Precision Micro's reputation for technical excellence, service and innovation is world-class.
"Our investment is all about helping Ian and their team unlock the business' potential by facilitating further investment in its processing capabilities, manufacturing capacity and new product introduction, helping it stay ahead of its market."
Joining the board are Dave Johnson as non-executive chairperson and Chris Handy as non-executive director.
Mr Johnson has held several senior positions at companies including Lucas, BTR and Dunlop Aerospace.
Banking facilities were provided by HSBC and advising on the deal were Gateley, BDO, Springboard Corporate Finance, Freeths and Cattaneo.
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly $1,000 above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers track investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added that "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable" — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
In a victory for environmentalists and Native American activists, a federal judge ruled that the Army Corps of Engineers did not adequately consider the Dakota Access Pipeline's impact on the environment and ordered the agency to reevaluate parts of its analysis.
In a 91-page opinion issued Wednesday, US District Judge James Boasberg said that while the Army Corps "substantially complied" with the National Environmental Policy Act, it failed to fully weigh how an oil spill could affect the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.
"The Court agrees that [the Corps] did not adequately consider the impacts of an oil spill on fishing rights, hunting rights, or environmental justice, or the degree to which the pipeline's effects are likely to be highly controversial," Boasberg wrote.
Several Sioux tribes have legally challenged the Army Corps twice before, but failed to prove the controversial pipeline could hurt historic sites and spoil sacred waters, specifically the Missouri River and Lake Oahe, which are key to their religious practices.
This time, however, Boasberg acknowledged that the federal permits, which were granted by Trump's executive order in January, broke the law in some aspects. The president had ordered the corps to expedite permits, enabling the pipeline to cross the Missouri River, upstream of the Standing Rock reservation.
Standing Rock Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault II hailed the judge's decision as a major victory.
“The previous administration painstakingly considered the impacts of this pipeline and President Trump hastily dismissed these careful environmental considerations in favor of political and personal interests," they said. "We applaud the courts for protecting our laws and regulations from undue political influence, and will ask the Court to shut down pipeline operations immediately."
For now, though, the pipeline is still allowed to operate until Boasberg reviews further briefings from both parties in hearings starting on June 21.
After months of protest, the pipeline started pumping commercially on June 1, sending domestic crude oil through an 1,170-mile pipeline from North Dakota's Bakken oil fields to Illinois.
Almost one in five adults of Medicare eligibility age (65 years old and older) have untreated cavities. The same proportion have lost all their teeth. Half of Medicare beneficiaries have some periodontal disease, or infection of structures around teeth, including the gums. MCT
1:33 Hands On Children's Museum rings in the new year Pause
1:25 Straightforward Richard Sherman after Seahawks win at SF
2:38 Chehalis auto repair shop embraces cutting-edge technologies
1:06 Washington coach Lorenzo Romar reflects on loss to Washington State
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
3:38 Pete Carroll was "in outer space" pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
0:23 Lacey couple catches package thief on video
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs
Detective Ida Lopez, who investigates missing people, talked to Dateline in 2010 about the case.
"The hardest part of this whole thing is having to go to somebody's house and say, 'We found her, and she's not alive,'" Lopez said at the time.
Last February, KOB spoke to Eleanor Griego, the mother of Julie Nieto – one of the victims. They were visiting a makeshift memorial that had been set up for the women.
"Somebody didn't forget about them," Griego said in 2017. "And I thought it was an honor just to have those up there with their names on there and the other girls that are still missing. It's just a blessing."
Police have followed several leads in the years since the bodies were initially discovered, but they have always come up short. In late 2017, the city unveiled plans to erect a personal memorial for the victims.
Uber taxis in JBR during New Year's Eve celebrations, Uber sent messages to its users to plan ahead to avoid t
Uber taxis in JBR during New Year's Eve celebrations, Uber sent messages to its users to plan ahead to avoid t Image Credit: Zarina Fernandes/Gulf News
Uber and Careem have been ordered by Punjab and Sindh authorities to obtain certificates of fitness and rout
Uber and Careem have been ordered by Punjab and Sindh authorities to obtain certificates of fitness and rout Image Credit: Reuters
Dubai: In inner cities, cars are unused 96 per cent of the time, clogging up on average over 20 per cent of a city's urban landmass, said Travis Kalanick, CEO and co-founder of Uber Technologies at the World Government Summit.
Discussing ride-sharing in a session titled ‘The future of urban mobility,' they pointed out the practice, especially in driver-less cars of the future, will solve not only congestion problems but also contribute to better air quality and eventually fewer accidents.
In conversation with CNN moderator Becky Anderson, Kalanick said: “Our data clearly shows that mass transit systems and ride sharing are complementary. Both are important to achieve our ultimate vision, which is to make efficient transport accessible and affordable for everyone.”
Kalanick pointed out that four per cent of all rides globally happen through ride-sharing, with the number set to rise to 30 per cent by 2030.
They referred to their vision for the future, stating that “self-driving cars are the future.”
“Yet, when the technology becomes available, only those cities which have a ride-sharing infrastructure in place will be able to afford them initially, “ Kalanick explained. “Sometimes cities are not set up to work with us, but we see it as the duty of regulators to bring progress to the people and not stand in their way.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The nominations for the Brit Awards 2017 have finally been announced - and the bash is fast approaching.
We're very excited.
The line-up for the ceremony, held once again at London's O2, looks stellar.
You can watch the whole ceremony from 8pm on ITV.
Last year saw Adele, Justin Bieber AND Coldplay taking to the stage.
Robbie Williams, Little Mix, Ed Sheeran... can this year's Brit Awards get any better?
What time are the 2017 Brit Awards on TV?
The BRIT Awards will be shown live on ITV on Tuesday, 22 February.
Coverage starts from 7.30pm.
(Photo: Channel 5)
Who are the Brits hosts this year?
Dermot O'Leary and Sutton Coldfield star Emma Willis have taken over from last year's hosts Ant and Dec.
The pair have been brought in after original host Michael Bublé was forced to pull out after it was revealed their young son had liver cancer.
“Firstly, my immediate thoughts and prayers are with Michael and their family at such a difficult time," said O'Leary as the news was announced.
"Michael is an effortless showman, so those patent shoes will not be easy to fill, but it's an honour to be asked to step in with Emma to host the Brits."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Who are the Brit Award nominees?
Check out the full list of nominees below:
BRITISH MALE SOLO ARTIST
Craig David
David Bowie
Kano
Michael Kiwanuka
Skepta
BRITISH FEMALE SOLO ARTIST
Anohni
Ellie Goulding
Emeli Sandé
Lianne La Havas
Nao
BRITISH GROUP
The 1975
Bastille
Biffy Clyro
Little Mix
Radiohead
BRITISH BREAKTHROUGH ACT
Anne-Marie
Blossoms
Rag'n'Bone Man
Skepta
Stormzy
BRITs GLOBAL SUCCESS AWARD
Identified by the global sales success of British Acts of their latest project/album.
Sales achieved in the period 1st January 2016 to 31st December 2016 will be counted.
BRITISH SINGLE
Alan Walker – Faded
Calum Scott – Dancing On My Own
Calvin Harris feat. Rihanna – This Is What You Came For
Clean Bandit feat. Sean Paul & Anne-Marie – Rockabye
Coldplay – Hymn For The Weekend
James Arthur – Say You Won't Let Go
Jonas Blue feat. Dakota – Fast Car
Little Mix – Shout Out To My Ex
Tinie Tempah feat. Zara Larsson – Girls Like
Zayn – Pillowtalk
(Photo: Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire)
MASTERCARD BRITISH ALBUM OF THE YEAR
The 1975 – I Like It When You Sleep For You Are Beautiful Yet So Unaware Of It
David Bowie – Blackstar
Kano – Made In the Manor
Michael Kiwanuka – Love & Hate
Skepta – Konnichiwa
(Photo: Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images)
BRITISH ARTIST VIDEO OF THE YEAR
Adele – Send My Love (To Your New Lover)
Calvin Harris feat. Rihanna – This Is What You Came For
Clean Bandit feat. Sean Paul & Anne-Marie – Rockabye
Coldplay – Hymn For The Weekend
James Arthur – Say You Won't Let Go
Jonas Blue feat. Dakota – Fast Car
Little Mix feat. Sean Paul – Hair
One Direction – History
Tinie Tempah feat. Zara Larsson – Girls Like
Zayn – Pillowtalk
INTERNATIONAL MALE SOLO ARTIST
Bon Iver
Bruno Mars
Drake
Leonard Cohen
The Weeknd
INTERNATIONAL FEMALE SOLO ARTIST
Beyoncé
Christine and the Queens
Rihanna
Sia
Solange
INTERNATIONAL GROUP
A Tribe Called Quest
Drake & Future
Kings of Leon
Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds
Twenty One Pilots
Can I vote for the winner?
You can vote now to decide who wins Best British Video and Best British Breakthrough Act.
Click here and head to this link to find out more.
(Photo: PA)
Who is performing at this year's Brit Awards?
Robbie Williams will be performing on the night.
Little Mix, Emeli Sande and The 1975, as well as Ed Sheeran, will also perform.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Who is this year's BRIT Icon?
Robbie Williams will bag the gong for BRIT Icon.
They follow in the footsteps of the likes of Elton John and David Bowie.
NEW YORK (AP) — Pitcher Tyler Duffey has been brought up from the minor leagues by the Minnesota Twins.
The 27-year-old right-hander allowed three hits and a pair of unearned runs in 11 innings over four relief appearances for Triple-A Rochester this season.
 They are 16-16 with a 5.29 ERA in 36 starts and 56 relief appearances for the Twins over the past three seasons. They were 2-3 with a 4.94 ERA in 56 relief appearances with Minnesota last year.
Duffey was recalled Tuesday and took the roster spot of right-hander Alan Busenitz, who was optioned to Rochester after allowing two runs in two-thirds of an inning in the Twins' 14-1 loss to the New York Yankees on Monday night.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Preview: Ireland v France
Stade Ernst Wallon, 8pm Live RTÉ
Let's start on a positive note: Niamh Briggs is back.
The former Ireland captain, and fullback by trade, missed last year's World Cup following almost two years of tussling with injury is named at outhalf by new Ireland coach Adam Griggs.
Initially it looked like the evergreen Sene Naoupu would slide into the pivot, now Nora Stapleton has retired, but the veteran 10-12 combination did enough in a recent 27-19 warm-up win over Wales to be maintained in an otherwise brand new backline (besides world-class winger Ali Miller).
“Niamh slotted in there easily and steered us around the field,” said Griggs, the Kiwi being armed with genuine knowledge of the women's game having acted as Leinster coach. “We just have to watch their match minutes at the moment, but hopefully they stay fit because they were really good for us.”
And always has been.
Ailsa Hughes returns at scrumhalf. Showing real promise on debut against Scotland last season, The Railway Union player disappeared from view come the World Cup – when Nicole Cronin impressed – but this daunting journey to Toulouse sees Ireland go into battle without Maz Reilly, Ailis Egan and Sophie Spence.
The loss of three Irish legends is incalculable but this day was inevitable. Only Claire Molloy survives from the 2013 Grand Slam pack.
It makes the return to fitness of Paula Fitzpatrick – the World Cup captain is benched – and Lindsay Peat crucial if Ireland are to breach the gainline.
Winnable
France were spectacular last August and only to be denied a crack at eventual champions New Zealand by a stirring English performance under Belfast sheets of rain.
Tonight will prove a chastising yet important experience as Griggs and young captain Ciara Griffin embark on this new chapter for Irish women's rugby but Sunday lunchtime visits of Italy to Donnybrook on February 11th (1pm kick-off) followed by Wales on February 25th (3pm) and Scotland on March 11th (1pm) are all winnable.
A glut of English players switched to Sevens, as always happens when the Olympic cycle begins, so the Rioch Arena on Friday, March 16th (5.30pm) should be competitive viewing.
Every game is live on RTÉ.
A long-term IRFU strategy for women's rugby is promised. In the meantime, a tough campaign awaits but there's enough encouraging work below the surface with plenty of former (female) internationals seeking to complete the IRFU stage three coaching course.
Now that sounds like a legacy.
Ireland: K Flood; M Williams, C McLaughlin, S Naoupu, A Miller; N Briggs, A Hughes; L Peat, C Moloney, F Reidy; C Cooney, O Fitzsimons; A Caplice, C Molloy, C Griff (capt). Replacements: L Lyons, L Feely, C O'Connor, N Fryday, P Fitzpatrick, M Healy, N Caughey, M Coyne.
A jury is weighing the charge against former UBS Group AG precious trader Andre Flotron that they ran a conspiracy to manipulate futures markets through a practice known as spoofing.
Prosecutors and defense lawyer Marc Mukasey presented competing images of the precious metals desk at UBS and Flotron's relationship with other traders during closing arguments on Tuesday in New Haven, Connecticut, federal court. Flotron, the former head of the desk, is accused of scheming with underlings to cheat other participants in the market, namely high-frequency trading algorithms.
Deliberations began after five days of testimony. Flotron, a Swiss citizen, faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted.
As a manager, Flotron, 54, enabled a conspiracy of "immense proportions" that "crossed the globe," said prosecutor Robert Zink. "Spoofing was an open secret at UBS. It was criminal and everyone did it. No one is disputing that."
In a chat with one of the alleged conspirators, Flotron wrote "F algos," referencing algorithms, Zink said.
Mukasey said the government's case was "prosecution by statistics" through charts and graphs and relied on testimony from two former traders who cooperated in exchange for non-prosecution agreements, and couldn't be trusted.
"You can't take their word for anything," Mukasey said, noting that neither cooperator told jurors they explicitly agreed to spoof with Flotron. The practice entailed placing and quickly canceling orders to shift prices up or down. "They've got a motive to tell the story the government wants."
Ex-UBS Trader Accused of Spoofing Robots Fights Charges of Fraud
DUNSTABLE, Mass. (AP) — A skydiver who was blown off course in Massachusetts has been rescued after spending hours stuck about 70 feet (21 meters) up in a tree.
Dunstable police said late Sunday that the man had been removed from the tree more than two hours after rescue teams were first dispatched.
Don Mayer, the airport manager at Pepperell Skydiving Center, tells WBZ-TV the man is an experienced diver who missed the landing area.
Mayer says the man was embarrassed, but not seriously hurt. They say there were five other people who jumped from the same plane.
Skyhawks, Beavers postponed
DAYTON — Monday's scheduled high school baseball games — a 4:30 p.m. game between Mississinawa Valley and Bradford, and a 7 p.m. contest between Greene County foes Fairborn and Beavercreek — have been postponed because of rain, the Dayton Dragons announced. The games were to be held at the Dragons home field, Fifth Third Field in downtown Dayton. The two games will be rescheduled at a later date.
Beavercreek wins MVTCA tourney
CENTERVILLE — Beavercreek A claimed an overall team win, and Beavercreek B finished sixth out of eight teams, in the Miami Valley Tennis Coaches Association Coaches Cup tournament, held Saturday, April 21 at Centerville High School.
Beavercreek A earned second-place finishes from Alex Riess (first singles), Curtis Guthrie (second singles), first doubles (Jimmy Bai-Vinodh Enukonda) and second doubles (Zach Savino-Jacob Jones ) with a third-place finish by Daniel Xiao at third singles, to earn a tournament-best 34 points. Fairmont had three singles tournament wins, and Springboro two doubles wins, to finish tied for second with 32 points.
The Beavers are 9-2 overall this season. Beavercreek's next scheduled boys high school team tennis match is set for 4 p.m. in Huber Heights against Wayne.
Rams win two over Urbana
URBANA — Visiting Greeneview swept a Saturday, April 21 doubleheader over Urbana with an 11-9 win in the first game, followed by a 20-4 run-ruled victory in Game Two.
Alexa Simpson (four strikeouts) earned the pitching win in the first game, while Baylee Anderson (also four K's) was credited with the game-two win. The first game saw Madison Upchurch hit two singles and a double, with Bryce Ratliff doubling and driving in a run. Game Two had Allison Simpson with two doubles, a single and four runs batted in, Cheyanne Montgomery with two singles, a double and two RBIs, Caitlin Sweat with a single, triple and three RBI, Anderson with two singles and two RBIs, Catie Caraway with two singles and two RBIs, and Simpson with a triple. Greeneview (3-4) is scheduled to host Ohio Heritage Conference foe Cedarville on April 24.
Beavers defeat Davidson
BEAVERCREEK — Simon Ricks had a dozen kills, Naumaan Hussain came up with 28 assists and three serving aces, Alex Le had 11 digs, and Landon Shoemake had three blocks in Beavercreek's 25-12, 25-23, 25-18 win April 20 over Hilliard Davidson. In the latest Ohio High School Boys Volleyball Association state poll, Beavercreek (9-2) is ranked No. 6 in Division I. Beavercreek's next scheduled match is set for 6 p.m., Tuesday, April 24 in Clayton against Northmont.
Xenia beats Piqua
XENIA —Logann Jackson, Lindsey Finley, Sydney Smith, Kylee West, Bailey Oliver, and Olivia Wagner each collected one hit, while Caity Moody limited visiting Piqua to six hits and one run scored, while striking out seven, in Xenia's 4-1 high school softball win April 21 at Xenia High. Xenia did not commit an error. Jackson recorded seven defensive putouts for Xenia, now 8-6 overall, 6-1 in the Greater Western Ohio Conference's American South division.
MBC College Signing Day set
XENIA — The Metro Buckeye Conference will host a college signing event at 3 p.m., Sunday May 6 at the Schindler Banquet Center on the Legacy Christian Academy/Athletes In Action campus grounds. All MBC athletes who are signing with a college athletic program, MBC coaches and the athletes' families are invited to attend. Light desserts and coffee will be served. Please contact Legacy Christian Assistant Athletic Director Rebecca McCaskey at rmccaskey@legacyknights.org if you wish to attend.
Chamber Golf Outing in May
XENIA — The Xenia Area Chamber of Commerce's 42nd Annual Golf Outing is scheduled for Wednesday, May 23. The outing tees off with a 10 a.m. shotgun start at WGC Golf Course. The event will be packed with hole contests, door prizes, a raffle, 50/50 raffle and Mulligans.
The cost is $85 per player, $340 for a foursome. Golfers will receive greens fee and cart, a steak dinner, team photo, and beverages. The WGC driving range will be free of charge starting at 8:30 a.m. Corporate sponsorship is available. Registration deadline is May 18. To become a sponsor or to register visit www.xacc.com. For questions call the chamber office at 937-372-3591 or email admin@xacc.com.
Kil-Kare Drifting registration open
XENIA — Registration is now being accepted for the May 19 Drift Indy event at Kil-Kare Raceway. Cost is $99 per entrant. Drift Indy full-day events are for all drivers wanting and needing seat time.
Guest instructors will show up on occasion to help drivers progress and get better. Spectator tickets are $15 at Kil-Kare, kids 12 & under get in free. Spectators welcome, $15 at the gate, kids 12 & under are free. Go to driftindy.com for more details and to register.
Yellow Springs reveals first Hall class
YELLOW SPRINGS — The Yellow Springs High School Athletic Department announced its inaugural Athletic Hall of Fame Class, April 17. The 2018 Inaugural Class inductees are Leo Frank Hughes (Class of 1935), Charlie Coles (1959), Sterling Wright (1969), Leroy Bondurant (coach), Sarah Lowe (1973), Marcus Johnson (1974), John Gudgel (1975), Shirley Cummins (1976), Bill Hardman (1977), Tyson Bondurant (1978), Teresa Bondurant Wagner (1979), Greg Ayers (1985), Matt Brunsman (1990) and Andrew Pierce (1997).
The Class of 2018 Hall of Fame banquet will be held starting at 5:30 p.m. Saturday June 30 at Antioch University Midwest in Yellow Springs. Cost is $25, while tickets last. Tickets can be purchased in the Yellow Springs High School Athletic Office, or electronically by PayPal to YS_Boosterclub@yahoo.com.
Placekicking camp in June
XENIA — KP's Kicking, Punting and Long Snapping Camp will be held from noon-3 p.m. June 23 at Doug Adams Stadium in Xenia for all interested athletes. Campers should arrive by 11:30 a.m. to register and put their cleats on. Camp athletes will learn the basics of place kicking, punting and/or be helped in developing their current skills. Long snappers will be taught the basics of their key position as well. Registration forms are available online at: https://form.jotform.us/81085574243155 . Contact Kole Patterson at 937-409-4626 or by email at kolepatt@ameriteh.net for more information.
Play It Forwards golf outing
XENIA — The sixth Annual PLAY IT FORWARD golf outing/scholarship fundraiser, hosted by the Class of '73, is scheduled for Saturday, June 23, 2018 at WGC golf course in Xenia. Golf registration includes a light breakfast, a full lunch, beverage tickets, practice balls, green fees and cart, in addition to prizes and raffles. The event is OPEN TO THE PUBLIC with an early registration discount applied until June 8.
For sponsorship informationi or to register for the event contact: Jerry Boggs (jboggs73@aol.com), (937) 239-0036; Steve Greene (sgreene3@columbus.rr.com); Diane Wuebben Ponder (diane.ponder@wright.edu); or Sheryl Haines Yeazel (shel55@ymail.com).
Send local sports news and team scores to sports@xeniagazette.com.
Send local sports news and team scores to sports@xeniagazette.com.
Our Daewoo Silver Art Company promise to produce outstanding designs using our credibility and honesty as a foundation. Our Daewoo Silver Art Company is the one of the representatives treating companies that specializes in the silverware in Korea. Our Daewoo Silver Art Company will do our best to provide the best products at reasonable prices, complete as, and continue to do our best to please our customers. Our Daewoo Silver Art Company would like to show my appreciation to all customers who have trusted and supported us, and hope that the use of our products and services will continue.
Daewoo Silver Art Company in Korea specialized in manufacturing silverware, brassware like silver art VIP gift, home decoration products, Korean Spoon Set, Frame, Kettle, Hand Mirror, Plate, and Bowl and on. For more details contact ldh7196@daewoosilverart.com
Policy and Manufacturing Process
Pricing formula of silver/gold products
Offered price shall be fixed subject to daily KITCO silver/gold price of the end day of prior month from shipping.
General payment term
50% of total amount to be paid by cash with order and remaining 50% on the date of shipping.
Normal Delivery term
Shipment will be made within 45 days of Firm Order.
General Instructions:
The above Marketing Policy may be reviewed from time to time considering the market conditions.
For further details, please contact our corporate office and Service center.
Silverware Products are
Hammered Silver Spoon
• Weight (g): 120Â±5
• Size: 230Ã—40
• Quality: Silver 80, 925, 99
• Use: Kitchenware
• Process: Forging
Kumboo Dish
• Name-Kumboo Dish
• Weight (g)-250Â±10
• Size-170
• Quality-Silver
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Enamel Flower Spoon (man)
• Weight (g): 120Â±5
• Size: 230Ã—40
• Quality: Silver 80, 925, 99
• Use: Kitchenware
• Process: Forging
Enamel Sheep Baby Spoon
• Weight (g): 145Â±5
• Size: 170Ã—40
• Quality: Silver 80, 925, 99
• Use: Kitchenware
• Process: Forging
Kumboo Silver Ice Bucket
• Name -Kumboo Silver Ice Bucket
• Weight (g)-1580Â±10
• Size-150Ã—130
• Quality-Silver
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Brass Spoon
• Name- Brass Spoon
• Weight (g)-120Â±5
• Size-165Ã—35
• Quality Silver- Bronze
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Are you looking for hammered silver spoon manufacturer? Daewoo, the leading silver art company in South Korea specialized in manufacturing hammered silver spoon set. Shop with us to save your money!
Protesters who interrupted a university debate speech by Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg have been condemned by MPs from across the political spectrum after the event descended into a “violent” confrontation.
A string of Labour MPs denounced a group who allegedly broke into the event at the University of the West of England (UWE) in Bristol and hurled insults at the Conservative.
Video footage posted to social media captured the scenes as Mr Rees-Mogg, who has been tipped as their party's next leader, appeared to step in to separate rivals as onlookers call for them stop.
According to one witness the MP was “pushed and shoved” as a tussle broke out and police are probing the incident.
Mr Rees-Mogg said they chose to engage with the protesters because they “knew they weren't going to hit me”.
“There were three hundred people here who wanted to engage in a serious debate and discussion, there were four or five people who wanted to shout — but they only wanted to shout,” they told the BBC.
“They weren't physically threatening. A little bit of shouting doesn't do anybody any harm... I take a very relaxed view of it.”
Universities Minister Sam Gyimah branded the protesters' behaviour “thuggish”, tweeting: “Free speech under the law is fundamental to our democracy. Well done @Jacob_Rees_Mogg for not being cowed into silence.”
Shadow education secretary Angela Rayner said they “utterly” condemned the “behaviour of those tonight who tried to attack (Mr Rees-Mogg) whilst they were due to speak at an event they were invited to”.
@BBCNews a huge amount of (physical) violence at a Jacob Rees Mogg speech in UWE Bristol pic.twitter.com/bfaOqAVwc6 — Chloe (@chloekayex) February 2, 2018
“It's extremely intimidating for any MP who travels alone to an event to be treated like this,” they said.
Labour's Yvette Cooper, chair of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee tweeted: “This is appalling. No excuse for violence & aggression like this.”
The party's MP for Bristol North West, Darren Jones, tweeted: “I'm deeply proud of Bristol and often deeply disagree with Jacob. But a small minority let down Bristol and our democracy tonight.”
Jo Swinson, deputy leader of the Liberal Democrats, said they were “appalled” by Mr Rees-Mogg's treatment, tweeting: “Deeply worrying to see violent tactics by political opponents.”
Brendan Cox, whose wife Jo, Labour MP for Batley and Spen, was murdered by a right-wing extremist in 2016, said the incident was “absolutely disgraceful”, adding: “Those who try & deny elected representatives the chance to speak attack democracy itself.”
UWE Bristol said it was “absolutely appalled” by the group's actions.
The MP said they did not feel in danger, adding: “If I felt threatened I wouldn't have gone up to talk to them. They're British, they weren't going to do me any harm. They disagree with me, they disapprove of everything I stand for, but they are good, honest British citizens. They weren't going to hit me.”
They told the Daily Telegraph the protesters shouted “no platform for Tory scum and other insults”, although they chose to engage with the group “to stop anyone is hit because the whole thing would have degenerated”.
UWE Bristol said it was believed a small group of protesters, who were not students at the university and did not have tickets to the event, broke into the lecture theatre through the back doors, before police and security were called.
The university's Politics and International Relations Society, which organised the debate, said it was “sorry the event was overshadowed by the actions of a few non-students”, adding: “It detracts from the great attitude that UWE students have towards debate and challenging political opinions.”
Mr Rees-Mogg went ahead with their speech and was escorted back to their car after the event finished, a university spokesperson said.
“We support the democratic right of free speech and peaceful protest. However, we strongly condemn the actions of protesters who disrupted normal debate and behaved in this way,” the university said.
BBC Somerset reporter James Craig said Mr Rees-Mogg tried to “talk the protesters down”.
“But at that point various other members of the audience got involved as well and that's when this scuffle... happened and a lot of people got involved,” they told the broadcaster.
“It looked to me like Jacob Rees-Mogg themselves got pushed and shoved, although they insist they aren't.”
Avon and Somerset Police appealed for anyone to come forward with mobile phone footage to help the inquiry.
The force said in a statement: “We were called to the University of the West of England's Frenchay campus at about 6.30pm today following a report of a public order incident.
“No arrests were made and an investigation is under way to see if any criminal offences were committed.” – PA
The problem may not always be obvious, but we must all be alert of the risk to our elderly friends and family
[Noozhawk's note: This column is part of Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse.]
At 82, I am clearly a member of the group generally referred to as “seniors.” Although I try to stay reasonably active in the community by participating in groups such as Rotary, most of my associations are also seniors. There's no escaping it. It's not necessarily good or bad; it's just part of the reality of growing older.
I hear and read about drug abuse among seniors, particularly alcohol, but I can't recall ever having a conversation with another senior about the subject, so I have to conclude that it's not a hot issue with the elderly in general, at least not among those I know.
However, there is a considerable body of literature about drug addiction (chemical dependency) among seniors, ranging from marijuana and alcohol to so-called hard drugs. But I can't say I've ever known any seniors who have such problems.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
A USA Today article by Kathleen Fackelmann (July 2001), noted that “17 percent of Americans age 60 and older abuse prescription drugs or alcohol.”
Ruth Sanchez-Way, director of the federal Center for Substance Abuse Prevention, said that “many older people either don't realize or are ashamed to admit they got a drug problem. ... In many cases, prescription drug abuse goes hand in hand with a drinking problem.
“Many of the diseases caused by substance misuse (e.g., high blood pressure, stroke, dementia or ulcers) are common disorders in later life, so health-care providers and family members may not be thinking of substance abuse as an underlying cause. In addition, the guidelines and screening tests that health-care professionals use to diagnose substance misuse are often designed for younger people, and may not be easily applied to older adults.”
Since most seniors routinely take a lot of medications to keep various health problems under control, it's not surprising that abuse of prescription drugs has become a health problem that has been increasingly getting the attention of doctors and researchers.
The problem received national attention in 2001 when President George W. Bush pledged to help “the millions of elderly Americans who can't get through the day without popping pills or shooting up insulin.” Some of their remedies included stricter regulations for both doctors and pharmacists.
Bush noted: “Right now, drugs like Donepezil and Vasotec can be obtained with little more than a single visit to the doctors. ... This can no longer be allowed to go on. We must attack the problem at the source: the HMO-backed medical professionals who prescribe, or ‘deal,' cheap prescription drugs. If we crack down on them, seniors will have a lot harder time getting their fixes.”
In 2001, I was well into my “senior” years, and I must say, I never talked with anyone who considered abuse of prescription drugs by seniors to be a problem. In addition, I was not just a casual observer. As the CEO of the Santa Ynez Valley Cottage Hospital for almost seven years, I was in constant contact with local doctors, and I can't say the problem ever came up as an issue.
Bush also noted: “Seniors are responsible for a shocking 70 percent of Amiodarone abuse in this country. Nitroglycerin use among the elderly has reached similarly epidemic proportions. Because such substances are obtained legally, compounded with the clouded judgment which results from drug use, many of these addicts are not even aware they have a problem.”
In May 2010, NaturalNews.com reported that “a recent study by the Substance Abuse & Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) found a dramatic increase in illicit drug use in adults 50 and over, including an alarming incidence of nonmedical use of prescription drugs among women aged 60 to 64. In part, the increase points to the aging of the baby boomer generation and ... may necessitate the doubling of substance abuse treatment facilities by 2020.”
According to AgingCare.com, “The drugs most likely to be abused by older adults include anti-anxiety drugs, oral narcotics (e.g., codeine) and sleeping pills.”
Dr. Marin Tark, a board-certified anesthesiologist and pain management specialist, suggests that you look for some of the following signs if you suspect that an elderly person in your life is abusing prescription drugs:
» How much are they taking? If they used to take one or two a day, and are now taking four a day or six a day, that's a red flag.
» Has their behavior or mood changed? Are they argumentative, sullen, withdrawn or anxious?
» Are they giving excuses as to why they need the pills?
» Do they ever express remorse or concern about taking pills?
» Do they ever have a “purse or pocket supply” in case of an emergency?
» Have they ever been treated by a physician or hospital for excessive use of pills?
» Have they changed doctors or drug stores?
» Have they received the same pill from two or more physicians or druggists at about the same time?
» Do they become annoyed or uncomfortable when others talk about their use of medications?
» Do they ever sneak or hide pills?
It's clear that prescription drug abuse has become another problem in the lives of today's seniors, and that we should all be alert to the risk of misuse of drugs by our elderly friends and members of our families.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Harris R. Sherline is a retired CPA and former chairperson and CEO of Santa Ynez Valley Hospital who as lived in Santa Barbara County for more than 30 years. They stay active writing opinion columns and their blog, Opinionfest.com.
Peltz puts pressure on P&G with $3bn-plus stake
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Environmental advocates in California who successfully pushed for a ban on single-use plastic bags have expanded their fight against plastic waste, targeting straws and bottle caps and calling on the state to increase the amount of recycled material in plastic water and soda bottles.
The efforts face stiff opposition from the beverage and plastic industries, however, and opponents buried one bill on Monday.
Assembly Bill 319, introduced by Assemblyman Mark Stone, D-Scotts Valley, aimed to reduce plastic bottle cap waste by prohibiting retailers from selling bottled beverages with a cap not tethered to the container. Lacking enough support from fellow Assembly Democrats, they decided to let the measure die without a vote.
Stone said the resistance from the beverage industry on their tethered cap bill was strong and featured the use of misleading tactics.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
“We expected that pushback from the industry,” Stone said. “But at some point, we really owe it to ourselves to pursue a comprehensive strategy to limit overall plastic usage.”
Stone has made efforts in the past to restrict individual plastic products, including unsuccessful attempts to ban plastic cigarette filters. They plan to propose a similar ban again this year and to keep up the effort to limit plastic bottle cap waste.
Stone said they would like to see lawmakers and private industry put together a comprehensive plan to address plastic waste overall, but disagreements have hindered that process. Until that happens, Stone said, “we're left with policies around individual products.”
Joining the push to limit plastic waste is Assemblyman Ian Calderon, D-Whittier, who introduced a bill last month that would prohibit dine-in restaurants from giving plastic straws to customers unless customers request them. Calderon says the bill would not ban straws but would attempt to limit their use and protect the environment.
“We need to create awareness around the issue of one-time-use plastic straws and its detrimental effects on our landfills, waterways and oceans,” Calderon said in a news release announcing the bill.
Republicans have blasted the effort as unnecessary and an example of the worst kind of restrictive “nanny government.”
Jon Fleischman, a conservative blogger and former state GOP official, said while littering should be punished, Calderon's proposal is “nonsensical” and would impose “overarching restrictions on everyone.”
“Instead of going after people littering, we are going to make law-abiding citizens have restrictions on their straws. It is really ludicrous,” Fleischman said. “If you use a little bit of public education, people will do the right thing without there having to be legislation.”
These recent legislative proposals follow several steps the Legislature has taken in the past few years to reduce plastic waste, such as bans on plastic microbeads in cosmetics and plastic bags.
Bottled water, soft drink and plastic producers have opposed the efforts that target plastic bottles, saying that consumers and producers would face increased costs.
The beverage industry, which argued a tethered cap requirement would be expensive and inconvenient for companies to implement, has previously poured millions into blocking proposals in California that targeted its industry, such as efforts to tax soda and put warning labels on sugary drinks.
The American Beverage Association led the effort against AB 319. “The best way to improve on cap recycling is with public service reminders that get people to ‘Keep the Caps On!' when discarding containers in recycling bins,” said Fredericka McGee, the group's vice president of California government affairs and operations.
The association spent nearly $400,000 last year to lobby bills and other legislative matters, including opposing AB 319, according to filings submitted to the California secretary of state. Opponents also are active contributors to legislative campaigns. The ABA donated $52,300 last year to various California lawmaker election campaigns, according to filings. Pepsico gave more than $350,000 to legislative campaigns and the two major political parties in the 2015-16 election cycle.
Mark Murray, executive director of Californians Against Waste, said the opposition helped sway some lawmakers against Stone's bill.
“(Lawmakers) told us, ‘Oh, I've got a Coke facility in my district,' or ‘Oh, I've got a bottled water facility in my district,' ” Murray said. “At the end of the day, I'm not sure legislators were all that focused on the substance of (Stone's bill).”
A coalition of plastic recycling companies is part of the push to mandate the use of recycled plastic – possibly as much as 50 percent – in the manufacturing of new plastic bottles and to extend a program that supports California companies that make new products from recycled plastic bottles.
The group says taking these steps will support green jobs in California and help the state reach its goal of slashing greenhouse gas emissions to 40 percent of 1990 levels by 2030, according to the coalition.
The California Plastics Recyclers Coalition includes five California companies that take recycled plastic water and soft drink bottles and turn them into new products. Their push for a recycled plastic content mandate received a boost Monday, when state senators approved Senate Bill 168 to direct CalRecycle to establish minimum recycled content standards for beverage containers, including plastic bottles, by 2023.
California currently mandates that glass containers are made with at least 35 percent recycled material and newsprint with at least 50 percent recycled material. Plastic beverage containers have no minimum recycled content mandate.
Sen. Bob Wieckowski, D-Fremont, introduced SB 168 last year. The bill, which passed the Senate 28-6, will help give momentum to the state's recycling efforts and generate economic and environmental benefits, Wieckowski said.
“We need to do more to improve recycling,” Wieckowski said. “I think it's important that if we are going to be the leaders internationally that we have these standards that are higher.”
Californians buy a lot of plastic bottles. For the 2016-17 fiscal year, about 11.88 billion plastic bottles were sold in California, and 8.6 billion of those bottles were recycled, resulting in a 72 percent recycling rate, according to data from CalRecycle, the department that oversees the state's recycling program.
Some beverage companies, such as Naked Juice, are already producing plastic bottles with higher amounts of recycled content than the mandate would establish, said Paula Treat, a lobbyist for the recyclers' coalition. Treat said the minimum content mandate would likely range from 15 to 35 percent but could reach 50 percent.
Jacob Barron, senior manager of communications for the Plastics Industry Association, said big beverage companies are already making strides in using recycled content.
“We're big supporters of using more recycled content, but we're concerned a mandate might kind of smother that ongoing effort,” Barron said.
The American Beverage Association believes a recycled content mandate would not increase recycling rates in California, McGee said.
“No additional bottles will be collected or recycled as a result of this minimum content requirement,” McGee said. “It would only shift recycled (plastic) in use today from one product to another product and raise the cost.”
Apart from SB 168, other lawmakers are planning on introducing legislation to revive a state program that supported plastic recycling companies, Treat said.
The state directed $10 million per year toward the program, which began in 2007 and encouraged plastic recyclers like the CPRC members to manufacture products from recycled plastic containers. However, the program payments stopped at the beginning of this year, and state lawmakers have yet to reauthorize the program.
Without the incentive program, coalition members could face difficult futures, and the use of recycled material in making new products could decrease, Treat said.
“I think you're going to see more recyclers going out of business, as virgin plastics are cheaper,” Treat said.
The program provided plastic recycling companies with a $150 rebate for every ton of material processed in state and paid manufacturers who make products out of the recycled material. It helped attract more than $500 million in private investment for the recycling industry, said Rich Costa, director of procurement, sustainability and government affairs for CarbonLite Industries, a Riverside-based plastic recycling plant that is part of the CPRC.
The incentive program also supported in-state recycling, Murray said. More than 204,500 tons of plastic containers were sold in the state in 2016 alone, and more than 96,000 tons of those containers were recycled and processed in California for a 47 percent in-state recycling rate, according to CalRecycle.
CPRC members want to increase that in-state recycling rate, as bottles are otherwise shipped out of state or overseas, often to China, and used to make products there.
But China implemented a ban on imports of recycled materials at the beginning of 2018. Costa said China's ban, coupled with the stalled plastic market development program, results in a “double whammy” where recycled materials are left sitting in California with no demand for them.
Environmental advocates said taking steps to limit plastic waste is necessary, but they acknowledge how important and prevalent plastic is in California.
“The reality is plastic is not going away,” Stone said. “It's everywhere.”
Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki has become the first person to stumble over their own government's draft law imposing fines or jail terms on anyone who blames Poland for Nazi atrocities.
The Bill is an attempt to crack down on a recurring problem of concentration and extermination camps, operated by occupying Nazis forces in Poland, being described as “Polish”.
On the prime minister's YouTube channel, the English subtitles of their remarks about the law show them saying that the death camps “where millions of Jews were murdered were Polish”.
A spokesperson for the prime minister's chancellery blamed YouTube for the mistake in an automatic translation. The video was removed after it went viral online, but not before copies had been saved.
Mr Morawiecki appeared to make a second error in an English-language video about the 1940 Katyn massacre, when an estimated 22,000 Poles were murdered and buried in mass graves by Soviet forces.
In their video, removed by their office quickly but again saved by Facebook users, Mr Morawiecki refers to Katyn as a “site of German mass murder of Polish intellectuals”.
In 1943 Nazis discovered the mass graves in the forest of Katyn, now in Russia. Until 2010, Moscow denied Stalin and other Soviet officials carried any responsibility for the atrocity.
On Wednesday, Poland's upper house of parliament passed an amended Bill making it illegal to accuse “the Polish nation or state” of complicity in the Holocaust.
Third Reich crimes
The Bill foresees fines and a three-year jail term for “anyone who, against the facts, publicly states that the Polish nation or state was responsible or co-responsible for Third Reich crimes”.
The prime minister cannot be charged under their government's law because, though it has cleared parliament, it has yet to be signed into law by the president.
According to reports, Israel has recalled its ambassador for consultations over the Bill it claims is an attempt to portray Poles exclusively as Holocaust victims.
The Polish people are among the greatest victims of Nazi violence. About three million of Poland's 3.2 million Jewish population were murdered in German-built and operated death camps. The Nazis also murdered at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Poles.
But historians point out that anti-Semitism was widespread in wartime Poland and that an estimated 1,000 Jews in Poland were killed by other Poles during and immediately after the second World War.
As their videos went viral online, Mr Morawiecki was touring a museum dedicated to Józef and Wiktoria Ulma, a Polish couple who hid eight Jews in their attic. The couple and their six children were executed by the Nazis in March 1943 after the hideaways were discovered.
The museum's website says the family were betrayed by a local police officer, believed to have been either Polish or Ukrainian.
The government's amended Bill has caused uproar in Poland, and sparked a new wave of anti-Semitic jokes in sections of the media.
Free speech
State television broadcast jokes about “Jewish death camps”. A right-wing tabloid journalist said on national radio that “if anyone speaks today for Israel, they should think twice if they should not give up Polish citizenship and exchange it for the Israeli one”.
Their remark carries echoes of similar remarks by senior communist officials during an anti-Jewish government crackdown half a century ago in Poland. At least least 13,000 Polish Jews emigrated to Israel in this period, and were stripped of their Polish citizenship.
On Tuesday, the US state department said it would “encourage Poland to re-evaluate the legislation in light of its potential impact on the principle of free speech and on our ability to be effective partners”.
The Polish government insists the law will not harm freedom of speech because it has a caveat for “artistic or academic activity”.
“But what about journalists or tour guides?” asked Prof Jakub Urbanik, a law professor at the University of Warsaw. “It is very unclear language and you cannot draft a criminal law like this.”
Joining the criticism was Justice Elyakim Rubinstein, a former attorney-general and vice-president of the Supreme Court of Israel.
“It is very difficult to deal with history through a law . . . these are matters for history, not for legal proceedings,” they said at a public lecture at the University of Warsaw. “That there were Polish people involved in the persecution of Jews is a fact.”
This story is about
FC Dallas midfielder Michael Barrios, pictured here during a match On June 3rd, scored the winning goal against Tulsa on Wednesday night. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
FC Dallas' quest to repeat as Lamar Hunt US Open Cup champions got off to a rockier-than-expected start Wednesday night at SMU's Westcott Field.
FC Dallas needed a stoppage-time fortuitous bounce to get past the United Soccer League's Tulsa Roughnecks FC 2-1 in fourth-round action.
FC Dallas' Michael Barrios struck the ball off Tulsa's Modou Jadama for the late goal.
This was the first Open Cup match of the season for FC Dallas, as Major League Soccer teams enter the competition in the fourth round. Tulsa won second and third-round matches to reach its matchup with FC Dallas.
FC Dallas struck first with a goal from Coy Craft in the 31st minute. Tulsa answered with a 59th-minute goal by Kosuke Kimura.
FC Dallas will meet the Colorado Rapids in Round of 16 action.
Driving in central London is a minefield at the best of times. What with the confusion of the congestion charge zone, one-way streets at every turn, cyclists all over the place and it being nigh-on impossible to park, it's a wonder that anyone even tries to drive in London. Perhaps this is all a tactic by the Mayor to put off drivers from coming in to the capital. It does seem like a pretty good tactic, to be fair.
The latest gripe is about one particular junction in Bank, from which cars are banned, and only buses and bikes are allowed to drive through. However, the rules were only changed last year, in a bid to reduce the number of accidents in that particular area. It's not the change of rules that's upset people, though. What is causing an issue is that the fact that since 7 June, the City of London has been issuing Penalty Charge Notices at a cost of £130 to motorists travelling through the junction, which is policed by seven separate cameras. In the first month, from 7 June to 14 July, these cameras captured an average of 1,500 cars passing though the junction each day. That means that, according to figures released by the City of London in response to Freedom of Information Act request, this one junction is raking in fines of over £16,000 an hour; almost £200,000 per day. Is this all really in the name of ‘safety', then – or is it a clever ploy by the council to bring in some extra dosh?
A few years ago, a similar story was causing a stir, about a ‘box junction' with yellow hashed lines in Fulham, which generated £2.7million in fines in just one year for Hammersmith and Fulham Council. That junction was only serving an average of 111 fines per day though – and even that caused a rumpus. I suppose the crux of the matter is whether this is a safety issue, as the City of London suggests, or a money-making scheme which others, including the Tory MP Charlie Elphicke, suggest.
In a weak summer at the box office, bright spots abound
hello
This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows Harry Styles, from left, Aneurin Barnard and Fionn Whitehead in a scene from "Dunkirk." (Warner Bros Pictures via AP) Associated Press
This image released by Warner Bros. Entertainment shows Gal Gadot in a scene from "Wonder Woman." (Clay Enos/Warner Bros. Entertainment via AP) Associated Press
This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows Chris Pine, left, and Gal Gadot in a scene from, "Wonder Woman." The film, directed by Patty Jenkins, opens June 2. (Clay Enos/Warner Bros. Pictures via AP) Associated Press
NEW YORK -- On their face, the numbers are grim. Movie ticket sales in North America are running roughly half a billion dollars behind last summer's box office, making this one of lowest-grossing summers in years.
The 12.4 percent downturn comes at a critical juncture for Hollywood, with constantly swirling fears about the impact of streaming, television and the bazillion other entertainment options out there. AMC, the largest theater chain in the United States, saw its stock price tank recently partly because of slow sales and its forecast for "a very challenging" third quarter.
And yet much of the story at the multiplex this summer has been very positive. Few of the movies that won strong reviews and a warm reception from moviegoers didn't also perform well at the box office. With few exceptions, when the studios supplied the goods, audiences came in droves.
The biggest smashes of the summer - "Wonder Woman," ''Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" - all earned both praise and major business. Two of those films also righted the ship for studios struggling to match Disney's franchise power.
"Spider-Man: Homecoming" was a much-needed shot in the arm for the retooled Sony Pictures, which followed that up with Edgar Wright's music-mad original hit "Baby Driver."
Patty Jenkins' "Wonder Woman" set things right, finally, in Warner Bros.' DC Comics series. The film, which recently surpassed $400 million domestically, also set a record for highest grossing film directed by a woman. Warner Bros. later gave the summer an honest-to-goodness Oscar contender in July: Christopher Nolan's World War II epic "Dunkirk."
"What we all saw this summer is audiences were fickle. The stuff they liked, they really liked," said Jeffrey Goldstein, distribution chief for Warner Bros. "The movies that were well received were rewarded with good holds."
All but three of the No.1 films this summer were certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes, including this past weekend's top film, the horror sequel "Annabelle: Creation."
"The irony is, it was one of the best summers to be a moviegoer, if not a theater operator," said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst for comScore. "When I look at movies like 'Guardians 2,' 'Wonder Woman,' 'War for the Planet of the Apes,' 'Spider-Man: Homecoming,' 'The Big Sick,' 'Detroit,' 'Baby Driver,' 'Dunkirk,' 'Wind River,' I have to say it's been a great time as a moviegoer.
"This is sort of: It was the best of times, it was the worst of times," said Dergarabedian.
You could easily add to that list, too. Though many comedies struggled, the summer produced one breakout comedy: "Girls Trip," soon to surpass $100 million domestically. Two of the year's most audaciously original and buzzy titles electrified art-house audiences: "Good Time," with Robert Pattinson, and "A Ghost Story," with a sheeted Casey Affleck. On Friday, Oscar-winner Steven Soderbergh will trot out their return to movie directing, the heist film "Logan Lucky," with Channing Tatum.
Though they haven't always helped the bottom line, an unusual number of filmmakers and upstart distributors have tried to shake up the summer. Even the season's most spectacular bomb - Luc Besson's $180-million sci-fi extravaganza "Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets" - was a charming one. The film, made and financed outside the Hollywood system, was the kind of pricey auteur-driven overreach that today's corporate-driven studios have largely snuffed out.
So what's the problem? Where's the missing $500 million? (That's about the gap left by this summer's overall gross of $3.4 billion.)
There are two significant drains on this summer's totals. One is the lack of any late-summer blockbuster on the schedule. Before Hollywood's summer runs out on Labor Day weekend, there will be no "Suicide Squad," ''Straight Outta Compton" or "Guardians of the Galaxy" (all recent August releases) to mount a comeback.
More significant are a trio of underperforming franchise entries. Paramount's fifth "Transformers" film, Disney's fifth "Pirates of the Caribbean" and Universal's latest try at "The Mummy," all underperformed. All, not coincidentally, were slammed by critics as either franchises running on fumes or, in the case of "The Mummy," a desperate attempt to create one.
Each of these titles, to varying degrees, mitigated their losses with better performances overseas. Each made about 80 percent of its worldwide grosses abroad. The "Pirates" installment, "Dead Men Tell No Tales," debuted in China and pulled in $614 million internationally. "Transformers: The Last Knight," grossed $228.8 million in China, the most of any American movie this summer.
International box office altogether is up 3.8 percent this year, according to comScore, an increase of about $600 million.
But those movies - along with muted business for "War for the Planet of the Apes" and "Alien: Covenant" - proved that the franchise fatigue that affected last summer has had a sequel of its own in 2017. While not quite the drumbeat of last summer when a dozen sequels failed to outshine their predecessors, moviegoers continue to sniff out the less inspired retreads of familiar brands.
"There have been some big misfires and costly misfires this season," said Adrian Smith, president of domestic distribution for Sony. "The consumer wants unique, fresh and original content. They don't want tired, stale properties. I think that's just their way of speaking out."
That continues to pose a potentially existential threat to modern Hollywood, which is virtually run on franchise-building and mining intellectual property assets. But if "Spider-Man" can be rebooted every five years and still churn out $700 million in worldwide box office, it shows that "fresh" doesn't necessarily mean "new."
What may be changing, though, is the importance of the summer season altogether. Several of the year's biggest films came in its first few months, including "Beauty and the Beast," ''Get Out" and "The Fate of the Furious." The year as a whole is running 4.2 percent behind last year - not as yawning as the summer deficit but still a sizable gap large enough to stoke fears for the industry.
But several almost sure-fire blockbusters await in the fall: "Thor: Ragnarok," ''Justice League" and "The Last Jedi." Had just one of them preferred warmer temperatures, the summer box office might have looked quite different.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP .
Pope Francis urged young people on Monday to “take risks” to help the Catholic Church rejuvenate itself, a day before their new book on the subject is released in Italy.
The 81-year-old pope addressed a meeting of 300 young believers at the start of a six-day event held ahead of October's Synod of Bishops, which will focus on young people.
“Without taking risks a young person ages, and the Church ages with them,” they said.
The pope's new book, “God is Young”, is also set to be published in English in time for the Synod.
It is based on a series of conversations between the pope and Italian journalist Thomas Leoncini.
At Monday's gathering, Francis fielded questions from youngsters from all over the world, including a Nigerian victim of people-trafficking.
October's Synod will discuss how to tackle a recruitment crisis in the church. Fewer and fewer young people are joining the priesthood or entering religious orders.
In their 160-page book, the pope talks about the marginalisation of young people and insecure working environments.
“We need to ask young people forgiveness because we don't always take them seriously,” they write.
“We don't always help them find their way or the tools that would allow them not to end up marginalised.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two people have been arrested following drug raids in Heanor.
Suspected heroin, crack cocaine and cannabis were seized by officers from properties in Ray Street and Mount Street on January 22.
According to Derbyshire police, a 46-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs, and has been released under investigation.
A 37-year-old was arrested for allowing their premises to be used for drug use, but officers have confirmed that no further action is to be taken.
And a 28-year-old man was issued with a penalty notice for possession of cannabis.
Inspector Dave Parker, who is in charge of policing in the Amber Valley area, said: “These warrants were carried out as a result of community intelligence which we will always investigate and act on where appropriate as we work target crime, anti-social behaviour and illegal drug misuse work to keep our area safe.
“I would like to thank our local residents and community members for talking to us, and for continued their support.”
A woman was also arrested one of the addresses who had failed to appear at court in connection with not paying a taxi fare in Derby.
They were remanded and appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates Court on Friday, January 26.
The drug warrants were executed by the local safer neighbourhood policing team, operational support and uniformed taskforce.
Anyone with information on crime or drug use in their area should contact Derbyshire police on 101 or visit their website.
Alternatively, call independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or visit their website.
Dubai: Foreign investors' purchases in ADX in January 2017 reached Dh3.13 billion, representing 40.4 per cent of total buy trades, whereas their sell stood at Dh2.723 billion, representing 35.2 per cent of total sell trades.
Subsequently, the net foreign investment in January reached Dh406 million.
Index performance
ADX general index in January grew by 0.03 per cent to 4,548. The investment & financial services sector scored the highest growth rate at 18.07 per cent, followed by insurance sector at 14.95 per cent; industry sector at 4.35 per cent; consumer staples at 2.10 per cent; banking sector at 1.13 per cent, and real-estate sector at 1.03 per cent.
Meanwhile the telecommunications sector dropped by 4.79 per cent, followed by energy sector at 0.78 per cent, and services sector at 0.41 per cent.
The market capitalisation of local companies listed on ADX dropped by 1.32 per cent at Dh438.383 billion compared with Dh444.238 billion in December.
Value of traded stocks in ADX grew to reach Dh7.741 billion compared with Dh3.576 billion in December. The number of traded stocks stood at 5.823 billion shares compared with 2.141 in December. Number of deals reached 61,907.
The average daily value in January reached Dh352 million compared with Dh188 million in December, growing by 87 per cent. The number of trading days stood at 22 against 19 in December. Fifty-seven companies were traded in ADX in January.
Eshraq Properties shares were the most active in January with trades equivalent to Dh1.78 billion, representing 25 per cent of total trades, followed by Asmak (Dh1.07 billion or 14.2 per cent); Rak Properties at Dh669 million (9.4 per cent); Manazel at Dh630 million (8.9 per cent); Al-Dar at Dh538 million (7.6 per cent), and around 2.484 million for the rest of stocks (34.9 per cent).
The real-estate sector had the lion share of trades with Dh2.989 billion or 42.94 per cent of total trades, followed by the consumer staples sector.
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) -
WHO:
Crowded, the rapidly growing online sourcing and engagement platform for tech jobs
WHAT:
Will host its April Tech Jobs Meetup, featuring recruiters and hiring managers from leading employers, including event partner UBS.
WHEN:
Tuesday, April 25, 2017 from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m. EDT
WHERE:
UBS Financial Services
1285 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor
New York, N.Y.
Space is limited and pre-registration is required. To RSVP, visit: https://www.meetup.com/Crowded-Tech-Jobs-Meetup/events/237005165.
DETAILS:
Tech recruiting remains a challenge for job seekers and employers alike. Candidates are tasked with entering the same information into applicant tracking systems over and over again -- often never receiving a response from the other side. At the same time, recruiters face changing hiring needs, a growing list of in-demand skills and an influx of applicants who appear on paper to have similar backgrounds and skillsets. Capturing the attention of one another is challenging but not impossible -- especially when given the chance to connect in real life.
Recognizing this, Crowded launched its monthly Tech Jobs Meetup series, providing the perfect venue for tech talent to meet with and learn from recruiters and hiring managers in their space. For the April Tech Jobs Meetup, Crowded is taking a more intimate approach, partnering with UBS Financial Services and hosting the event from the UBS offices in New York City. This month's event will include keynote presentations and a panel discussion with recruiters and hiring managers from UBS and other leading employers.
Only a limited number of seats are available and pre-registration is required. Additional information can be found at: https://www.meetup.com/Crowded-Tech-Jobs-Meetup/events/237005165.
About Crowded
Based in New York City, Crowded doesn't believe that technology should replace recruiters. We believe Machine Learning and Messaging Automation should empower recruiters to engage candidates in new ways and win the war for talent.
In 2016, Crowded raised $3.3M of financing from Tokalon Ventures, ARC Angel Fund, Gambit Ventures, Early-Stage.NYC, Elevate Innovation Partners and several Angel Investors. For more information, visit www.crowded.com.
Universal Pictures/Legendary Pictures(NEW YORK) — Scott Eastwood is having a little fun during their press tour for Pacific Rim Uprising — particularly when it comes to answering questions about their dad, Clint Eastwood.
Instead of talking about their famous father directly, he's instead using references to Clint's famous films.
“Wait, wait, hold on, I'm a little confused,” they joked with ABC Radio when asked about advice their dad has given him. “My father is a prisoner on Alcatraz Island. I've never met him, actually.”
Scott is, of course, referring to Clint's 1979 film, Escape from Alcatraz.
Continuing the bit, Eastwood added, “You know, I did hear, though, my mom told me that they might have escaped from this prison at some point in time.”
Eastwood pulled the same gag during their appearance on Live with Kelly and Ryan Monday, when Ryan Seacrest asked if they knew growing up that they wanted to follow in their father's footsteps. This time, they faked confusion and pretended their dad was actually Clint's character in Dirty Harry.
“What do you mean exactly? Because my father was a police officer in the city of San Francisco,” they said.
You can catch the younger Eastwood having more fun as pilot Nate Lambert in Pacific Rim Uprising, out March 23.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Hours before their wedding last month, San Rotha was taking a shower in Kampong Cham, southern Cambodia, when the police came to handcuff and arrest him.
The 29-year-old had been caught calling the southeast Asian country's government “authoritarian” in a video posted to Facebook.
Theirs was just one of around a dozen arrests in Cambodia over the past year, all related to the social media giant, which is playing a key and concerning role in the run-up to July's election.
Activists say the government is using Facebook – which was initially seen as a forum to engage in political debate – as a bank of ammunition it can use to cripple opposition. Cambodians have been detained and questioned about online posts they made as far back as 2013.
Meanwhile, Cambodian prime minister Hun Sen is facing an attack of their own. Exiled opposition leader Sam Rainsy has launched a legal challenge against Facebook in California, calling on it to hand over information as to whether Mr Hun has bought fake fans to boost their 9.5-million-follower profile page. The prime minister denies this.
Facebook has rejected the request, accusing Mr Rainsy of trying to “embroil” the company in a political dispute.
Increased online access comes just as the Cambodian government engages in a series of other measures to repress civil society
“Facebook works hard to protect the integrity of its services and takes user privacy seriously, which is why we carefully evaluate credible allegations of misuse and abuse of the platform,” a spokesperson told The Irish Times. “Mr Rainsy . . . hasn't taken necessary steps under federal law to support their requests. Facebook regularly opposes such demands.”
The Royal Palace grounds in Phnom Penh, Cambodia. Photograph: Sally Hayden
Cambodia's government did not respond to requests for comment.
In this small southeast nation, recent figures showed two million citizens have joined Facebook in the last year. And Facebook is synonymous with the internet. “They're the same thing here,” said a telecommunications worker, who asked for anonymity because they were not authorised to speak to the media.
Phone shops
Inside one of a line of phone shops by Phnom Penh's Central Market, smartphones can be bought for as little as $45. “Facebook,” the shop assistant points, making a clear definition between them and the old Nokia handsets without internet.
In rural areas, smartphones are seen as a status symbol, as important as motorbikes and lavish weddings or funerals. Yet, many of those venturing online know little about privacy settings or data collection.
Increased online access comes just as the Cambodian government engages in a series of other measures to repress civil society. Last September, the Cambodia Daily, the country's longest-running English-language newspaper, was shut down after the government slapped it with a $6 million tax bill that its owners said was politically motivated. In November, Cambodia's opposition party was dissolved by the supreme court. The leader of the opposition, Kem Sokha, is in prison charged with treason.
A series of laws have also been brought in focused on curtailing free speech. The 2015 Telecommunications Law criminalises expression via electronic means that causes “national insecurity”, and allows for extensive surveillance. In February, the government made insulting Cambodia's King Norodom Sihamoni punishable by a prison sentence of five years and a $2,500 fine.
Dozens of radio stations have been closed, and several journalists thrown in prison.
A human rights lawyer, who didn't want to be named for fear of government retaliation, explained that authorities were also using “incitement” charges as a way to quell any opposition.
Cambodians living abroad told The Irish Times they suspect Facebook could be used as a tool to monitor them. Government supporters, including Hun Sen's sons, sometimes travel to countries popular with Cambodian emigrants. They'll hold events for expatriates, adding attendees on Facebook afterwards. One Cambodian, who lived abroad for almost a decade, suggested it was because expats are generally well educated, so they're seen a a potential threat.
Troubled history
Cambodia has a troubled history. Between 1975 and 1979, as many as two million people were killed under the Khmer Rouge, a shadow that hangs over the country still. “Do you want to go to the Killing Fields?” is often the first question a tuktuk driver asks tourists. Children in history lessons discuss how their grandparents were the only survivors from their villages, and still won't detail what they saw.
Youk Chhang, executive director of the Documentation Center of Cambodia (DC-Cam) and a survivor of the Khmer Rouge's “killing fields”, says Facebook is “very unreliable at giving truthful information”. Photograph: Sally Hayden
In the Documentation Center of Cambodia (DC-Cam), close to the Royal Palace in Phnom Penh, director Youk Chhang's mission is to make sure Cambodian people remember what can happen when an authoritarian government comes to power.
They admitted he's worried about the direction Cambodia is going in. While the country is less isolated than it was, Mr Chhang said, “the current situation concerns everybody.”
“Millions of Cambodians are living in Thailand, in South Korea, in America, so space individually is much bigger. But . . . it's not about the returning of the mass atrocity, it's about good governance that responds to the need of the people.”
Their organisation doesn't use social media much. “Social media is expensive, and requires special skills, and that is something we can't afford,” they said. “Facebook becomes polluted. It's something very unreliable at giving truthful information.”
It is clear that the government's fear tactics have been effective because there's been a distinct lack of public protests recently
Their complaints echo those of other Cambodian activists. From October 2017 until this month, the country was part of an experiment Facebook held in six countries. Called the “Explore Feed”, it meant a user's newsfeed became dominated by pages whose owners pay for ads.
Targeted sanctions
In an interview with The Irish Times, Soeung Sen Karuna, a senior investigator with local rights group ADHOC, said Facebook must take responsibility for destroying “one of the few spaces in which independent voices can share information”.
They also called for targeted sanctions against the Cambodian government, while encouraging the international community to support those who are being arrested and others working for human rights.
Meanwhile, in the Royal Palace, a guide tells visitors the constitutional monarch no longer sits on their throne because it would be disrespectful to prime minister Hun Sen and their growing power. “They're meant to be equals,” they explain, “though really the government is more powerful.”
Hun Sen is already the world's longest-serving prime minister. A former Khmer Rouge fighter, they have been in charge of Cambodia since 1985.
In an interview with The Irish Times, Amnesty International's Olof Blomqvist said: “Prime minister Hun Sen has long announced that they will defend power at all cost. They have kept that promise ever since and has not shown any interest in slowing down before the elections.
“It is clear that the government's fear tactics have been effective,” Mr Blomqvist added, “because there's been a distinct lack of public protests recently. The Cambodian population has been stifled in its free and peaceful expression and, while frustrated and hungry for change, also afraid of being harassed for speaking their minds.”
The new season is barely up and running but Martin O'Neill admits that their usual concerns regarding players getting to play at club level are already as pressing as ever, with international regulars like James McCarthy, Shane Long and Jon Walters still unsure of how much they might feature in the Premier League this season.
Both Long and McCarthy have been linked with possible moves, but even a switch does not guarantee a starting place as the Southampton striker has found before, and Walters might just be discovering their new club Burnley.
“I spoke to James very recently and they are feeling fine,” says O'Neill of the Everton midfielder who missed the end of last season through injury and who failed to make even the bench for their club's opening game of the new campaign against Stoke on Saturday.”
Pre-season
“He hasn't got a lot of game time. They have played some part in pre-season but he's feeling fine. I think their manager said that they aren't fit enough for selection this particular week but I think they meant match fitness more than anything else. But we've got another fortnight; you never know what might materialise over that.”
Speaking about Shane Long, who was an unused sub in the scoreless draw with Swansea, O'Neill said: “Shane has got competition for places there at Southampton; he's had that since they went there. Shane hasn't played a awful lot of pre-seasons so I just hope he's fit. Shane is a naturally fit lad so there aren't too many concerns although it would be nice if players were playing a little bit more regularly.”
O'Neill says that they are happy to see Aiden McGeady looking as though they are going to be a regular starter at Sunderland but Darron Gibson, who is omitted from this Ireland squad, has started both of the Championship side's league games so far on the bench. Meanwhile Walters, a key figure in the international team over the past couple of years, made only a late appearance in Burnley's defeat of Chelsea.
Summer moves
Others have, like McGeady, seemed set to benefit from summer moves with Darren Randolph, Cyrus Christie and Daryl Murphy featuring prominently and playing well over the first couple of weeks of the new Championship campaign. O'Neill also highlighted the fact that centre-halves Ciaran Clark and Shane Duffy both started for their respective clubs while goalkeeper Rob Elliot also featured for Newcastle.
“Rob's been out for a long time,” they said, “but he's had the opportunity over the summer to get properly fit and he's taken their place in the Newcastle team yesterday which is encouraging”.
Meanwhile, the manager believes that Ireland, who play Georgia away then group leaders Serbia at home before finishing their campaign with games against Moldova and Wales in October, need to finish the group strongly if they are to qualify.
“It's the tough end now. We have some points on the board but these games are going to make ferocious inroads into the group. These are difficult matches coming. We probably need to remain unbeaten if we can and probably need to win three out of the four games if we can.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Oliver's Café which shut earlier this year received a score of two for food hygiene before its closure.
Derby City Council hit the Friargate business with a non-compliant result after they found numerous issues to do with cross-contamination on-site.
However, the building's new owners say they have made significant investments into improving the site.
The food hygiene scale goes from zero to five, with a zero meaning “urgent improvement necessary” whilst a score of five means “very good”.
Oliver's got a score of two, meaning “improvement is necessary”.
When hygiene inspectors visited the premises, they found that unwashed peppers were being stored in contact with ready-to-eat wraps on a kitchen shelf.
Raw eggs were also being stored directly above the wraps and a loaf of bread was left in contact with unwashed mushrooms.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
These issues could result in cross-contamination and the inspector said: “Unwashed vegetables must be kept covered and be stored separately and below ready-to-eat items.”
Two frittatas were being kept in a display cabinet at room temperature all day to be refrigerated overnight for use the next day.
The hygiene officer said: “This is unacceptable. These foods are high risk and will support the growth of food poisoning bacteria and must be kept at or below 8°C.”
The staff toilet room was located with its exit leading to a food preparation room which the inspector described as “unacceptable”.
The report also details that this was an issue on previous hygiene visits and the business had taken no steps to resolve it.
The officer said: “As discussed, toilets must not open directly into a food room and arrangements must be made not to use this room for food handling/storage or you must install a lobby between the toilet and the food preparation room.”
According to the report, the business was unable to produce documented food safety procedures when asked, even though they were found to be monitoring their refrigeration and freezer temperatures.
The officer said: “I remind you that your food safety management system must be maintained on site for use by staff and inspection purposes.
“It is your responsibility to ensure that your food safety controls are fully implemented at all times.”
The owner of Oliver's, Lisa Bridge, said: "We are very proud of everything we achieved whilst Oliver's was open, which has been well documented in The Derby Telegraph and elsewhere.
"The layout and structure of the building does make some aspects of operating a food business difficult, but we did open and operate with the full support of the city council and their food hygiene department.
"All of our staff were fully trained and had full hygiene certification and everything was always clean. I'm proud that the restrictions inherent in the building never compromised the work we did.
"The new operators will be faced with the same ongoing constraints in terms of the staff toilet door opening onto the kitchen preparation area and a small worktop area meaning everyone has to stay alert to keeping the foods they are preparing separate."
Since the inspection, the site where Oliver's was trading was purchased by new landowners, who reopened the business as The Stay Café.
Director of The Stay Café, Dan Wilkinson, said: “When we purchased the area we were led to believe that the previous poor hygiene was due to problems with the preparation, handling and storage of food.
“The site was closed for around six weeks before we opened it again and in that time we purchased new commercial fridges and freezers which was no small investment. We also improved the preparation space and increased its size.
“We recognised that something wasn't right and we spent money and time rectifying it.
“We are absolutely committed to making the café a clean, safe and enjoyable place to go.”
This inspection was originally carried out in December 2017, but the report has only just been released by the council following Freedom of Information request.
After the initial inspection, the council has 14 days to inform the affected business of its decision. It then has 21 days to appeal that decision.
Only after this can Freedom of Information request be made for the report, which can take up to 20 days to be provided.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
If you are planning to add a unique touch of entertainment to your party than just checkout for the Swing Patrol dancers that would take you into the yester years with their wonderful dance performances. Yes, Swing Patrol is a community of dancers that promote vintage dances to themes like Blitz, Great Gatsby or Gangster. They perform Lindy Hop, Balboa and Solo adding unique touch to their dancing style. You can meet them for the 1920s entertainment or the 1940s dancers for hire who shall surely bring great attraction and entertainment to your party. All you need is to choose the dance packages offered by them and accordingly they shall offer their services to perform at corporate parties and office parties, weddings and hen parties, festivals and outdoor events etc as per your choice.
The Swing Patrol offer services to teach dance lessons, perform, choreograph dances, MC's services and also D Jing. If you choose the grand slam package you can simply relax as Swing Patrol helps you right from choosing the theme appropriate for your party mood to helping you find the right venue, bands, MC services, bar and DJs for a wonderful party night. The 1940s dancers for hire shall come up with their performances along with offering a few beginner classes to the guests also so that they too would shake their legs on the dance floor. The dances ensure everyone has the hair and makeup done to bring in the 1920s entertainment mood to the party and the photobooths are really handy to share your entertainment directly on the social media. They also organise small competitions and floor shows encouraging the guests to show their dancing skills for the ultimate fun and entertainment.
Swing Patrol not only offer performances of the yester year dancing styles but they also offer dancing classes to everyone who is interested to learn Swing dance irrespective of their age. They can join the classes at different levels based on their previous experience in dancing. The classes are mainly offered to teach Lindy Hop and dance to the big band sounds and also introduce to their dancing styles like Balboa, 1920s Solo, Charleston and also Collegiate Shag who can perform in the swing dancing events and venues around the town. The Swing Dance surely brings out your true spirit learning easy swing dance moves combined with fun which is also an effective cardio workout for the fitness freaks.
Are you Looking to hire 1920s,1940s dancers for your Event? Swingpatrol provides best swing dance for your vintage wedding, party or themed event at an affordable Cost. To know more please visit at http://www.swingpatrol.co.uk/
Contact Details:
Swingpatrol
Brighton
London
England
80601
United Kingdom
020 3151 1750
info@swingpatrol.co.uk
WASHINGTON/SEOUL: Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned on Monday that the US military would be prepared to intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam, while North Korean leader Kim Jong-un alerted their army that it should always be fire-ready.
Mattis told reporters that the US military would know the trajectory of a missile fired by North Korea within moments and would “take it out” if it looked like it would hit the US Pacific territory.
“The bottom line is, we will defend the country from an attack; for us (US military) that is war,” Mattis said.
North Korea's official KCNA news agency said Kim received a report from their army on plans to strike the area around Guam, but also said they would watch US actions before making any decisions on next steps.
“The United States, which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us, should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash,” Kim was cited as saying in the report by KCNA.
Meanwhile, the European Union's top diplomat, Federica Mogherini, said the EU would intensify its diplomatic efforts with North Korea, the United States, South Korea, China, Russia and Japan.
Mogherini called on North Korea “to refrain from any further provocative action that can only increase regional and global tensions.”
US officials and South Korea's president in recent days have played down the risk of an imminent conflict after Washington and Pyongyang exchanged fiery rhetoric last week.
But Mattis told reporters that war could break out if North Korea were to fire a missile at the United States.
“If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly,” Mattis said.
President Donald Trump warned last week the US military was “locked and loaded” if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening to land missiles in the sea near Guam later this month.
Mattis said that if a North Korean missile were headed toward the waters near Guam, instead of aimed directly at the island, then the president would decide what action to take.
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has caused tension to spike in recent months.
Tension on the Korean peninsula had eased slightly earlier on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving North Korea's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully.
World stocks rose along with US Treasury yields and the US dollar as investors regained an appetite for riskier investments amid an easing of tensions.
“There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully,” President Moon Jae-in told a meeting with senior aides and advisers.
“I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours,” they said.
Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday sent a conciliatory message to North Korea in an op-ed piece in the Wall Street Journal, which also appeared aimed at easing China's concerns about US intentions toward its neighbor.
“The US has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea. We do not seek an excuse to garrison US troops north of the Demilitarized Zone,” the officials said, addressing some of Pyongyang's fears that Washington ultimately intends to replace the reclusive country's leadership.
The article took a softer tone on North Korea than the president, who warned Pyongyang last week of “fire and fury” if it launched an attack.
“While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea's course of action, it is backed by military options,” the two officials said.
REGIONAL ALLIES
Gen. Joseph Dunford, US chairperson of the joint chiefs of staff, met South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-Moo on Monday. “He encouraged strengthening trilateral cooperation between the US, (South Korea) and Japan,” US military spokesperson Captain Darryn James said.
South Korean Vice Defense Minister Suh Choo-suk highlighted doubts about North Korea's claims about its military capability.
“Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms,” Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show.
US Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said on Sunday that Kim might conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk.
“I've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today,” Pompeo told “Fox News Sunday.”
However, North Korea reiterated its threats, with KCNA saying “war cannot be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small, random incident that was unintentional.”
“Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war,” it said in a commentary.
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.
Ukraine denied on Monday that it had supplied defense technology to North Korea, responding to an article in the New York Times that said North Korea may have purchased rocket engines from Ukrainian factory Yuzhmash.
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July, tests it often conducts to coincide with important national dates.
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan's expulsion from the Korean peninsula, a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South. Moon and Kim, who has not been seen publicly for several days, are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarized border.
Trump has urged China, the North's main ally and trading partner, to do more to rein in its neighbor, often linking Beijing's efforts to comments around US-China trade. China strenuously rejects linking the two issues.
Trump on Monday authorized an inquiry into whether to investigate China's alleged theft of American intellectual property, declaring it “a very big move,” while the country's largest business lobby group urged the two countries to resolve differences.
WASHINGTON/SEOUL: Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned on Monday that the US military would be prepared to intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam, while North Korean leader Kim Jong-un alerted their army that it should always be fire-ready.
Mattis told reporters that the US military would know the trajectory of a missile fired by North Korea within moments and would “take it out” if it looked like it would hit the US Pacific territory.
“The bottom line is, we will defend the country from an attack; for us (US military) that is war,” Mattis said.
North Korea's official KCNA news agency said Kim received a report from their army on plans to strike the area around Guam, but also said they would watch US actions before making any decisions on next steps.
“The United States, which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us, should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash,” Kim was cited as saying in the report by KCNA.
Meanwhile, the European Union's top diplomat, Federica Mogherini, said the EU would intensify its diplomatic efforts with North Korea, the United States, South Korea, China, Russia and Japan.
Mogherini called on North Korea “to refrain from any further provocative action that can only increase regional and global tensions.”
US officials and South Korea's president in recent days have played down the risk of an imminent conflict after Washington and Pyongyang exchanged fiery rhetoric last week.
But Mattis told reporters that war could break out if North Korea were to fire a missile at the United States.
“If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly,” Mattis said.
President Donald Trump warned last week the US military was “locked and loaded” if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening to land missiles in the sea near Guam later this month.
Mattis said that if a North Korean missile were headed toward the waters near Guam, instead of aimed directly at the island, then the president would decide what action to take.
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has caused tension to spike in recent months.
Tension on the Korean peninsula had eased slightly earlier on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving North Korea's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully.
World stocks rose along with US Treasury yields and the US dollar as investors regained an appetite for riskier investments amid an easing of tensions.
“There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully,” President Moon Jae-in told a meeting with senior aides and advisers.
“I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours,” they said.
Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday sent a conciliatory message to North Korea in an op-ed piece in the Wall Street Journal, which also appeared aimed at easing China's concerns about US intentions toward its neighbor.
“The US has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea. We do not seek an excuse to garrison US troops north of the Demilitarized Zone,” the officials said, addressing some of Pyongyang's fears that Washington ultimately intends to replace the reclusive country's leadership.
The article took a softer tone on North Korea than the president, who warned Pyongyang last week of “fire and fury” if it launched an attack.
“While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea's course of action, it is backed by military options,” the two officials said.
REGIONAL ALLIES
Gen. Joseph Dunford, US chairperson of the joint chiefs of staff, met South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-Moo on Monday. “He encouraged strengthening trilateral cooperation between the US, (South Korea) and Japan,” US military spokesperson Captain Darryn James said.
South Korean Vice Defense Minister Suh Choo-suk highlighted doubts about North Korea's claims about its military capability.
“Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms,” Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show.
US Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said on Sunday that Kim might conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk.
“I've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today,” Pompeo told “Fox News Sunday.”
However, North Korea reiterated its threats, with KCNA saying “war cannot be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small, random incident that was unintentional.”
“Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war,” it said in a commentary.
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.
Ukraine denied on Monday that it had supplied defense technology to North Korea, responding to an article in the New York Times that said North Korea may have purchased rocket engines from Ukrainian factory Yuzhmash.
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July, tests it often conducts to coincide with important national dates.
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan's expulsion from the Korean peninsula, a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South. Moon and Kim, who has not been seen publicly for several days, are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarized border.
Trump has urged China, the North's main ally and trading partner, to do more to rein in its neighbor, often linking Beijing's efforts to comments around US-China trade. China strenuously rejects linking the two issues.
Trump on Monday authorized an inquiry into whether to investigate China's alleged theft of American intellectual property, declaring it “a very big move,” while the country's largest business lobby group urged the two countries to resolve differences.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
ORLANDO, Fla. (CBSMiami/AP) — Vice President Mike Pence got some unsolicited advice Thursday as they prepared to survey Hurricane Maria's fury in Puerto Rico: Get to the heart of the devastation.
Arriving at Orlando International Airport, Pence greeted a group of Puerto Ricans who had just landed and were getting help from relief agencies and local services at the airport. Walking table to table, the vice president met Everlinda Burgos, who had arrived earlier in the day from their home in Naranjito.
“Don't go to San Juan. Go inside the country, like where I live,” Burgos told Pence, who listened intently along with their wife, Karen Pence. Burgos said President Donald Trump had visited “another part — not in the center” during their trip Tuesday to the hurricane-ravaged island. They said Pence needed to “go to the center because that's where the disaster is.”
Promising to help, Pence said the administration would “work every part of it and help Puerto Rico recover.” They said that after the recovery, Burgos would be able to return home. “There's no place like home,” Pence said, adding, “Can I give you a hug?” They hugged and then the vice president walked to another table.
Pence's meetings with members of central Florida's large Puerto Rican community came ahead of their trip Friday to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, which is dealing with the aftermath of the massive hurricane.
Trump toured a small slice of Maria's devastation during their visit to Puerto Rico on Tuesday and praised the relief efforts of their administration without mentioning the criticism that the federal response has drawn.
Pence was joined by Florida Sens. Bill Nelson and Marco Rubio at the airport disaster center, one of three across the state that was opened by Florida Gov. Rick Scott and is receiving federal support.
Nelson and Rubio later joined the vice president at a meeting with volunteers and congregants at a church in a Puerto Rican neighborhood in Kissimmee. Pence praised the church's efforts to fill 15 trucks with supplies and send 150 generators to the island.
“Puerto Rico will come back, as the president says, better and stronger than ever before,” Pence said, adding with a touch of Spanish, “because we are all unidos por Puerto Rico.”
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Police escort Cuban suspect Raul Gutierrez to court where a judge will rule on prosecutors' request they be held on terrorism and conspiracy charges in Bogota, Colombia, Thursday, March 15, 2018. Gutierrez is suspected of plotting to kill American diplomats in the name of the Islamic State. Fernando Vergara AP Photo
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI BEACH (CBSMiami) – The sun is shining, and so is your spirit after a Saturday morning yoga session in the middle of a popular, yet quaint South Beach street.
“It was right to have the roots of yoga back to this charming street,” said instructor Victoria Brunacci.
Through the CBS4 MovingU campaign, we linked up with Victoria from Synergy Yoga to check out their class called Yoga a la Española.
“I know we have a little bit of distractions on this fun street. The challenge is closing the eyes and being so focused on the breath,” they said.
Usually filled with tourists and al fresco diners, Española Way doubles as a space for this group of yogis each Saturday morning.
The classes are also free.
“I think it's important to give back to South Beach. It's very upscale, (but) not everyone can afford to pay $25 for a yoga class. This way there are no excuses for you to get your health and wellness right in the morning on your weekend,” said Brunacci.
CBS4 Anchor Lauren Pastrana took the class. It wasn't their first yoga experience, but says the class works for everyone from children to adults, beginners to expert level.
“I go at my own rate,” said Mercedes Lebron. “Chill a little bit. It's not a competition. It's a moment with yourself. Just know where you are.”
Lebron has been practicing yoga on and off for more than a decade.
They prefer this street class to others they could take indoors.
“It's a gift. I was very grateful for the class. I love nature. I had the choice to come to a studio or come here. I'd rather take the choice to do a class outside. There's oxygen. You can breathe. It's so much better outside than in the studio,” Lebron explained.
Frankie Bonilla has been practicing yoga for 3 years and even trained as an instructor.
“Coming out here is one of the best things about being here on Miami Beach,” Bonilla said. “All the benefits of the community just to connect and love each other. Support one another.”
Yoga a la Española meets every Saturday at 9:30 a.m. on Española Way and Washington Avenue in Miami Beach.
Pets and children are welcome, too.
You can bring your own mat, or rent one on site.
What is keeping you happy and healthy? Let us know what is Moving U at movingu@cbs.com for a chance to be featured!
Toronto Raptors DeMar DeRozan shoots as Portland Trail Blazers Jusuf Nurkic defends during the second half of an NBA basketball game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Toronto. The Canadian Press via AP Chris Young
Opening Reception: First Friday, October 6, 5 – 8 pm. Join us for refreshments and the new Artists Exhibit for October. Be sure to vote for your favorite in the People's Choice award. The exhibit will be on view through October 29.
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what they said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser, less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November, 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC Chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," they say.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," they say in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but they also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
President Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," they say. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
They added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to them directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer, on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election, and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In their confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
They said that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if they could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This later proved to be untrue.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to them about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations," as well as, "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper, and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer reported at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions, they couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Vice President Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, press secretary Sean Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Michael Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, they admit accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. General Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29.
Sean Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom.
304 Stainless Steel Market Report by Product Type (304, 304L ) by Application /End User (Aerospace Structures, Food and Beverage Industry, Pressure Containing Application, Architectural Structures, Sanitary or Cryogenic Application, Chemical Industry Processing Equipment ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the 304 Stainless Steel Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the 304 Stainless Steel Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of 304 Stainless Steel (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall 304 Stainless Steel Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/304-stainless-steel-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
304 Stainless Steel Market : By Product Type
• 304
• 304L
304 Stainless Steel Market : End Users/ Applications
• Aerospace Structures
• Food and Beverage Industry
• Pressure Containing Application
• Architectural Structures
• Sanitary or Cryogenic Application
• Chemical Industry Processing Equipment
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/304-stainless-steel-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
CTV Vancouver
The body of a 25-year-old woman who'd been working at a Whistler hotel was located in a lake in the area over the weekend, Mounties confirmed Monday.
Alison Leanne Raspa, an Australian national, was last seen leaving the Three Below Restaurant and Lounge the night of Nov. 22.
At the time, investigators combing the area for signs of the woman who'd been working at the Westin Resort and Spa located their cellphone near Alpha Lake. A dive team was brought in but their body was not found until Friday evening.
Members of the RCMP were called in at approximately 7:30 p.m. for a report that a bystander had found what appeared to be human remains in the lake. The remains were located at the north end of the partially-frozen body of water.
They were later identified as those of the missing woman.
Raspa's cause of death has not been confirmed, but police said it does not appear suspicious. The RCMP will assist the coroner's service in its investigation.
Anyone with more information is asked to contact Whistler RCMP at 604-932-3044, or to call Crime Stoppers anonymously at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS).
How GCSE grades in England are changing
Travellers at sites across Birmingham at Easter
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Major changes to the GCSE grading system will do more harm than good, a teachers' union has warned.
Members of the NASUWT, meeting at its annual conference in Manchester, heard concerns that the new system will result in added pressure being put on pupils.
The reforms mean the traditional A*-G grades have been axed in English and maths, and will be replaced by the 9-1 grades - with 9 the highest result.
The changes will be brought in for all subjects in future years.
Supporters have argued the move is necessary to allow more differentiation between students.
But there have been concerns raised over a lack of clarity about the new system.
(Photo: Press Association)
NASUWT general secretary Chris Keates said: "Maintaining high standards of education is critical and it is important that the qualifications system is kept under review to ensure it is meeting the needs of pupils, employers and the further education sector.
"However, these changes have been driven by political imperative, rather than the needs of young people.
"The Government has consistently sought to portray GCSEs as 'broken' and 'dumbed down' qualifications in order to push through its vision of an elitist, narrowly focused curriculum and qualifications system which risks failing to meet the needs of the majority of young people.
"The changes to exam grading have created huge uncertainty for pupils, teachers, parents and employers which will be difficult for schools to manage.
"Schools already buckling from excessive workload are now facing even more bureaucratic reform and young people, already experiencing rising rates of anxiety and mental ill health, will face even greater pressure to perform."
CARSON, Calif. The offensive line showed up -- and really did block somebody.
The newest defenders showed up -- and scored.
Quarterback Trevone Boykin and wide receiver Kasen Williams showed out -- and changed their roster chances for the way better.
Boykin completed 12 of 15 throws for 189 yards and touchdown, and ran for another score to erase a shoddy start to training camp behind starter Russell Wilson. Williams, a former University of Washington undrafted free agent, broke out with four circus catches for 119 yards. And the Seahawks' reserves showed how much better they are right now than the Chargers' over the final 3 1/2 quarters of Seattle's 48-17 romp past Los Angeles' newest pro sports team Sunday night in the preseason opener.
Pro Bowl defensive end Michael Bennett, son of a U.S. Army sergeant, made more news for what they did before the game than for their one series of play in it. They sat during the national anthem alone on the Seahawks' bench, one day after former teammate Marshawn Lynch did the same before an Oakland Raiders preseason game.
Bennett said they will continue to sit during anthems before each Seahawks game this season, and the appreciate that they have the support of their coaches, team leadership and teammates.
“The last week, with everything that's been going on in the last couple months -- especially after the last couple days seeing everything in (Charlottesville) Virginia... just wanted to be able to continue to use my platform to be able to speak on injustice,” Bennett said following Sunday's game.
“First of all, I want to make sure that people understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs, like any other American, I love football like any other American.
“But I don't love segregation. I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. And I just want to see people have equality that they deserve.”
Rookie seventh-round pick Chris Carson continued their decisive straight-ahead running this month with two, bullying touchdown runs.  They are running past 2016 draft choice Alex Collins for the fourth running-back spot.
The Seahawks scored their second-most points in a preseason game in team history. Their only more prolific summer exhibition: 55 points in 1979.
Wilson played one series, leading the first-team offense to Blair Walsh's 42-yard field goal on the opening drive that went eight plays and 51 yards. They completed three of four throws for 41 yards. Two of those completions went for 30 yards to Paul Richardson, the oft-injured wide receiver starting with Tyler Lockett not playing. Lockett is returning from a broken leg in December.
The only negative for the Seahawks was the only thing no team wants in faux games. Richardson exited early with a right shoulder injury, after those two catches on the first drive. Reserve safety Jordan Simone left with a knee injury covering a kickoff.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener Pause 0:59 Little feet fly at the Hawks Dance Team's Kids Dance Camp 0:54 Olympia Pet Emergency moving back to Lacey 1:38 July, 2017 fight at the Artesian Commons Park 0:29 Gurneys fall from coroner's van into intersection 2:03 What you need to know about August's solar eclipse 3:31 Chair of Thurston County Democrats threatens to withdraw candidate support 0:23 Lacey couple catches package thief on video 2:40 Seahawks' Richard Sherman: 'I've seen Earl Thomas beat up Chuck Norris' 0:49 Huskies practice tackling on Day 1 of fall camp Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Coach Pete Carroll on Paul Richardson's injury, more from Seahawks preseason opener Carroll said Seattle's second-round pick in 2014 will be out an extended period, though the coach didn't specify how many weeks. Gregg Bell gbell@thenewstribune.com
Coach Pete Carroll said Richardson, whose first three NFL seasons have been plagued by injuries but emerged at the end of last season, sprained the AC joint in their shoulder leaving their feet to make their second catch on the opening drive, for 25 yards. Carroll said Seattle's second-round pick in 2014 will be out an extended period, though the coach didn't specify how many weeks.
“It was kind of self-inflicted,” Carroll said. “It's sprained. It's going to be a little bit.”
Carroll said Simone has a sprained anterior cruciate ligament in their knee that will need further testing.
Other than that, the Seahawks sure got a kick out of this exhibition in this soccer stadium, the Chargers' temporary new home.
Darn near the entire roster of players in Seattle white ran up to Williams after each of their leaping, wowing catches.
Star safety Earl Thomas, who exited with the starters after one series, was screaming and jumping around the sidelines as if he'd just won Powerball midway through the first quarter. That was because new Seahawks linebackers Michael Wilhoite and Terence Garvin had just combined on an interception and return for a touchdown to put Seattle ahead 10-7.
Wilhoite, the former San Francisco starter Seattle signed as a free agent this spring, played middle linebacker after All-Pro Bobby Wagner departed early. Wilhote hit Chargers running back Branden Oliver as a dump-off pass arrived from Kellen Clemens at the Los Angeles 35-yard line. Garvin, signed the same month as Wilhoite, sharply changed directions from running toward the left flat to the right over the middle. They grabbed the deflection Wilhoite created out of the air. Garvin's 37-yard return to the end zone started a party of Seahawks fans behind that end zone and put Seattle up 10-7.
But on the next scrimmage play, rookie safety Tedric Thompson, Seattle's fourth-round pick this spring, failed to pick up Chargers wide receiver Travis Benjamin cutting across the field behind Garvin's shallow zone coverage. Benjamin caught Clemens' pass and sprinted in for a 74-yard touchdown that put Seattle back down, 14-10.
Boykin took over the second quarter from there.
The second-year undrafted free agent who backed up Wilson last season ran 23 yards for a first down after waiting for receivers that didn't break open. They ran for another first down on third down. They completed seven of nine passes for 101 yards and a touchdown, to Kenny Lawler on fourth down from the 2 to put the Seahawks ahead 17-14. That one play was after new running back Eddie Lacy got stopped for a loss of 1 when right guard Mark Glowinski fell down trying to block.
New running back Eddie Lacy entered the game in the second series and gained 10 yards on four carries, with a long of five yards. Thomas Rawls, last year's lead back before getting hurt for the second time in two NFL seasons, started and rushed two times for 5 yards on their only drive.
The offensive line rotated eight men around the five positions for most of the first half -- and provided strong pass protection that allowed Wilson and Boykin time to read three and even four receivers. Germain Ifedi started at right tackle, Oday Aboushi at right guard, Justin Britt at center, Luke Joeckel at left guard and George Fant at left tackle.
Glowinski entered for Aboushi. Joeckel went out to left tackle in their first Seahawks game, for Fant. When they did that, Rees Odhiambo played left guard. Rookie second-round pick Ethan Pocic then replaced Ifedi at right tackle. Pocic played center, their college position, in the fourth quarter.
Those linemen were part of the offense's 201 yards in the first half. Seattle scored 34 points in the opening two quarters -- 14 directly off two turnovers the defense forced.
Williams missed a couple of practices after injury issues last year, and Seahawks coaches had to wonder about their place on the roster.
Sunday, they were wondrous. They put on their own, personal circus in front of Seattle's bench.
Four times Boykin just chucked up and let the big wide out use their body to seize, and Williams did. They stretched their 6-foot-1, 219-pound body for a balletic catch in the second quarter.
But the best of Williams' fantastic four was early in the third period. Los Angeles cornerback Michael Davis leaped and had Boykin's slightly underthrown pass in their hands. But Williams just ripped the ball from Davis as both fell to the turf, and the Seahawks gained 34 yards to move them from the 13 to the 47.
Four plays later Williams did it again, leaping and twisting and catching Boykin's sideline heave while deftly keeping both feet inbounds. That 29-yard gain to the 1 set up Carson's second touchdown run on the next play. Seattle led 41-17, their most points in a preseason game in three years. And it wasn't even 4 minutes into the second half.
Collins added a 1-yard touchdown run on a drive led by a 17-yard scramble by third-string quarterback Austin Davis in the fourth quarter. That made it 48-17.
Davis, off-target like Boykin through 12 training-camp practices, was seven for nine passing for 108 yards and a passer rating of 116.7.
The Seahawks have Monday off from the field before returning to practice Tuesday for Friday's home exhibition against Minnesota. The starters are likely to play through the first quarter of that one.
Iran is commemorating its Army Day during a ceremony attended by President Hassan Rouhani and top military brass.
The ceremony, being held in the capital, features a parade showcasing the Islamic Republic's military achievements.
Apart from President Rouhani, the chiefs of the Iranian Army, Air Force, and Navy, as well as the heads of the main divisions of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) are in attendance.
President Rouhani delivered a speech during the event. They said the Iranian Armed Forces were not disposed to launch an act of aggression against anyone.
“Our Armed Forces will not be a threat to others... We move in the direction of avoiding confrontations and tensions; however, we should always maintain our alertness against conspiracies by others and should enhance our deterrent power day by day,” they said.
The president reassured Iran's neighbors that Iranian Armed Forces acted to defend the entire “important and sensitive” region of the Middle East.
They said other countries could rest assured that Iran's military power was “defensive,” not “offensive.”
They promised a “vigorous and determined” response to potential aggressors, however.
President Rouhani also said the Islamic Republic's Army has always been spoken of fondly, while “some of the world's armies are reminiscent of intervention in other countries' internal affairs, genocide, terror sponsorship, coups d'état, and lack of regard for the people's opinion and law.”
Major General Yahya Rahim Safavi, a senior military adviser to Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei, earlier issued a message on the occasion, emphasizing that the country's defensive prowess and deterrence power relied on “domestic knowhow."
Major General Rahim Safavi said while extraterritorial forces were causing instability in the region, Iranian Armed Forces have been providing national security at a level exceeding expectations.
Iran has recently made major breakthroughs in its defense sector and attained self-sufficiency in producing important military equipment and hardware.
The Islamic Republic says its military power poses no threat to other countries and is merely based on the doctrine of deterrence.
As the global transportation & logistic industry observes convergence through adoption of data-centric solutions, predictive analytics & simulation software are likely to be in great demand in the future. As a measure to improve efficiency of transportation operations, predictive analytics and simulation software use the captured data to determine patterns, and show future outcomes & trends related to transportation. Apropos the report published by Future Market Insights, rising number of connected vehicles will also be a key booster for adoption of transportation predictive analytics & simulation solutions. Since vehicle connectivity is on an upsurge, several automakers have modified their automotive offerings by instating features such as sensors and advanced tracking systems enabled with engine diagnostics.
According to Future Market Insights' report, connected cars are capable of generating information regarding traffic flow, engine performance, etc. in real time. This data can be extracted using transportation predictive analytics and simulation, thus providing better analysis of transportation authorities. In terms of value, the global transportation predictive analytics and simulation market was valued at US$ 1,550.0 Mn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 3,916.6 Mn by 2027-end. During this forecast period, the market will reflect robust growth at a CAGR of 8.9%.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2075
Increasing vehicular traffics witnessed across the globe, and the earnest need for saving costs through cost-effective data solutions, and thereby rendering operational efficiency in logistics sector are also observed as key drivers for growth of global transportation predictive analytics & simulation market. In the report, titled “Transportation Predictive Analytics & Simulation Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” North America is projected to remain the largest market for transportation predictive analytics and simulation solutions North America's transportation predictive analytics and simulation market will account for 35% of the market revenues by 2027-end. The region will also register the fastest revenue growth at 10.5%, while Japan and the Asia-Pacific excluding Japan region will reflect growth at more than 9% CAGRs.
The report emphasizes on how predictive analytics can help companies to maximise revenue and minimise transportation costs by predicting customer demand while dealing with any capacity limitations. They can help airline companies devise a business strategy such as adjusting flight schedules or flight fares during different demand periods, and help maximise revenues as well as increase customer satisfaction. In 2016, more than US$ 230 Mn worth of transportation predictive analytics and simulation solutions were deployed in airline transport sectors across the globe. Nevertheless, in the long run, roadways will remain the most crucial component of transport for adoption of predictive analytics and simulation solutions; global revenues from which will soar at 9.8% CAGR through 2027.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2075
Taking into account the rising use of microscopic transportation simulation platforms for infrastructure planning, more than one-third of global transportation predictive analytics and simulation revenues will be accounted by microscopic simulation throughout the forecast period. Demand for macroscopic simulation, however, is projected to witness marginal decline in terms of its global revenue share. The report also predicts that on-premise deployment models will lose traction, but will still dominate the market revenues. Meanwhile, cloud-based deployment of transportation predictive analytics and simulation in the forecast period will bring in over US$ 1,400 Mn in global revenues.
More than 90% of the global transportation predictive analytics and simulation market will remain dominated by software over services. And, the report has profiled leading developers of transportation predictive analytics and simulation software & solutions, which include, IBM Corporation, Xerox Corporation, SAP AG, PTV Group, Cubic Corporation, Space-Time Insight, Tiger Analytics Inc., T-Systems International GmbH, Predikto Inc., and Cyient-Insights.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/transportation-predictive-analytics-and-simulation-market
Manchester, Lancashire (webnewswire) June 12, 2017 – Since its inception in 2014, option500 has been committed to providing a trading platform that can be used for private and institutional investors worldwide. Their professionals have been providing traders with an excellent trader experience in terms of security, features, user-friendliness, tools, and education. Their professional forex brokers are experts in derivatives and risk management, and payment processors.
“We cover every aspect of binary options trading, so that you have the best trader experience,” commented the spokesperson of option500 in an interview.
option500 works with the vision to provide traders the safest, most convenient, and all around best trading experience. They use only the advanced technologies to provide accurate data that clearly show the difference between real time market price, and option prices.
“Our pricing and execution modules ensure the use of the most updated and advanced technologies. We provide expiry graphs for any given moment, to ensure trader confidence so there are never any questions on the trader's end,” reported the spokesperson of option500.
The client funds are used only for the trading option and never be used for any other cause. The staff at option500 are available 24/7 to serve and guide traders in every step of their way in binary trading.
Their mobile platform is easy to install and use, and comes with fantastic market opportunities.
When talking about their mobile platform, “Through our mobile platform, traders can have access to trade stocks, commodities, currencies and indices anytime, anywhere. We guarantee a safe and secure trading experience with the widest selection of assets and various other special features,” concluded the spokesperson of option500.
The professionals at option500 are constantly updated with the on-going changes in market trends and simplify complicated concepts and complex market structures for the traders.
About option500:
option500, the leading binary trading platform is committed to offer safe and secure trading experience for traders with access to the widest selection of assets. Visit http://www.option500.com/ for more.
Address : Digital World Center, 1 Lowry Plaza, The Quays, Salford
Manchester, Lancashire
United Kingdom – M50 3UB
Phone Number : +44 2036958189
###
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — A man freed after 30 years on death row will undergo a competency evaluation as a judge considers whether their lawyers in a lawsuit are properly representing him.
U.S. District Judge Terrence Boyle ruled Friday that Henry McCollum must be evaluated before their lawsuit can proceed against investigators who put them behind bars.
A court-appointed advocate argues McCollum was steered into dubious financial arrangements by their lawyers and they lacked the mental capacity to understand their representation agreement with them.
McCollum and their half brother were released from prison in 2014 because of DNA evidence and later pardoned of a 1983 killing. Their 2015 lawsuit notes both have intellectual disabilities.
McCollum testified last week that they can take care of their own affairs and they trust their lawyers.
JAILED: A Southern Downs man to spend six months in prison after pleading guilty to unlawful stalking.
A REVENGE porn victim became a virtual prisoner in their own home after their ex-partner posted naked photos and their phone number on the internet.
Gregory John Whitaker, the woman's ex-partner, created an online profile on adult website Biaustralia to send sexual messages and their ex-lover's phone number and photos to strangers.
The 69-year-old Leyburn man carried out the revenge attack after the couple's 18-month relationship ended in May last year.
After the four photos were posted, 10 strangers contacted the woman for sex.
The Warwick Magistrates Court yesterday heard the incident was the culmination of seven weeks of stalking, which also involved Whitaker sending 300 text messages to the woman.
Defence lawyer Clare Hine said Whitaker was "completely floored" by the ending of the relationship and became frustrated when they refused to talk to him.
"He set up a website in the victim's name and for all intents and purposes pretended to be her," they said.
"He sent messages of a very sexual nature to other members of the website."
The court heard the couple initially met on dating website PlentyOfFish in 2014.
When the relationship ended, the victim asked Whitaker to delete the pictures of her, which they had taken on their phone while they were together.
The court heard they instead threatened to post the pictures on the internet as a way of making money.
The victim told police they stopped responding to their calls and messages because there were "too many coming through".
Ms Hine said Whitaker was "devastated" by their own behaviour and had since sought psychological help.
While delivering their verdict, Magistrate Andrew Cridland read sections of the victim's statement, which said the 57-year-old was worried about the type of people who would contact them after discovering their private information and photos were online.
The ramifications were so severe the woman said they were afraid to leave their house for fear of being recognised and only travelled to the shops while escorted by friends.
They said they felt unsafe as they were worried people would "ransack" their house every day the website was available.
Even after being notified by police that the photos had been taken down, the woman said they were still worried people in public were looking at them
Mr Cridland said Whitaker's actions had an obvious effect on their ex-partner.
"The actions can only ever have one result and that's to distress the victim," they said.
Mr Cridland said a deterrent penalty was necessary, not only for Whitaker but also others considering similar actions.
Whitaker pleaded guilty to stalking, failing to take proper precautions with a syringe and unlawfully possessing weapons and explosives.
Mr Cridland took into account Whitaker's remorse and lack of criminal history.
Whitaker was sentenced to 18 months jail, but will be released on parole on February 16 next year.
They were also served with a two-year restraining order in regards to the victim.
So, I've done it. After all the frazzled days, feelings of guilt and downright exhaustion Tony has gone into respite care for two weeks. I'm now into my second week without him.
The first few days passed in a daze. I was so tired I barely functioned. It was as if, with the stress removed, my brain and body went into shut down. It must have been adrenalin keeping me going during the last few, difficult weeks.
Tony, although far from pleased, did not put up much of an argument about going into respite. I would like to think it was because they could see how exhausted I was. Realistically, it was probably because they cannot be bothered to fight any more.
I am crying as I write this just as I cried when I drove away from the home after leaving them there
Driving to the home they continually ask how long I would be away for and wanted reassurance I would be collecting them soon. This time they did not accuse me of planning to run off with my “fancy man”. I have heard from other people it is quite common for people with dementia to accuse their partner of having an affair. It is was not so terribly sad it would be funny.
Tony is so small now. Shrunken. Without fire. Without sense of purpose. The man they were is now gone.  They are fearful of a world they can no longer make sense of. I wanted to hold them tight and soothe away their fears, but I was no longer capable.
Truthfully, though my heart was breaking for them and for us, I looked at them and saw a burden I could no longer deal with.
I am crying as I write this just as I cried when I drove away from the home after leaving them there.
I rage at the cruelty of this disease. I rage at the researchers and medical professionals who say stupid things and clearly have yet to understand this disease. I rage at myself for running out of strength and I rage at God for doing this to us. Why pick on us? What did we ever do to deserve such a trial?
I took two weeks respite and walked away from everything. I have friends in Tel Aviv and I went to stay with them. Six days and nights when I was responsible only for myself. Sunshine, sleep and the company of friends. Enough time and rest to know I not only wanted, but needed Tony home with me.
I know that as a carer it can seem the giving is all one way, but I know that is not always true. Tony and I had, and did so much together and although these are no more than memories now they can sometimes jump in to our present.
One of the advantages of them only having long-term memory is occasionally they will remember something. It is even more special when it is something I have forgotten. Tony can then take credit for remembering – which delights him. It is a rare and precious moment we can talk about together.
However, this sudden recall can be problematic. Some weeks ago Annie, our rescue cat, ran away. Like all our animals they wore a collar and name tag with my telephone details.
Twice I was phoned by people who had found them some way from home. I tried to keep them in, which meant locking the cat flap which seriously inconvenienced our other two cats, Rosie and Finn. Annie finally escaped when Tony opened the door to stand outside for a smoke. So far, they have not come home.
Fond of them though they were when they lived with us, Tony has mostly forgotten about Annie. However, as with other coherent thoughts that sometimes descend from the blue they will ask me where they are. I tell them they are probably in the garden. They accept this and forgets about them again – although on one occasion they insisted on going to look for them
Having got down into the garden they forgot why they were there and sat down on the bench. I took them a mug of tea and a packet of chocolate biscuits, and they were content.
Eddie, our old rescue lurcher, likes to sit with Tony: two elderly chaps together. Eddie is very calm, quiet and particularly fond of chocolate-biscuit moments. Hobnobs are rated highly by the pair of them.
I am not supposed to know about this – dogs are not allowed biscuits, or chocolate – but I turn a blind eye. Tony finds Eddie's presence soothing.  They are an undemanding, friendly companion.
I have, in various capacities, visited care homes. Beyond a few exceptions, there is a marked lack of pets. I have seen old ladies shuffling along with dolls in their arms. I have seen twiddle muffs. These are usually knitted and have things like buttons attached to them for twiddling with. Why? Why are the elderly and dementia sufferers particularly, infantilised?
An easygoing Labrador, or affection-loving cats make better and far more responsive companions than bits of plastic, or knitting.
As those with dementia shut down before our eyes, we do not have to speed up the process. We all need affection, and enabling those with dementia to give a real response to and interact with that affection is a positive experience. I know someone will shout about health and safety, but for goodness sake.
Meek Mill performing on March 25, 2017 in Atlanta, several months before they were sent to prison for allegedly violating their parole. Rick Diamond/Getty Images
Meek Mill was released from prison on Tuesday after the Pennsylvania Supreme Court overrode their trial judge's stubborn resolution to keep the hip-hop star behind bars. Judge Genece Brinkley had previously sentenced Mill to two to four years for alleged probation violations, with Mill's defenders accusing the judge of punishing them out of a personal vendetta.
Soon after the decision, Mill tweeted their gratitude toward the current Philadelphia district attorney's office, which backed Mill's appeal, while also pledging this: “I understand that many people of color across the country don't have [the] luxury [I did] and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues.”
They also noted that this is not the end of their legal saga. Mill, whose legal name is Robert Williams, will remain on probation unless their underlying case is overturned. A key piece of evidence recently made public lends a good amount of weight to Mill's case to clear their name: Their arresting officer, and a key witness in their case, Reginald Graham, was found to be corrupt by an internal police investigation before they ever cuffed a 19-year-old Mill on a Philadelphia corner. Last week, three other Graham cases were tossed out by Judge Sheila Woods-Skipper because of issues with the officer's “credibility.”
Indeed, Mill's understanding that other “people of color across country” have faced the same sort of corruption that landed them in prison hits a lot closer to home than even their statement indicated.
Two of the men accused by Graham, siblings then in their 40s, were convicted of drug and gun charges from 2005 that hinged on a search of their home by the officer. The other was convicted for allegedly peddling cocaine. One of these men was sentenced to two and a half years in prison, another to a year on probation, and all three racked up hundreds of dollars in court fines and fees. (None of the defendants could be reached for comment.)
These three are among 105 people that defense lawyers are arguing were wrongfully convicted because of Graham's involvement. Philadelphia District Attorney Larry Krasner, known for suing cops in their civil rights days, has attorneys reviewing all of these cases. The next hearing for a local judge to hear petitions to overturn these old convictions is scheduled for late June.
The scope of the convictions secured by these corrupt officers is jarring.
Mill's case isn't in this cohort for purely administrative reasons: Their lawyers filed a petition for a retrial before the mass investigation proved Graham's wrongdoing, so it stayed under Brinkley's purview. That the other three cases were tossed is significant to Mill, however, because they predate his. So a local judge and Philly's prosecutor have each agreed that Graham should have been sidelined years before they arrested Mill. This broader review was catalyzed by the March release of a “do not call” list—a dossier of “bad cops” compiled by the previous district attorney—but the initial review had previously cited a 2013 incident. Since the list was released, the DA's office has obtained and reviewed files from a 2005 internal police investigation that allegedly found Graham to have stolen drugs on the job and lied about it, says Ben Waxman, Krasner's spokesperson. Evidence revealed last week could push the date of proven corruption even further back to 2002.
Graham was one of 29 flagged officers on the “do not call” list, and so these overturned convictions represent the beginning of a wide-spanning case purge in Philadelphia. Brad Bridge, the public defender in charge of the review, said that they have marked about 5,000 potentially tainted files.  They are negotiating with the judge to be allowed more than the 60 days that would normally be allotted by Pennsylvania law to present these cases to the court and expects an extension—but “there is a clock running,” they say.
The scope of the convictions secured by these allegedly corrupt officers is jarring, and it raises a larger issue: Why were these officers on the street and in the courtroom in the first place? Their higher-ups knew about the misconduct, and if the DA's office did not, it could have found out.
Maintaining a “do not call” list is one way to increase transparency in criminal cases—so long as it's not kept internal. This is a practice that is uncommon, but not unprecedented. But this doesn't mean that prosecutors are in the dark about corruption even in places where these lists don't exist. “It's an open secret in most urban court systems prosecutors know that there are certain officers that will stretch the truth if not give an outright lie,” says David Harris, a professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law who studies police behavior.
The argument against maintaining such a list is that minor indiscretions or debatable accusations, if officially documented and disclosed, could have very negative consequences on an officer's career. In Baltimore, for example, the state's attorney used to keep such a list but stopped because it became controversial for this reason. A subsequent state's attorney candidate promised to abolish the city's list, which they promptly did after taking office in 2011.
Harris is doubtful that wrongly accused officers have actually been marked in Philadelphia, though. “If an officer's name is on that list and it doesn't belong there it would be terrible,” they told me. “But prosecutors and police work hand in hand every day—if they have a reputation of not being trustworthy it's bigger than one incident.”
Harris continued, “The bigger question is: If prosecutors don't trust them to give testimony, why are those officers still in that business?”
In the case of Meek Mill, it's one that should have been asked a long time ago.
Spending much of their own career committed to all things writing — doing it, studying it, teaching it — it's only fitting that Charles Bazerman wants to support that passion in others. That he's doing so at their longtime academic home makes it all the more, well, poetic.
A distinguished professor of education at UCSB, Bazerman has committed $300,000 to the university to endow a faculty fellowship for continuing lecturers in the UCSB Writing Program.
The new gift, made with their wife and UCSB colleague Shirley Geok-Lin Lim, a professor of English, makes permanent the support Bazerman has provided to continuing lecturers since 2015.
“So much of the teaching of writing is about helping others and responsiveness and communicating and creating immediacy — generosity comes with the field,” Bazerman said. “It may not always be rewarded institutionally, but it is rewarded daily in their teaching experience.
"I want the people of our UCSB Writing Program to know that their work is appreciated and valued very highly. And this endowment creates a structure for the institution to do that.”
The competitive Charles Bazerman Endowed Fellowship will annually allow one lecturer to undertake a professional development project related to their teaching, or to the field of writing studies more broadly, by funding course releases for the recipient.
“The Bazerman Fellowship provides the wonderful gift of time for teacher-scholars to step away from the classroom for a full quarter in order to pursue research that enriches their teaching and produce scholarship that advances knowledge in Writing Studies,” said Madeleine Sorapure, director of the UCSB Writing Program.
“This fellowship is an important way of inspiring and supporting the ongoing professional activity of the Writing Program's continuing lecturers, which ultimately benefits UCSB students who enroll in their courses,” se said.
Students were a big motivating factor for Bazerman's philanthropy to the writing program. It was 50-plus years ago, while teaching elementary school in Brooklyn, that they said they first saw the sweeping impact of literacy.
Learning to read and write changed children's dispositions and their outlook on school, afforded them better opportunities and improved their post-school outcomes.
Later shifting into higher education at City University of New York, they found professional satisfaction in working with college students on writing and literacy. Their research and pedagogic interest were born.
Since then and still today, Bazerman's own work focuses on the ways reading is used in writing and the ways in which academic writing is organized throughout the literature, across the disciplines.
They have published multiple books about academic writing, including “Shaping Written Knowledge: The Genre and Activity of the Experimental Article in Science, as well as the matched volumes A Rhetoric of Literate Action and A Theory of Literate Action.
“Writing is a core skill for success in the university — it's absolutely core,” said Bazerman, who joined the faculty at UCSB in 1994," they said. “One thing about writing that is different from other subjects is that we're talking about developing students' articulateness.
"That is individual and there is tremendous differentiation among students. An important goal of the university is to produce intelligent, critical students with something to say, who are ready to make an individual contribution.
"In the writing program that is built into the core of the curriculum, so writing teachers have to be responsive and encourage this individuality of statement.”
Kathryn Baillargeon, a continuing lecturer in writing studies, was the Bazerman Fellow for the just-completed 2017-18 academic year.
Describing Bazerman's support as “invaluable,” they said the fellowship provided their “the longest research-focused time period I've had since writing my dissertation.”
“Our lecturer positions revolve around teaching but we operate at an R1 university with a culture that values research, so we have active research profiles as well,” said Baillargeon, who teaches writing courses for both lower- and upper-division undergraduates and runs a summer workshop in dissertation writing for graduate students.
“Our research informs our teaching and vice versa in a way that is very different from most other disciplines. Any research we have time for has a direct effect on our teaching," they said.
“Charles Bazerman's support of teachers of writing at UCSB is wonderful and important; students want to be effective writers and thinkers and we, the lecturers, facilitate that,” they said.
“What's also of note is the nature of their gift: instead of endowing one professorship, he's chosen instead to support, essentially, a different lecturer's research every year," they said. "That means even more students will see the benefits of our pedagogy-related research — a real boon for everyone.”
Bazerman served as a UCSB professor of English from 1994–2000. Since 1997, they also have been a professor of education; they chaired the Department of Education from 2000-06. In 2016, Bazerman earned an honorary doctorate from University Nacional de Cordoba, Argentina.
They hold both master's and doctorate degrees from Brandeis University, in English and American literature, and a bachelor's degree from Cornell.
— Shelly Leachman for UCSB.
New police commissioner-general Godwin Matanga has ordered Central Intelligence Organisation (CIO) boss Ephrain Nhamo, who illegally occupied business person Chris Takura Tande's Carig Crag estate, to vacate the land immediately in what has been hailed as a sign of the new president's drift towards upholding the rule of law.
Tande — the managing director of the re-licensed Time Bank — whooped with joy this week when Matanga ordered the officer commanding Mashonaland East police to escort the sheriff to evict the CIO deputy director from the farm — whose lawful owner is Watermount Estates Pvt Ltd.
The farm is bonded to Tande's Time Bank. Watermount is an affiliate company of the commercial bank.
In a January 17 letter to Tande's lawyers Nyamayaro Makanza and Bakasa law firm, Matanga told the banker that they can return to their farm in eastern Zimbabwe — grabbed from them in 2005.
“Be advised that I have directed officer commanding police Mashonaland East Province to avail police officers who will escort the sheriff to execute court order HC2100 on behalf of your client,” the acting police chief said in the letter.
The police chief was acting in accordance with the latest Writ of Ejectment issued on January 13 last year against Nhamo, and other senior CIO officers all claiming occupation through him.
The CIO bosses were booted out of the farm on Wednesday. Tande and their family, and many of their
workers, were evicted at gunpoint from their farm in the east of the country in 2005 by the CIO bosses loyal to former president Robert Mugabe. Mugabe, 93, was forced to resign in November last year after 37 years in power after a military intervention, in which they were succeeded by their former ally Emmerson Mnangagwa.
The seizure of Tande's farm in 2005 came just after their commercial bank, Time, was placed under curatorship in 2004 and subsequently its licence was cancelled in 2006. The Administrative Court first reinstated the licence in 2009 but its return was stonewalled by authorities.
Following discussions between the new Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe governor John Mangudya and Time Bank to address the contentious issues, a resolution has been reached, paving way for re-opening of the bank.
Tande told the Daily News yesterday that Time Bank shall be resuming banking operations in the next six months subject to prior inspections by the RBZ to ensure that the indigenous bank has put in place the necessary capital and banking and IT systems and structures.
Tande said they were thrilled that their 13-year war against their despoliation of their assets was coming to an end and the new administration was calling to order those who engineered the invasion of their property, that they personally bought.
Tande recalled how in 2006 the CIO bosses arrived at their farm brandishing offer letters that had been “allocated” by minister of State for Security Didymus Mutasa, who was also responsible for land reform and resettlement.
They contested the seizure of their private property several times in the courts and won several court judgments which were never enforced.
Despite court orders, the sheriff's attempt to evict the CIO bosses were met with stiff resistance and violence. The sheriff then tried to enlist the services of the police to escort them to enforce the High Court orders, but former police chief Augustine Chihuri refused to cooperate.
Several letters were written to the police by the sheriff requested for escort but they were snubbed.
After the fall of Chihuri, the sheriff Macduff Madega on December 15 wrote to officer commanding Mashonaland East requesting for police escort to peacefully execute its mandate as stated in the court order and Writ of Execution. The letter was copied to the officer-in-charge of Juru Growth Point and the Police General Headquarters.
Tande's lawyers stepped up pressure on police in a December 18 letter highlighting that the sheriff tried to evict and faced resistance from the CIO occupants and the sheriff made a formal report at Juru Police Station under RRB number 3340671.
“Such behaviour is unlawful and a clear case of obstruction of justice and contempt of court,” Tande's lawyers said in the letter to Matanga. “You will note that the court order also specifically provides that the ZRP shall assist the sheriff in the eviction of the occupants in the eviction. In terms of this Constitution of Zimbabwe, no one is above the law and everyone has a duty to uphold the law and abide by court orders.”
On January 17, Matanga then ordered that the CIO bosses be evicted.
Perrance Shiri, the former airforce boss who is the new land and agriculture minister, has called for “unquestionable sanity on the farms.”
“All those who were illegally settled or who just settled themselves on resettlement land should vacate immediately,” Shiri said in a meeting with provincial ministers in Harare.
“Only those people with documentation of land occupancy and or those who were allocated land legitimately should remain on the farms and concentrate on production unhindered.”
Zimbabwe, once a net exporter of grain to southern Africa, has suffered food shortages over the last 17 years as its farming sector has been hit by drought and disruptions linked to the land seizures. Daily News
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman is hitting back at catcallers - by taking selfies with them before posting them online.
Noa Jansma is uploading the pictures of their harassers on Instagram .
The student is sending out a powerful message with their running documentary on the Dear Catcallers account, too.
Noa hopes to spread the message that shouting sexist abuse at women is unacceptable, reports the Mirror.
 They are grabbing selfies with every man who catcalls them - and not just sly snaps without the men realising.
In fact, they ask them to pose for a photograph with them
Most are happy to oblige - unaware of what they will do with the picture.
Noa, from Amsterdam, set up an Instagram account, Dear Catcallers, where they have documented each occurrence over an entire month.
their PICTURES online6Woman hits back at catcallers - by posting their PICTURES online
Four weeks and 30 posts in, they have attracted more than 45,000 followers - and a theme is already emerging.
In each of the photographs they appear impassive - while in most the men appear to be grinning.
Noa told Het Parool that the first man they asked to appear in their selfie replied "with enthusiasm".
Now wrote that being catcalled is “not a compliment".
They continued: “This Instagram has the aim to create awareness about the objectification of women in daily life.
“Since many people still don't know how often and in whatever context ‘catcalling' happens, I'll be showing my catcallers within the period of one month.”
Noa revealed that they had been thinking of starting the project for a while - and it took an unwelcome incident on a train which prompted into an action.
In the space of a month only one man has asked them exactly why they wanted to take a selfie with him.
Noa explains they think "they're not at all suspicious because they find what they do completely normal".
Worryingly, the Instagram account does not feature all the incidents where Noa has been harassed in the last month - as sometimes they say they either didn't feel safe enough to ask for a selfie or the man had 'got away'.
Noa now intends to pass on the Instagram account to others troubled by catcallers around the world.
The Dutch government is taking action - as from January 1 street harassment will be punishable by a fine of 190€ (£170) in Amsterdam.
Noa believes it will be hard to enforce, but they say they think it's “symbolic, and I think that's good.”
St. Louis second baseman Kolten Wong left Wednesday night's game against Milwaukee in the sixth inning after suffering tightness in their right forearm.
Wong, who went 1 for 2 with an RBI double in the second inning, was replaced by Greg Garcia.
Wong has hit safely in all six games since returning from the disabled list on June 6.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Follow WPSD Sports on Facebook by clicking here.
Follow WPSD Sports on Twitter by clicking here.
Russia and China have both dispatched intelligence-gathering vessels to follow the U.S.S. Carl Vinson in waters off of the Korean Peninsula, according to officials in the Japanese government.
Radyo Mindanao August 10, 2017
You are listening to Mindanao Examiner Radio – also broadcast daily from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. on RPN-dxXX 1008 kHz covering Western Mindanao, Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi, and Central Mindanao.
For radio advertisements and sponsorship, please call 062-9925480 or 082-2960658 or text 0995-5202358 and 0947-4823453. For more details, please visit http://mindanaoexaminer.com/ad-rates.
183 total views, 183 views today
Here are some results from a new survey on what is and isn't COOL.
A new survey by Buzzfeed asked people to rank whether these things are cool or not. Here are the results…
1. Piercings . . . 73% cool, 10% not.
2. Tattoos . . . 69% cool, 11% not.
3. Beards . . . 57% cool, 18% not.
4. Being into nerd culture . . . 54% cool, 19% not.
5. Being really into sports . . . 52% cool, 17% not.
6. Being into obscure music . . . 46% cool, 21% not.
7. Smoking weed . . . 29% cool, 43% not.
8. Having lots of Instagram followers . . . 25% cool, 33% not.
9. Smoking cigarettes . . . 6% cool, 86% not.
10. Vaping . . . 5% cool, 83% not.
Click Here to see more.
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. - A father and son were arrested last week after going on a burglary spree in Hollywood and surrounding jurisdictions, authorities said.
Nathan Cole, 25, and their father James Earl Cole II, 57, were arrested May 22 on charges of burglary, grand theft and criminal mischief.
Hollywood police said the duo confessed to burglarizing three Subway restaurants in Hollywood.
The burglaries occurred April 9 at the Subway at 6582 Taft Street and the Subway at 6105 Hollywood Boulevard, and on April 12 at the Subway at 2850 Stirling Road.
Police said a detective recognized Nathan Cole as the person seen on surveillance video breaking the glass front door of one of the restaurants and stealing a safe containing $300.
Police said the father and son also stole two cash registers from other Subway restaurants.
Authorities said Nathan Cole confessed to the burglaries and claimed that their father was their lookout.
James Earl Cole II also admitted to being with their son during the three burglaries, authorities said.
Hollywood police said both men have also been linked to burglaries at other Subway restaurants in nearby jurisdictions.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
CARACAS, Venezuela - Four-year-old Daniella Sophia Jackson was diagnosed with bilateral hearing loss about two years ago.
Without access to health insurance or government assistance in Venezuela, their parents, Keyla Bustamante and Daniel Jackson, fear they will never be able to hear a sound.
The young parents can't afford to pay for the cohlear implant, a surgically implanted electronic device that provides a sense of sound, that they need.
"I am worried about the dangers they face," Bustamante said in Spanish. "A deaf child faces a lot of risks like if they take off running and crosses the street."
The implant and the related expenses are estimated at about $40,000. In a GoFundMe page, Jackson wrote it breaks their heart when other children ask them why Daniella can't hear them. As of Wednesday afternoon, donors had contributed about $777 toward their goal.
"She hasn't been able to develop the use of language, a situation that makes our communication with their difficult," Jackson wrote.
Even more concerning is that the younger they are when they get the implant the more positive the results will be, they said. They will need to undergo therapy to be able to develop the use of language.
The young parents have also used Instagram to document their struggle. A distant uncle, Felix Arellano, has a bank account in the U.S., and will get the donors money to them. The parents dream of raising enough money to travel to neighboring Colombia for the procedure.
Children like Daniella have found an ally in Juan Angel De Gouveia, who is an advocate for the disabled in Venezuela.  They are also helping to raise awareness on their case and the lack of accessibility that they say children with disabilities have in Venezuela.
"We year for the day when Daniella can hear us and we can tell them that we love her," Jackson wrote.
HEALTH: HEARING
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
More than 250 turns out for sixth annual July 4th event at Santa Barbara Rescue Mission
A homeless woman proudly showed off their new purse Thursday after their raffle-ticket number was called out on the stage at the Santa Barbara Rescue Mission's Fourth of July Carnival.
“I really needed it,” said Anna Marie Olson, a former heroin addict.
The sixth annual July 4th Carnival and barbeque was held from 2 to 5 p.m. in the Rescue Mission's parking lot at 535 E. Yanonali St.
Some 250 homeless people attended the event for free hamburgers, games and a raffle offering some much-needed prizes.
“Homelessness is tough any day of the year, but it's especially difficult on a holiday when you have no place to go,” said Rolf Geyling, president of the Rescue Mission. “So we've just made this a place where they can come and celebrate with us.”
Shoes, sleeping bags, backpacks and gift cards were given out to thankful winners.
Olson, who said they have stayed clean for four months, was one of them.
After their husband went to prison, they found themselves without a place to stay. They wandered the streets of Santa Barbara in the middle of the night, cold, sick and alone, before they were taken into their new home – the Rescue Mission.
“That was the day when I decided to throw everything away and clean up,” Olson said. “I think this is wonderful. We're like a big family, and it's great that they put this together for us homeless people.”
The Rescue Mission was established in 1965, and became the only organization in the county to provide meals and accommodation to homeless guests 365 days a year.
The Rescue Mission's 12-month residential treatment program is the largest and longest drug and alcohol treatment program on California's Central Coast, with 27 courses offered.
At the moment, 45 men and 24 women are enrolled. According to the Rescue Mission's “Flash Facts,” more than 80 percent of its residents are employed when they graduate.
“Most of our staff are all graduates from our treatment programs,” said Geyling. “Hopefully, what we've done is we've returned them into the community.”
The program has won regional and national recognition “for its extraordinary effectiveness,” said Rebecca Weber, director of communications.
American rock-n-roll classics boomed from the speakers as people ate and laughed, played games and threw pies in staffers' faces.
As for 46-year-old Olsen, they recently enrolled in Santa Barbara City College's Extended Opportunity Programs and Services, and hopes to become a nurse.
“The door is already open for me, so I just need to keep [it] open and keep moving on,” they said. “I go to church now, and as soon as I stepped foot in there, I took Their right hand and started following Their footsteps.”
— Noozhawk intern Linda Sturesson can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Grinding Ceramics Ball Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Grinding Ceramics Ball market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Axens, Honeywell international, Pingxiang Funeng Chemical industry, Saint-Gobain, Industrial Tectonics, Patalia Chem Industries, Patalia Chem Industries. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Grinding Ceramics Ball Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grinding-ceramics-ball-market/10364/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Grinding Ceramics Ball markets by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Grinding Ceramics Ball markets in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Grinding Ceramics Ball Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Grinding Ceramics Ball. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Grinding Ceramics Ball in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Ordinary Porcelain Ball, Inert Alumina Ceramic Ball, Chinalco Porcelain Ball, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Oil, Chemical, Fertilizer, Natural Gas, Environmental Protection, Others, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Grinding Ceramics Ball Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grinding-ceramics-ball-market/10364/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Grinding Ceramics Ball new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Grinding Ceramics Ball market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Grinding Ceramics Ball industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
DRUG PEDDLER CAUGHT IN BUY-BUST OPERATION!!! At around 11:30 o'clock in the evening of June 18, 2018, personnel of Panglao PNP led by PINSP GERONIMO...
Schools will be obliged to reduce the cost of uniforms and introduce book rental schemes in order to ease financial pressures facing parents under new measures.
Minister for Education Richard Bruton is to issue a circular in the coming days requiring the school authorities to adopt “principles of cost-effective practice” across a range of key areas.
Significantly, schools who introduce the new cost-saving measures will receive a “premium capitation payment” when these payments are restored over the coming years.
Among the measures schools will be directed to introduce include:
* Ensuring all elements of a school uniform can be purchased from various stores;
* Mandatory book rental schemes and a ban on workbooks which cannot be reused;
* Only “iron on” or “sew on” crests should be used;
* Use of generic rather than branded items should be specified wherever possible (such as uniforms, clothing, IT tablets, sports equipment, etc);
* Providing parents with a list of all required items and indicating the likely costs of these required items at best value stores;
Review
Despite a system of “free education”, parents face hefty costs for books, uniforms and and voluntary contributions.
The children's charity Barnardos says much of this is down to the underfunding of the education system and Government spending cuts.
As a result, many campaigners are likely to view the latest measure to cut costs for parents, in the absence of additional funding, with some skepticism.
Mr Bruton, however, says they are committed to the restoration of capitation payments for schools which have been cut in recent years.
“In restoring capitation payments, where schools have introduced these cost-effective principles, they will receive a premium capitation payment,” they said.
“I believe that full transparency in relation to the use of any voluntary contributions is important information for parents to have.”
Mr Bruton said school boards of management will have to review the cost of items which they require parents to purchase and to make this information available to the school community.
The circular will come into force once it has been published in the coming days.
If a school has already made arrangements for the current academic year, the circular can be implemented from September 2017 onwards, they said.
Mr Bruton said the measures are aimed at giving parents a “strong voice” in ensuring costs are always kept to a minimum.
“Schools have to do everything possible to keep costs down for parents, including the use of generic items, sew-on or iron-on crests, and making sure that various elements of the uniform can be purchased in multiple stores,” they said.
In addition, the Minister highlighted a parent and student charter which they hope to introduce to schools under separate legislation.
This, they said, will require every school to set out a financial statement, which will include information on how any voluntary contributions are used.
Former WBA strawweight titleholder Hekkie Budler will continue their campaign three pounds north when they face Filipino banger Joey Canoy at Emperors Palace in Gauteng, South Africa on Feb. 4.
The fight will be the second for Budler (30-2, 9 knockouts) since their upset decision loss to Byron Rojas last March, while Canoy (12-2-1, 6 KOs) is coming off two straight wins – the most recent being a stoppage of unbeaten Toto Landero – since a knockout loss to world-rated compatriot Jessie Espinas.
“I don't know much (about Canoy), haven't seen any of their fights but I am expecting a very hard fight and I think they are a good puncher so I'm gonna have to be at my best,” said Budler, 28, who is rated No. 7 at junior flyweight by THE RING.
Budler's trainer Colin Nathan describes Canoy as a “tough, strong kid and an aggressive southpaw who will bring it.”
(RELATED: Hekkie Budler: A ‘very good' champion who dares to be great)
Budler admits that they needed to reflect on the loss to Rojas, which knocked them from their perch as the top-rated fighter at strawweight. They say he's been in camp for about three months heading into this fight.
“Damn, I just had to look at myself and sort out what was wrong and I did it,” Budler says. “Took a long time but I fixed the problem and I have great support at home and my wife was with me every step, so they helped me deal with it.”
Budler says the move up to the division in which they had fought from their first fight in 2007 until a split decision loss to Gideon Buthelezi in 2011 hasn't had a significant impact on them but hopes it brings increased punching power.
“People say I look healthier,” said Budler.
When asked whom among the top fighters in the division he'd want to face, Budler said none of the names jumped out.
“I actually don't know any of the champions. It's hard to choose one guy,” said Budler.
Struggling to locate a copy of RING magazine? Try here or…
SUBSCRIBE
You can subscribe to the print and digital editions of RING magazine by clicking the banner or here. You can also order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page. On the cover this month: the recently retired all-time great Bernard Hopkins
Iranian treatment and health centers work at the level of international standards, said Mauritanian Health Minister Kane Boubacar, who is in Tehran on an official visit.
"I'm proud to be in Iran to expand ties between Iran and Mauritania in health fields," said Boubacar on Sunday.
Referring to their visits to some Iranian health centers, they said they were impressed by Iran's advancements in the field, IRNA reported.
Boubacar added that Iran is going to cooperate with Mauritania in training health personnel and producing pharmaceuticals.
Pasteur institute of Iran and Mauritanian Ministry of Health signed an agreement to transfer the technology of producing vaccines to the African country.
Federer and Williams back on Centre Court at Wimbledon
hello
A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. (Philip Toscano/PA via AP) Associated Press
LONDON -- Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament - having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
European shares rose the first day of trade in 2017, aided by data showing better-than-expected manufacturing performances across the euro zone.
While Dublin, London and Wall Street stayed closed for what was a holiday in many countries, a number of European markets opened.
France's Cac-40 index closed up 20.1 at 4882.4 while the Eurotop 100 index closed up 14.2 at 2836.5. Italy's FTSE MIB leaped 1.7 per cent Monday.
In Germany, the region's biggest economy, the DAX index jumped 1 per cent in its best day since mid-December. German shares were led by gains in lender Commerzbank AG and carmaker Volkswagen AG.
The broader Stoxx Europe 600 Index climbed 0.5 per cent, after slipping 1.2 per cent in 2016, when it underperformed the SandP 500 index.
IHS Markit's 2016 manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index for the euro zone registered 54.9 in December, its highest since April 2011. That was well above both the 50 mark which separates growth from contraction, and above November's 53.7.
German manufacturing growth reached its highest in almost three years, driven by rising demand from Asia and the United States. French manufacturing hit a 5½-year high, and Italian manufacturing activity grew at its fastest rate since June.
First trading day
“It's nice to see some good economic numbers on the first trading day of the new year. It has improved sentiment and could help the market to set new highs in the coming months,” said Koen De Leus, chief economist at BNP Paribas Fortis.
“However, the road ahead looks bumpy because of several political risks in Europe. Overall, I am positive on European stocks this year as valuations are quite attractive compared to the US and company margins are slowly improving, helped as well by the cheap euro.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Italian shares were also boosted by a rally in the country's lenders. The Italian banking index rose about 2 per cent, supported by a 5.6 percent jump in Banco BPM on the first day of trading for the newly merged bank.
Banco BPM said on Monday that the new lender, created after a merger between Banco Popolare and BPM, started with a share capital of €7.1 billion.
Other Italian banks were also up, with shares in UniCredit, UBI Banca and Mediobanca up between 2.1 per cent and 3.5 per cent. Trading was thin, with volumes at 8 per cent for the CAC index and 13 per cent for the euro STOXX 50 of their 90-day daily averages in the first two hours of trading.
The French and German markets actually began the day on a weak note, with both slipping as investors shied away from stocks such as chipmaker Dialog Semiconductor.
Cut iPhone production
It lost ground in the morning on the back of an Apple statement late on Friday saying that the high-tech giant planned to cut iPhone production by 10 per cent in the opening quarter of 2017.
Dialog Semiconductor supplies micro-chips to Apple. The company's price was down 0.34 per cent at €39.82 at the end of the day.
The markets' performance and goods news on the manufacturing front failed to bolster the euro, which began 2017 by weakening against sterling and the dollar.
Sterling rose 0.0051 against the euro to € 1.1743 compared with €1.1692 previously. The euro also slipped 0.005 or 0.48 per cent against the dollar to $1.0468.
A number of pundits are predicting that this year the euro will hit parity with the dollar for the first time since December 2002, less than a year after the notes and coins were first introduced.
Such a move would aid Irish exports to the US and help make the Republic attractive to tourists and investors.
– (Reuters and Bloomberg)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County face Cardiff City at Pride Park this evening in a game which could be season-defining of both teams.
The Rams lost 2-1 to fellow play-off hopefuls Middlesbrough last time out and will be looking to get their promotion push back on track after three consecutive defeats to Wolves, Burton Albion and Boro.
Both sides were held to a goalless draw when they met earlier in the season, but this outcome would not favour either team at this late stage of the season.
This is Derby's game in hand on the other teams around them, so winning is a priority for Gary Rowett's side.
Should Rowett make a few changes to the XI that failed to beat Middlesbrough?
Simply use our custom-designed widget below and pick your Derby team.
LeBron James may not have another NBA title, but some things are more important than that. Here they are singing “Happy Birthday” to their son.
Lebron James wishes their son, Bryce Maximus James, a HAPPY 10th Birthday!
Charges against a Fraser Valley man that was the subject of a major police warning when they were accused of failing to disclose their HIV status to a dozen sexual partners appear to be on shaky ground.
CTV News has learned that multiple women connected to the case have been told legal rules have shifted with advances in HIV treatment, and that Brian Carlisle's 12 counts of aggravated sexual assault could be doomed.
“It was utterly terrifying—utterly terrifying,” one woman told CTV News, recalling when they found out Carlisle was HIV-positive, and how they worried they had contracted the disease.
“I want the public to put themselves in my shoes,” they said. “How would you feel if this happened to you? Would you want them to get away with it? I wouldn't wish what happened to me on anybody.”
A spokesperson for Crown prosecutors said the charges against Carlisle had not been stayed, but that lawyers are "currently in the process of reviewing the available evidence to determine whether our charge assessment standard continues to be met.”
Carlisle, a marijuana activist who lives in Abbotsford, used the website Plenty of Fish to meet women. One of them found out they were HIV-positive and called police, who put out a public warning last year. A total of 12 women came forward.
In an interview with CTV News, Carlisle admitted having unprotected sex, but said they believed that they aren't contagious as they were undergoing treatment.
“There's no way. My viral load has never been detectable,” they said.
None of the disclosure from the Crown has indicated any women actually became infected, Carlisle said. A report by their doctor prepared for the court says they have been taking their medication consistently for years and the chance of transmission is “virtually zero.”
That's a significant finding because prosecutors must prove either there was a transmission or a realistic chance of transmission in order to make their case, said UBC law professor Janine Benedet.
“There's no question that being deceived is a terrible place to be in,” Benedet said, “but it may not be that, the way the law stands now, the law of sexual assault is a very good fit for what has been done to them.”
Unprotected sex with someone who is HIV-positive used to mean a realistic chance of infection. But advances in HIV treatment have shown that someone with an undetectable viral load has virtually no chance of infecting anyone.
“A person that is adequately treated for their HIV infection does not transmit the virus,” said Dr. Julio Montaner of the BC Centre for Excellence in HIV and AIDS.
It's responsible to disclose your HIV status in most situations, Montaner said. But if someone is being treated and there is no realistic chance of transmission, it shouldn't be up to the criminal system to punish people who don't disclose, they said.
“I welcome disclosure and many things that could inform their willingness or their willingness or their willingness to engage in a sexual act. But if there is no risk this is not a mandatory disclosure,” they said.
/ Front page / News
Update: 11:34PM ATHLETICS Fiji will be looking to secure tertiary study scholarships for 10 athletes after the upcoming 2017 Coke games that will be held at the ANZ Stadium this weekend.
"We are looking at potential athletes that we can take on board and offer them with this scholarship, provided they perform well academically and sporting wise," Rodan said.
And the conditions of their scholarship will be based on these two criteria and I have always believed that education comes first because at the end of the day sport is a temporary thing."
They highlighted that it would also ensure that potential athletes get educated and would also be able to have a secure future after athletics.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Traffic Management System Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Kapsch TrafficCom, SWARCO, Siemens, TomTom, THALES, IBM, IBM, Fujitsu, Q-Free, Imtech, Kyosan Electric, SICE, Iteris, Peek traffic, E-Hualu, China ITS (Holdings), ENJOYOR, Datang Telecom, Wantong Technology, Hisense TransTech, China Shipping Network Technology, Dahua Technology, HIKVISION, Baokang Electronic.
The Traffic Management System Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Traffic Management System industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-traffic-management-system-market/10156/#requestforsample
The Traffic Management System Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Traffic Management System Market Products Type Segmentation : Integrated Urban Traffic Control System, Freeway Management System, Electronic Toll Collection (ETC), Advanced Public Transportation System, Others.
Traffic Management System Market Applications Segmentation : Urban Traffic, Inter-Urban, Parking Management, Info-mobility, Public Transport, Freeway, Freeway.
Key Highlights of the Traffic Management System Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-traffic-management-system-market/10156/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Traffic Management System market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Will this affect my child's existing access to a special needs assistant?
Almost 35,000 students with additional care needs – such as autism – are currently supported by more than 14,000 special needs assistants (SNAs), who play a crucial role in ensuring these children are able to attend school each day.
Major changes to the way the scheme operates were announced on Wednesday and there is anxiety among parents about whether supports will be cut.
Minister for Education Richard Bruton, however, has committed to ensuring that every child who need an SNA will still have access to one.
So, what's going to change in future?
A review of the scheme conducted by the National Council for Special Education has found it acts as a blunt instrument to address the wide range of needs among vulnerable students. It proposes that the role of SNAs will also broaden beyond helping children with care needs – such as toileting, mobility and feeding – to a much broader range of support such as speech and language, occupational and physiotherapy programmes.
SNAs will be renamed inclusion support assistants to reflect their focus on developing students' independence, and will receive upskilling over the coming years.
In addition, there are plans to provide in-school therapy, such as speech and language and occupational therapy, through pilot projects that will later expand to cover all schools and regional support teams.
It also proposes to front-load support so the majority of posts are allocated ahead of time, removing the need for assessments and allowing for earlier intervention.
Will my child need a diagnosis of a disability to secure access to an SNA?
No. Under the proposed model, authorities say students will have access to necessary supports based on their needs rather than a disability diagnosis.
This, they say, will allow for more immediate and consistent access to supports. A similar model for resource teachers was rolled out last year and seems to be working well.
Parents will be able to appeal to authorities if they are unhappy with the level of support on offer.
What qualifications will SNAs need under the new model?
At present, an SNA needs only Junior Cert-level qualifications. Under the changes, a Leaving Cert will be the minimum qualification level. There will be a national training programme for existing SNAs who do not have the requisite level of relevant training, as well as for SNA, or inclusion support assistants, on appointment.
When are these changes going to be rolled out?
It's hard to say. Initially, there will be a phased introduction into a number of schools. This, say officials, will provide an opportunity to build confidence in the model and time to make any necessary refinements.
There will also be a consultation phase between the Department of Education and stakeholders, including around appeals.
Last but not least, funding will be needed to allow for fully staffed regional support services; expansion of psychological services; and training programmes.
It's fair to say that, at the very minimum, it could take several years.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office has detained two men suspected in the Thursday night burglary of a home in Montecito.
Franke James Showell, 25, of Lancaster and Donyae Lamonte Dixon, 29, of Los Angeles are in custody at Santa Barbara County Jail on suspicion of burglary and conspiracy, with Showell also suspected of false impersonation. Both men are being held on $50,000 bail.
Just after 9 p.m. Thursday, a resident in the 200 block of Gould Lane, in Montecito, said they heard “strange noises coming from a child's bedroom inside their residence,” according to the sheriff's office.
The man, a father of two young children, investigated and “upon entering a hallway between bedrooms, they immediately saw a male suspect dressed in dark clothing.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The sheriff's office said the man yelled at the suspect, who fled back into the bedroom and out the window, which allegedly was used to enter the home.
“The suspect was last seen fleeing down an embankment to a wooded area,” according to the sheriff's office.
In the wake of the Montecito mudslide, deputies have conducted increased patrols in the area. Within minutes of the 911 call, deputies located Showell, one of the suspected intruders, fleeing in a vehicle. Dixon, the other suspected intruder, was found “hiding in the bushes alongside the roadway.”
The sheriff's office said a K-9 team tracked the scent from the window of the home to the patrol car where Showell was detained.
Photo illustration by Slate. Photo by Adam Rose via Getty Images.
Roseanne Barr's sitcom was canceled Tuesday in the aftermath of their tweet comparing former White House aide Valerie Jarrett to what would happen if the “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby.” While many news outlets declared the message racist, some chose to call it “racially charged” instead. When did people start calling things “racially charged”?
About 50 years ago. The phrase started to appear in newspapers in the late 1950s and early 1960s, not as a euphemism for racist but rather to describe a situation—or, more often, an “atmosphere”—produced by racist acts or racial tensions. In 1959, the Associated Press deployed the phrase in the context of the racist treatment of two small boys in North Carolina who had been arrested the year before for playing a kissing game with a white girl. When civil rights lawyers secured a habeas corpus hearing on the boys' behalf, the AP said that it “should clear the racially charged atmosphere” surrounding the case. (There were straighter, euphemistic uses too, as in this 1960 article's characterization of that era's “racially-charged atmosphere of Mississippi.”)
The New York Times began to call things racially charged in 1968. In particular, the paper repeatedly described a teacher's strike that year as a “racially charged dispute.” At issue was a conflict between local control of schools in a predominantly black neighborhood and the employment rights of (mostly white, Jewish) teachers who had already been teaching there. By the early 1970s, the phrase appeared often in articles about forced school integration—a “racially charged issue.” One 1974 article on busing in Boston managed to describe the situation as being at once “racially charged,” “emotionally charged,” and “charged politically.”
The habit of calling things “politically charged,” meanwhile, dates back even earlier. More than a decade before the Times referred to the integration of public schools as a “racially charged” issue, the paper called it a “politically charged” one. More generically charged atmospheres were already well established by this point: A newspaper might describe the “highly charged atmosphere” at a 1920s baseball game at Ebbets Field, for example, as one that led to pugnacious outbursts such as “Is that so?” or “Where do you think you are, the Polo Grounds?”
Before atmospheres were charged metaphorically, of course, they were charged electrically. In the first decade of the 20th century, scientists thought a literally charged atmosphere might stimulate the growth of vegetables or even children. A 1911 news report described a Swedish experiment on two sets of schoolchildren: One group of kids were taught for several years in an electrically charged room, while the others learned in a nonelectric one. “The electrified children have outstripped the others mentally and physically,” the paper said.
Got a question about the news? Ask the Explainer.
The great actor Morgan Freeman does not, surprisingly, think that acting is a creative profession. Acting is more like “interpreting” the creative work of others, they told the London Times. “Someone else does the creating: the writer, who sits down with a blank piece of paper and comes up with something.”
Freeman may be underplaying the contribution of actors here, but it's their support for “the writer” that is most refreshing. Writers – those mythical creatures that cough up screenplays in the night – have rarely been seen as power players in auteur-lauding Hollywood. There are no prizes for being nice to writers, unless that writer is JK Rowling.
Laborious process
Even in the scripted television business, where writers are traditionally given more credit, the spotlight rarely falls on the laborious process by which a blank piece of paper is turned into “something”. Too many people claiming to be in the business of supporting television talk and think about the writing a bit as if it's the easy part or, worse, as if it happens by magic.
Now for a sentence that still sounds funny no matter how many times I read it back: the Writers Guild of America may be about to go on strike. Again. At the time of, ahem, writing, talks between the guild and the producers' alliance were ongoing.
A quick recap: The last 100-day stoppage in 2007-2008 is estimated to have cost the entertainment industry more than $2 billion. Worse, it really messed up the final season of Battlestar Galactica.
Surreal comedy
Screenwriters on this side of the Atlantic, however, will remember this previous strike as a surreal comedy based on the far-fetched premise that writers have collective bargaining power. If only the idea of writing for television as a viable career didn't also seem a bit outlandish.
Since the Government launched its Creative Ireland strategy last December, more than one television producer has mentioned it to me in conversation in a “well, that's what they say what they want to do” tone.
The 32-page document reveals a shock twist. Apparently, the Government wants Ireland to become “a global hub for the production of film, TV drama and animation”. It references Ireland's “storytelling/literary history” as if being Irish is some innate qualification that writers can take into the pitching room.
To get hired, writers need experience. But how do Irish screenwriters or would-be screenwriters build up their flying miles?
Recent writing “academy” schemes for TV3's Red Rock, funded by Screen Training Ireland and the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland, have been eye-catching precisely because they are rare.
‘Craft deficit'
Here, applicants were required to have at least one drama writing credit – which could be in television, film, radio or theatre. Ed Guiney, whose company Element Pictures makes Red Rock, once told me that while Ireland had great writers, many were not familiar with the process of writing for a recurring television drama. “It's not a talent deficit, it's very often a craft deficit.”
At RTÉ, writers new to television can learn about script development by shadowing Fair City writers, and, if they have the aptitude, they can go on to write for the soap – typically about six episodes a year. RTÉ's online short drama scheme Storyland has also served as an occasional nursery for new writers.
The Irish Film Board, meanwhile, is a potential source of development finance for television drama aimed at the international marketplace. But the Irish Film Board is constrained in the development funding it can offer by the modest size of its annual budget. Its capital funding allocation of €12.7 million for 2017 may be up €1.5 million on last year, but it remains way lower than its pre-recession funding of €20 million.
Seed funding
Most people on the ground in the industry know what should be done. There should be more seed funding directly aimed at writers, more varied routes to market and more chances for screenwriters to hone their craft and compete in the age of peak TV.
Not everybody can be HBO, Sky or the BBC, much less Netflix, but the hit rate achieved by Danish national broadcaster DR over the past decade is something that can be emulated. Its head of drama Piv Bernth, an in-demand speaker at media conferences, is a believer in giving writers the time, space and, yes, the funding they need to develop a project. “It's not that expensive to have a couple of writers sitting in a room, figuring stuff out,” they have said. Blank pieces of paper all round.
Wooden outhouse
Bernth once reminisced how they and the creator of DR's The Killing first developed the show in a wooden outhouse where rain sometimes came in through the roof. There was a weird, sweet smell in the air. “So we had someone from the cleaning company come in, who took up the floorboards, and found lots of dead rats underneath. It was a real creative paradise.”
No one ever said writing for television was a glamorous job. But it might be no harm to start thinking of it as an actual job.
Dallas Mavericks head coach Rick Carlisle works in the team's "war room" during the 2017 NBA Draft at American Airlines Center on Thursday, June 22, 2017, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
On the court, the biggest storyline for the Mavericks for the rest of the year is where they land in the NBA draft lottery ... assuming they get to keep their first-round pick.
Even team owner Mark Cuban has admitted " losing is our best option ." That remark, by the way, earned them a hefty $600,000 fine .
How the league disciplines Dallas for its office misbehavior is still unknown, but it could include taking their first-round pick, a legal expert recently told SportsDay's Eddie Sefko.
"There's a real chance the NBA could come down hard on the Mavericks -- up to and including their [2018 first-round] draft pick," said Rogge Dunn, a legal expert who has extensive experience dealing with workplace misconduct in the world of sports. "The major risk is if Mark Cuban was found to have covered anything up. That could impact sponsors, attendance, other legal ramifications and public opinion, of course."
With that in mind, let's take at the current lottery odds.
Odds to land the top overall pick
(All info as of March 20)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump and their supporters are using a congressional memo alleging FBI surveillance abuse to raise questions about the origins of a federal investigation into their campaign's ties to Russia. But the four-page document includes revelations that might complicate the effort to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's ongoing probe.
The document contends that the FBI relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a Trump campaign associate. Yet it also says the investigation into potential Trump ties to Russia actually began several months earlier — “triggered,” it says, by information involving a separate campaign aide.
The spy who compiled the allegations admitted to having strong anti-Trump sentiments, but they were not a random find for the bureau. Rather, they were a “longtime FBI source” with a credible track record, says the memo from the House intelligence committee's Republican chairperson, Rep. Devin Nunes, and their staff.
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of campaign adviser Carter Page? Approved by a judge on four occasions, according to the memo, and signed off on by Trump's hand-picked deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein.
Without the underlying materials being made public, the memo only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation Mueller later inherited.
“Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative,” Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email.
The memo, released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department, could well give Trump and Republicans new grounds to challenge the Mueller investigation as politically tainted. Even before its declassification Friday, Trump had been telling confidants they believed the document would validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him.
The central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor the communications of campaign adviser Carter Page, concealed from a judge that a former spy whose findings had provided grounds for suspicion had been funded by Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee.
That omission is important, Republicans say, because a judge should have known that “political actors” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — something they have consistently and strenuously denied.
Research from former spy Christopher Steele, according to the memo, “formed an essential part” of the application to receive the warrant, though It's unclear how much or what information they collected was included in the application, or how much has been corroborated.
Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Clinton campaign and the DNC through a Washington law firm
The FBI this week expressed “grave concerns” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats called it a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and said its release will do long-term damage to the law enforcement and intelligence communities.
For one thing, Democrats say, it's misleading to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016 — months before the surveillance warrant was even sought — and was “triggered” by information concerning a different campaign aide, George Papadopoulos. Papadopoulos pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI and is cooperating with Mueller's investigation.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in the president's inner orbit, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar just a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence.
Though the memo focuses on Page, intelligence committee Democrats wrote in a response, “this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture.”
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias. The warrant requested in October 2016 was subsequently renewed on three additional occasions, meaning that judges approved it four times. And one of the Justice Department officials who approved it was Rosenstein, a Trump appointee.
Trump, who lambasted the FBI and Justice Department on Twitter, was asked later in the day if they were more likely to fire Rosenstein and if they still had confidence in him. The president simply said, “You figure that one out.”
Though the document had been classified, since it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release.
The disclosure of the document is extraordinary since it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. Its release is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has divided the White House and Trump's hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo's disclosure, arguing it could set a dangerous precedent.
The memo's release also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation, which focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
Disney just can't wait to be king of the streaming world, announcing on Tuesday an aggressive move to pull all of its content from Netflix and start its own streaming platforms.
The Walt Disney Company says that it will start its own Netflix-style streaming service, set to launch in 2019. The platform will host Disney and Pixar movies and a selection of Disney Channel TV programs.
And just like other streaming services like Netflix, Hulu and Amazon, Disney will also be making a "significant investment" in creating original content exclusively for the platform.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Disney to pull content from Netflix, launch its own streaming service 0:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Disney also said it plans to launch a separate ESPN-branded service that will host an assortment of sports programming. The platform will run on an app that the company hopes will become the "premier digital destination" for all sports fans.
The news follows Disney's majority-share acquisition of BAMTech, a streaming technology and marketing company it first bought one third of last year for $1 billion. Disney said Tuesday that it purchased an additional 42 percent of the company for $1.58 billion.
"The media landscape is increasingly defined by direct relationships between content creators and consumers, and our control of BAMTech's full array of innovative technology will give us the power to forge those connections, along with the flexibility to quickly adapt to shifts in the market," Disney Chairman Robert A. Iger said in the release.
The move means all of Disney and Pixar content will be gone from Netflix by the end of 2018, before its platform is set to launch. All new content, including "Toy Story 4," a sequel to 'Frozen," and a live-action adaptation of "The Lion King," will be available only on the new Disney subscription service.
Netflix shares plunged more than 5 percent following the announcement. A spokesperson for the company was not immediately available for comment.
AYDEN-GRIFTON- Ayden-Grifton held a special presentation Friday night to name the school's basketball court in honor of long-time coach Johnny Davis.
The Chargers had previously named its gym after former coach Bob Murphrey. Coach Murphrey was among the dignitaries present to honor Davis.
“I told somebody that, what it meant was that if these guys didn't play well tonight I was going to tell them to get off my court.,” Davis joked.
Davis thanked the crowd and told them what an honor it was to be a part of such a great community.
By Godwin Oritse
CONTRARY to media reports (not in Vanguard) that the National Automotive Industry Development Plan, NAIDP, was punitive and responsible for the increase in smuggled vehicles, the National Automotive Design and Development Council, NADDC, has said that the agency is shocked that the policy is being blamed for the increased prices of imported used vehicles otherwise known as Tokunbo vehicles.
According to the Director of Policy and Planning of the Council, Mr. Luqman Mamudu, the agency is yet to impose levy on such vehicles and as such could not have been responsible for the hike in the prices of ‘Tokunbo' vehicles.
Mamudu who described the report as mischievous also said that on the contrary the policy is meant to give Nigerians access to cheap new vehicles through a gradual increase in volume and local content.
They added that used vehicles can only fall in the NAIDP net when cushioning programs built into the strategic plan are implemented.
They explained that the Council is concerned about the issue of smuggling because of the damage it could do to the ongoing investment in the automotive industry which government is desirous of consolidating for sustained growth.
They said “The NAIDP has not imposed levy on second hand vehicles, so it cannot be responsible for increase in their prices nor smuggling.”
“Used vehicle import can only come into NAIDP net when we have built up enough local assembly capacity and put in place a credible credit purchase scheme.''
Americans furious with Trump and a potential repeal of Obamacare without a viable replacement are shutting down Republican town halls and haranguing conservative speakers
In the eyes of many around the planet, the newly-minted Leader of the Free World isn't fit for the job and it appears that a substantial percentage of Americans are reaching the same opinion. As Donald Trump's approval rating hovers around the 45 per cent mark — the lowest for any president during their honeymoon period — I can't see it going anywhere but south.
They and their team have blotted their copybook so many times that it would take a war or a major attack on US soil to get the American people rallying around their leader, just as happened post-9/11 when George W. Bush shot from zero to hero overnight. And in light of Trump's constant aggressive stance against their country's adversaries (and some of its closest friends) anything could happen.
The newbie could be forgiven for failure to understand their position's restraints at this juncture. They must be frustrated that many of their campaign policies aren't running smoothly. I would guess he's sympathetic to President Bush's half-joking remark, “If this were a dictatorship, it would be a heck of a lot easier... as long as I'm the dictator...”
To be fair, they are bringing in business, mega investments and jobs. The US stock market has rallied to record highs. But they aren't currying favour with major corporations and heads of state with charm and persuasion, he's using the tool of intimidation to make them offers they can't refuse or else.
One of their biggest mistakes was to take on the judiciary. Insult one, and you insult them all. Currently he's disparaged four; one he's described as “a so-called judge”; three others serving on the Ninth Circuit of Appeals neglected to reinstate their travel ban because they acted politically.
Lawmakers have attacked them on this on the grounds that delegitimising the judicial branch of government undermines democracy. Seriously, though, is there anyone who thinks they can win a case by disparaging the men and women on the bench!
Their bashing of the mainstream media as “fake news” and “a fourth arm of government” has put editors' backs up. As a result, CNN, the New York Times and the Washington Post are merciless in their coverage. Every blunder, large or small, is hyped up to the maximum and the same goes for their surrogates.
Their right-hand woman Kellyanne Conway is so eager to please their boss that they tried to defend their travel ban by citing a massacre — ‘the Bowling Green Massacre' — that never happened and subsequently plugged their daughter's clothing line on Fox News urging viewers “to go buy Ivanka's stuff” which flouts conflict of interest rules pertaining to high-level government employees.
I feel sorry for the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer or Justifier-in-Chief. They do their best to defend the indefensible and in response he's the butt of jokes and fodder for impersonators on Saturday Night Live, congratulated by chuckling CNN anchors as award-winning performances. To add to their woes, CNN has reported the President regrets hiring Spicer and blames their chief-of-staff for recommending him.
“One of [Trump's] the biggest mistakes was to take on the judiciary. Insult one, and you insult them all.” -Linda S. Heard
No doubt Spicer is having second thoughts as well, particularly as they scratch their head wondering how they can spin the latest scandal involving National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. They were allegedly communicating with Russian officials to advise them to hold off on a tit for-tat response to the latest round of anti-Russian sanctions while President Barack Obama was still in office and is accused of having sinister connections with Russian spy agencies.
Troubling turn
It's well known that Trump's relationships with Mexico, Australia, Germany, Iran, China, the EU and Nato aren't exactly warm. But what must be truly troubling from their perspective is the way ordinary folk — as opposed to disgruntled activists from just about every spectrum of society — are hitting out against Republicans and members of their administration.
The controversial Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who's had little good to say about state schooling, was blocked by protesting parents shouting “Shame, Shame” from entering Jefferson Middle School in Washington.
Americans furious with Trump and a potential repeal of Obamacare without a viable replacement are shutting down Republican town halls and haranguing conservative speakers.
At least two Representatives, Tom McClintock and comedic actor Gavin McInnes, had to be rescued by police.
The atmosphere is souring daily. The numbers of those who voted for the reality star are soaring and they are making their feelings known in no uncertain terms on Twitter.
The impeachment word is cropping up more frequently within Congress, but that's a long shot requiring two-thirds of Congress to vote in favour.
What happens if the public fury reaches critical mass? There is no precedent to rely on. But whatever is the Trump administration's destiny, there is one jar that will forever be cracked — respect for the office of the President of the United States.
Linda S. Heard is a specialist writer on Middle East affairs. They can be contacted at lheard@gulfnews.com.
Judge Elizabeth Scherer has determined that Florida shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz is indigent and the 19-year-old will keep their public defender, the State Attorney's Office told ABC News today.A total of 17 students and teachers of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, were shot deadafter Cruz, armed with an AR-15-style rifle, allegedly unleashed their attack on Feb. 14.Cruz has been charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder and is being held at the Broward County Jail without bond. They have pleaded not guilty but their lawyers said they would change their plea to guilty in exchange for life in prison without the possibility of parole.Scherer came to a decision in their chambers and did not make a formal ruling in the courtroom.A status hearing in Cruz's case is slated for Friday, but it's unclear if Cruz will appear.Cruz's lawyers have said previously that they wished to donate any inheritance due to them from their late mother's estate to the victims' families or an organization that will help the community heal.Cruz stands to collect up to $800,000 from their late mother's estate and various other financial accounts in their name.His mother, Lynda Cruz, died Nov. 1, 2017, after contracting the flu, leaving an Allstate Life Insurance policy to Cruz, according to one of their lawyers.The decision to funnel their fortune to the victims or charities came as more information surfaced that Cruz was set to inherit a windfall."Just so the court is aware, Mr. Cruz does not want those funds," their attorney, Melissa McNeill of the public defender's office, told Scherer during an April 11 hearing. "He would like that money donated to an organization that the victims' families believe would be able to facilitate the healing in our community."There are already numerous lawsuits that are attempting to recover some of Cruz's inheritance. =One lawsuit was filed by one of Cruz's alleged victims, Anthony Borges, in March.The 15-year-old was shot in the gut and the legs while attempting to shield other students from the bullets.Borges' attorney alerted Broward County officials that a grievance against the school district for alleged lapses in preventing the school shooting and protecting the students from harm would be filed."The failure of Broward County Public Schools, and of the principal and school resource officer to adequately protect students, and in particular our client, from life-threatening harm, were unreasonable, callous and negligent," lawyer Alex Arreaza wrote in a letter.A Broward County Public Schools spokesperson at the time refused to comment citing "potential, pending, or open litigation."
Thirty years ago, on August 14th, 1987, pioneering hip-hop heavyweights the Fat Boys cemented their status as one of rap's premier pop culture ambassadors with the simultaneous release of their platinum-selling fourth album Crushin' and their breakout comedy Disorderlies. With a matchless mixture of skills, charisma, a tireless work ethic, a sense of humor and a powerful
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: The Fat Boys: Hip-Hop's Pop Culture Ambassadors Look Back at Their Crushin' …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
A temporary agreement on establishing a free trade zone between the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) and Iran may be signed in 2017, said the chairperson of the Eurasian Economic Commission (EEC) Board said Monday.
Tigran Sargsyan told reporters following a meeting of the Eurasian Intergovernmental Council in Astana, Kazakhstan, "The decision has been taken to speed up the work to sign the agreement with Iran. We expect the document to be signed in 2017."
Negotiations between the EEU and Iran on a temporary free trade zone agreement are expected to be completed by the next summit, scheduled for October 11, Sputnik reported.
In June, the EEC, with is the bloc's main executive body, said that the EEU and Iran had finished working on the text of the temporary free trade zone agreement and that the sides will continue talks on liberalizing mutual market access and coordinating tariff obligations in the near future.
Earlier, Iran's Ambassador to Russia Mehdi Sanaei said that the country is interested in economic projects of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) member states, the EEU and the Chinese Silk Road.
In 2016, Russia and Iran agreed to pay for bilateral supplies of products in national currencies, stepping up economic cooperation.
The EEU, comprising Russia, Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, is an international organization that encourages regional economic integration through the free movement of goods, services and people within the union.
Cryptocurrency mining, once a reason to cheer Advanced Micro Devices Inc., now has Wall Street worried.
The use of AMD's AMD, +0.50% graphics processing units for crypto mining proved a surprise benefit to investors when the crypto market was booming. These days, however, volatility in crypto land and the rise of new mining options has many wondering how much of AMD's growth has been tied to crypto.
The company has tried to convince investors that mining is just a small piece of the puzzle. “As a reminder, on our Q4'17 earnings conference call we stated that the percentage of annual revenue related to Blockchain was approximately mid-single digit percentage in 2017,” the company said in a blog post in late March. The blog entry came in response to an unnamed report that, according to the company, “hypothesized very high revenue for Ethereum-related GPU sales.”
AMD presumably was referring to a downgrade by Susquehanna analyst Christopher Rolland, who wrote that the “proliferation of Ethereum mining ASICs [application-specific integrated circuits] has the ability to impact ~20% of AMD's total company revenue.” Rolland has a negative rating on AMD's stock and a $7.50 price target. AMD's stock recently traded around $10.
The company's reassurance in recent months hasn't done much to quell investor anxiety. With shares down 21% over the past three months, AMD will seek to convince investors once again through its first-quarter earnings results and commentary, due out Wednesday afternoon, that it doesn't need crypto to thrive. Disappointing numbers, however, may stoke fears further. Investors are also somewhat worried about rival Nvidia Corp.'s NVDA, -1.20% exposure to cryptocurrencies.
See also: Nvidia details next steps in AI, including self-driving simulator
Aside from crypto, the company announced the launch of its second-generation Ryzen desktop processors last week and said that the new processors offer a performance boost of up to 15% relative to the prior version. Some believe the new Ryzen chip will help AMD better compete with Intel Corp. INTC, +0.68%
Investors should pay attention to commentary on the impact of Ryzen 2, wrote Morgan Stanley analyst Joseph Moore, who rates AMD shares at underweight with a $8 target price. They called the new processor “a 12nm upgrade of the Ryzen family that delivers evolutionary improvement” and wrote that they and their team “have seen the penetration of enthusiast desktop at relatively low levels.”
What to expect
Earnings: Analysts surveyed by FactSet predict that AMD earned an adjusted 9 cents per share in the March quarter, whereas it lost 4 cents per share a year earlier. According to Estimize, a platform that crowdsources estimates from hedge funds, academics, and others, the average projection also calls for 9 cents in per-share earnings.
Revenue: Both the FactSet and Estimize consensus numbers call for March-quarter revenue of $1.6 billion, up from $984 million a year prior.
Stock movement: AMD shares are down 23% over the past 12 months, compared with an 11% rise for the S&P 500 SPX, -1.34% and a 23% gain for the PHLX Semiconductor Index SOX, -0.82% Shares have fallen after half of the company's last 10 earnings reports. Of the 30 analysts who cover AMD's stock, 12 rate it a buy, 12 call it a hold, and six labels it a sell. The average price target is $13.78, 37% above current levels.
What else to watch for
Analysts will be looking for updates on AMD's momentum in the server business, where Nvidia has made major inroads while Intel continues to dominate.
Intel earnings: Cloud must grow to paper over PC slide
“Epyc traction is still limited as we have yet to see a volume announcement as firmware issues have contributed to delays (now resolved),” wrote Barclays analyst Blayne Curtis, who rates the stock at underweight with a $9 price target. “The plan is to get to mid-single-digit unit share ($200M-plus/quarter) exiting the year, requiring a significant inflection in 2H.”
Mizuho analyst Vijay Rakesh, too, will be looking for “signs of life with AMD's Epyc,” and they predict “modest” market shares gains in notebook PCs during the first half of the year. As for GPUs, Rakesh sees near-zero inventories which they believe will benefit AMD in the immediate term.
Don't miss: Can Facebook, Apple and Google keep powering tech's growth?
“That said, if there is a crypto-mining slowdown in 2H with declining crypto pricing, AMD's Epyc sales may need to ramp substantially to offset the slowdown,” wrote Rakesh, who has a buy rating on AMD's stock and a $17 target price. They doubt that AMD will see much early impact from a new custom chip made by Chinese competitor Bitmain Technologies. AMD's management may shed some light on the company's competitive positioning in the crypo-mining market.
Deutsche Bank analyst Ross Seymore also advises that investors pay attention to the impact of new accounting standards governing revenue recognition.
“For the Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom (EESC) segment, we estimate revs to remain ~flat q/q at $521m (34% of sales), better than the typical seasonal decline due to the pull in of revenues required by the adoption of ASC 606 (acceleration of revenue recognition for custom product sales, and distributor sell-in revenue recognition),” wrote Seymore, who rates AMD at hold with a $12 target.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has said it is a matter for the tribunal of inquiry judge to decide if its remit should be extended to other Garda whistleblowers but they signalled their support for their inclusion.
Justice spokespersons for each of the political parties are due to discuss the terms of reference of the tribunal of inquiry, looking at allegations that senior Garda management was involved in a smear campaign against Garda whistleblower Sergeant Maurice McCabe.
Other whistleblowers in the force have sought to be included in the tribunal.
Mr Kenny told Green party leader Eamon Ryan that “because the protected disclosure centrally involved two senior offices in the State, it will be mattered for the judge who will conduct the tribunal of inquiry, though I would think that it should be appropriate that there would be a facility there that if the judge thought fit it would be extended to other whistleblowers”.
Mr Ryan said that if they were to keep the tribunal from running at length and costing hundreds of millions of euros “it would be unwise to leave it to the judge”.
Under renewed pressure from the Opposition over their state of knowledge about the allegations of sexual crimes made against Sgt Maurice McCabe and included in a Tusla file, Mr Kenny referred again to their conversation with Minister for Children Katherine Zappone.
They insisted that they were legally precluded from reading the files.
Mr Kenny repeated they had been made aware of a Tusla file by Minister for Children Katherine Zappone but they did not comment on any detail in the conversation they had with Sgt McCabe.
‘Cabinet telepathy'
Mr Martin suggested there was “an extraordinary display of Cabinet telepathy'', given each Minister deduced for themselves individually that the investigation would cover the Tusla file, although they knew nothing about its contents.
ADVERTISEMENT
Mr Kenny said the terms of reference before the Cabinet clearly had as a central issue whether there was a smear campaign by senior gardaí against Sgt McCabe.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams said the Government's motion of confidence to be debated on Wednesday evening says “Dáil Éireann reaffirms its confidence in the Government”.
Mr Adams said the motion had only the Taoiseach's signature and no other. They asked if Mr Kenny could not get the support of any other party TDs.
“Could you not get a dig out from your partners in Government - the Independents?” they asked.
The motion of confidence counters the Sinn Féin motion of no confidence in the Government.
Mr Adams asked “why would any sensible caring person want this incoherent, incompetent, shambolic Government to survive”.
Author: Thomas Moore Conteh (CAN): Sierra Leone Telegraph: 24 April 2018:
The Citizens Advocacy Network (hereinafter referred to as CAN) is greatly disturbed by the “opera of petitioning” that has punctuated our governance temperature; in the wake of urgent expectations to press the progress button after a delayed and snail-like electioneering process.
We note with the highest concern that the flurry of petitions and counter petitions that have flooded our courts have the proclivity to negatively disrupt the reopening and commencement of the country's Fifth Parliament in the Second Republic, and undermine the representative and oversight functions that Parliament should be seen performing (as enshrined in the 1991 Constitution of Sierra Leone, Act No. 6).
While we decry the alleged unconstitutional and foul means of acquiring power, we equally pray our good Parliament to resist the temptation of using state institutions as a circus of scoring political points. Politics is over and we need all hands on deck to push the nation forward.
Just as the need for Parliament to start its operations cannot be overemphasized, so too can any disruption to its reopening or official business have adverse or far-reaching implications on governance and respect for the will of the people.
With a new Government in place, Parliament is with sheer exigency needed to swing into full operation to complement the efforts of the executive by way of endorsing or approving presidential nominees at different levels and to push the business of the state forward.
As it is, this ugly development has caused a serious setback to this process. In view of this, CAN is urging all those involved to put aside their partisan interests and to not only put the progress of the country first, but to desist from sacrificing the urgent business of governance on the altar of primordial party considerations. CAN in its estimation, considers Parliament as the repository of the people's power and will, and that any attempt to toy or play petty politics with it, will be a direct attack on the will of the people.
Against this backdrop, and as a promoter or champion of the cause of the people, CAN would like to once more register its utter shock at these developments.
The organization nonetheless, conscientiously appeals to the judiciary to hold the scale of justice in a balanced manner so as to foster the rule of law and the independence of the Judiciary.
Finally, CAN would like to draw the attention of all parties to their sacred duties to serve the people through these distinct but mutually interdependent organs of government. The people have spoken and their voices must never be treated with disdain. The process of charting a brighter path for them should not be delayed all in the name of petty political rivalry and points scoring. Time, is of the essence!
Signed : Thomas Moore Conteh , Ag. Executive Director
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Toughphone's latest release takes no prisoners with a host of impressive features
Toughphone has released its latest rugged device – the Defender Beast – which features the largest battery of any smartphone in the world.
The Beast is the sixth device to be released by Toughphone and follows on from the Defender, Defender 2 and Defender Pro smartphones and is available from Toughphone for £399.
It's main selling point will be the powerful 6,150mAh battery that Toughphone claims is the largest battery found in any smartphone worldwide and makes use of both fast and wireless charging.
The 5.5-inch screen is full HD and is IP69 water and dust-proof and can work with wet fingers and through extreme conditions.
The smartphone will run on Android Nougat 7.0 and comes equipped with a 16MP rear camera, 8MP front camera and a MediaTek MT6755 octa-core processor that utilises 4GB RAM and 64GB internal storage.
Customers can also customise the software of their Beast to their requirements through a pre-installed app and a barcode scanner which can be attached to the device.
Global Mobile Communications (GMC) is in charge of sales in the UK for Toughphone products and has shipped 30,000 units in the UK with the previous five in the line.
Speaking to Mobile News GMC managing director Stephen Westley spoke about The Beast's chances of success in what is a growing rugged market and believes an increase
in SIM-only customers reflects the fact that people want phones that last longer.
Westley said: “It's a growing market where there were virtually no rugged brands around a few years ago, now they're springing up everywhere.”
Discussing the new phone, Westley said the Defender Beast “stands out the most” compared to previous handsets and has listened carefully to what customers want regarding features, such as a heavy-duty battery and waterproofing.
GMC is targeting the B2B customer base rather than the “fiercely competitive” consumer market as Westley says it wants to build a premium brand, but didn't reveal any shipment targets for the Beast.
“We're going to build the brand over the next couple of years and support our partners with marketing and aftersales care and come up with an exciting range. We want to build a premium range that people are familiar with.”
The Beast is the first handset launch this year, with two more also in the pipeline for later in the year including a 4G feature phone with push to talk functions and a smartphone with walkie-talkie features.
St. Vincent unraveled defensively in the middle innings, and the Mustangs dropped a 12-5 decision to Athenian in the semifinal round of the North Coast Section Division 5 baseball playoffs on Tuesday.
The No. 1 seed carried a notable 25-game win streak into the contest that eventually ended its bid to reach the finals. It was the second consecutive season that St. Vincent has been bounced from the playoffs by the Owls.
Things looked good for the Mustangs in the early stages of the game when they jumped to a 5-1 lead after three innings. A ringing two-run double off the bat of third baseman Trent Free got the scoring under way in the first frame.
St. Vincent added three runs in the bottom of the third inning on RBI hits by Reno Nalducci, Matt Pierson and Andrew Kohler.
Nalducci hit the ball solidly all afternoon with three hits, and the senior scored a couple runs in their final game.
Free began the game with a spectacular diving grab at third. They jumped to their feet and gunned down the Owl runner for the play of the afternoon. The Mustang defense went downhill from that point.
Starting pitcher Ethan Rapoport had a very unfortunate fourth inning that began when a fly ball was lost in the sun and dropped harmlessly on the turf. A long fly ball into center field hit by Justin Armanino bounced away from a retreating Kohler and plated two runs.
The next batter lofted a soft fly ball into left field that was dropped for an error and another run scored. It was an uncharacteristic day for the St. Vincent defense that had played well during the regular season.
With one out in the fourth frame, Rapoport was lifted in favor of Gio Antonini, but the big Mustang reliever could not stem the tide. At the end of the top of the fifth inning it was 11-5 in favor of the Owls, and the big contingent of noisy fans from Danville had plenty to cheer about.
St. Vincent missed an opportunity to bounce back into the run fest after Rapoport and Nalducci both registered their third hits of the game. The Mustangs eventually loaded the bases, but a looping ball hit by Coleton Christiani was converted into a double play after a quick throw to third base. It was that kind of day.
Left-hander Brian Tierney started for Athenian, but they were pulled after the Mustangs began their threat in the fourth inning. They were replaced by Rashul Ray, who went the rest of the way without yielding a run. Tierney had seven wins for the Owls, who were the co-champions of the Bay Counties East League.
Athenian will face Branson of Ross in the Division V championship game on Saturday at Marin Catholic High School.
Armanino had a couple of hits and three RBIs for the fifth-seeded Owls, who had 11 safeties for the game.
It was a disappointing ending to an outstanding season by St. Vincent. The Mustangs posted a record of 25-1, and finished as one of the top teams in Northern California. St. Vincent was the undefeated champion of the North Central League II.
The Mustangs finished with 11 hits, and threatened in almost every inning, but they could not overcome their costly defensive miscues.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
Employers with religious or moral qualms will also be able to cover some birth control methods, and not others. Experts said that could interfere with efforts to promote modern long-acting implantable contraceptives, such as IUDs, which are more expensive.
The new policy was a long-anticipated revision to Affordable Care Act requirements that most companies cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. That Obama-era requirement applies to all FDA-approved methods, including the morning-after pill, which some religious conservatives call an abortion drug, though scientists say it has no effect on women who are already pregnant.
As a result of the ACA, most women no longer pay for contraceptives. Several advocacy groups immediately announced plans to try to block the Trump administration rule. “We are preparing to see the government in court,” said Brigitte Amiri, a senior attorney for the ACLU.
Catholic bishops called the administration's move a “return to common sense.”
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both their opponents and religious conservatives who back him, but it seems unlikely to have a major impact on America's largely secular workplaces.
“I can't imagine that many employers are going to be willing to certify that they have a moral objection to standard birth control methods,” said Dan Mendelson, president of the consulting firm Avalere Health.
That said, Mendelson said they worry the new rule will set a precedent for weakening ACA requirements that basic benefits be covered. “If you look at it as a public health issue, it is a step in the wrong direction, and it weakens the protections of the ACA,” they said.
Tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's policy, but the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected.
However, it's unclear how major religion-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond. Many Catholic hospitals now rely on an Obama-era workaround under which the government pays for the cost of birth control coverage. That workaround can continue under the new rules.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying with their own money for birth control pills has plunged to 3 percent, from 21 percent, according to the latest Kaiser Family Foundation figures.
“It was really important for women to have a choice of the full range of contraceptive methods that were FDA-approved,” said Alina Salganicoff, director of women's health policy for the Kaiser foundation. “This will now make it up to the employer whether or not to cover contraception, and whether to cover all methods.”
Salganicoff said she's concerned about coverage for implantable devices that are more expensive but also much more effective. “It opens up a lot of opportunities for employers to make choices about the coverage that women have right now,” they said.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religion-affiliated nonprofit groups and closely held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. In addition to nonprofits, privately held businesses will be able to seek an exemption on religious or moral grounds, while publicly traded companies can seek an exemption due to religious objections.
“No American should be forced to violate their or their own conscience in order to abide by the laws and regulations governing our health care system,” Health and Human Services spokesperson Caitlin Oakley said in a statement.
The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops welcomed the administration's decision.
“Such an exemption is no innovation, but instead a return to common sense, long-standing federal practice, and peaceful coexistence between church and state,” Cardinal Daniel N. DiNardo, the group's president, said in a joint statement with Archbishop William E. Lori of Baltimore, head of its religious liberty committee.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees.
Doctors' groups that were instrumental in derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law expressed their dismay.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
The new rules take effect right away.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Latest: Electoral board head rejects fraud claims
hello
Supporters of pro-'no' vote chant slogans as they protest in Istanbul, against the referendum outcome, early Monday, April 17, 2017. Hundreds of demonstrators marched in a central neighbourhood, clanking pots and pans and chanting 'this is just the beginning, the struggle will continue'. Associated Press
Supporters of the "Yes" vote celebrate in Istanbul, on Sunday, April 16, 2017. Erdoğan declared victory in Sunday's historic referendum that will grant sweeping powers to the presidency, hailing the result as a "historic decision." Associated Press
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, center right, waves to supporters as they leaf a polling station in Istanbul, on Sunday, April 16, 2017. Turkish voters were casting their ballots Sunday in a historic referendum on whether to approve constitutional reforms that would greatly expand the powers of Erdoğan. Associated Press
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan waves to supporters in Istanbul, Turkey, on Sunday, April 16, 2017. Erdoğan declared victory in Sunday's historic referendum that will grant sweeping powers to the presidency, hailing the result as a "historic decision." Associated Press
ANKARA, Turkey -- The Latest on Turkey's referendum on presidential powers (all times local):
11:20 a.m.
The head of Turkey's electoral board has rejected suggestions of fraud in Turkey's referendum that will grant the president vast new powers.
Two opposition parties have complained of a number of irregularities in Sunday's vote, including an electoral board decision to accept as valid ballots that did not bear the official stamp.
Sadi Guven, who heads the Supreme Electoral Board, defended the decision, telling reporters Monday that it was taken to ensure that voters who were by mistakenly given unstamped ballot papers would not be "victimized."
They insisted none of the ballot papers that were declared as valid was fake or fraudulently cast.
___
10 a.m.
Turkey's main opposition party is preparing to contest the results of a referendum that gave a narrow victory to President Tayyip Erdoğan's wishes to greatly expand the powers of their office.
The "yes" vote got 51.41 percent in Sunday's referendum, while the "no" vote got 48.59 percent, according state-run Anadolu Agency's results. Turkey's electoral board confirmed the "yes" victory.
Oposition parties complained of a number of irregularities in the voting, including an electoral board decision to accept as valid ballots that did not bear the official stamp.
Legislator Utku Cakirozer told the AP that their Republican People's Party would on Monday file objections to results at local electoral board branches, before taking their case to the Supreme Electoral Board.
Cakiozer said: "At the moment this is a dubious vote."
Boston Red Sox' Rafael Devers, left, slides home past Washington Nationals catcher Pedro Severino to score on a sacrifice fly by Jackie Bradley Jr., during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Washington. Nick Wass AP Photo
Locals in a small north Queensland fishing town in Australia improvised with rubbish bins and hay bales to corral a 3.5m crocodile who wandered into their midst on New Year's Eve.
The crocodile kept police and residents in Karumba, on the shores of the Gulf of Carpentaria, on high alert for most of Saturday until environment department officials arrived from Cairns, about 700km away, to capture and remove the reptile.
The male saltwater crocodile was discovered sunning itself in the backyard of a local house on Karumba's waterfront Esplanade around 6am on Saturday, later moving to the property's front gate.
Police and locals “initially orchestrated a line of wheelie bins in an attempt to funnel them back towards the water but it became clear they aren't keen to move”, police media said in a release.
Video:
A video uploaded to YouTube captured locals' disappointment when the crocodile, after taking a few tentative steps in the direction of the shoreline, performed an about face to return to their post at the house's front gate where they remained for the rest of the day.
Officers then decided to surround the crocodile with hay bales to contain them until the wildlife officials arrived from Cairns. The animal was reportedly then hoisted by forklift into a boat as the new year countdown approached on Saturday night.
The reptile remains in a local holding facility, with the environment department trying to find it a new home, such as a crocodile farm, a spokesperson said on Monday.
A local resident, Danielle Day, told the ABC the crocodile wandered into two accommodation complexes before settling in the residential backyard.
“We've been here for nearly 10 years and we've never seen that happen, like [A CROCODILE]come up on to the road and come up to where people stay,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Karumba, on the banks of the Norman river with a population of about 500, is billed as a “fishing Mecca” and the inspiration for the Red Hot Chili Peppers song Animal Bar, named after the local pub.
The Karumba crocodile was one of almost 400 removed by wildlife officers in 2016 under Queensland's largely non-lethal management plan for the protected animal.
Guardian Service
YouTube canceled its top star's show on Tuesday over their anti-Semitic jokes, complicating its efforts to court television advertisers while also retaining its edgy video stars.
YouTube, a unit of Alphabet Inc.'s GOOG, +0.15% GOOGL, +0.13% Google, distanced itself from its most popular creator — 27-year-old Felix Kjellberg, who goes by PewDiePie — after The Wall Street Journal reported they made anti-Semitic jokes or showed Nazi imagery in nine videos since August. Walt Disney Co. DISN, +0.55% , which helped run Kjellberg's business, severed ties after the revelations.
Disney Cuts Ties to YouTube Superstar PewDiePie (4:26) Felix Kjellberg, better known as PewDiePie, has 53 million subscribers to their YouTube channel, making them the biggest star on the site by far. Now Disney says it is cutting ties to the Swedish 27-year-old after WSJ inquired about videos they posted in which they include anti-Semitic jokes or Nazi imagery. Warning: Graphic language and content.
YouTube canceled the second season of Kjellberg's show, “Scare PewDiePie,” which anchored YouTube's $10-a-month subscription service. The company also pulled their YouTube channel from its Google Preferred program that lets advertisers buy space before “some of the most engaging and brand safe” videos on YouTube. The PewDiePie channel has amassed 53 million subscribers, nearly double the next most popular YouTube channel.
However, Kjellberg can still maintain a significant presence on YouTube. They will be able to post videos to their channel and ads can appear before their videos, generating income for them through shared advertising revenue with YouTube. Most ads on the site are placed through automated auctions that match ads with the demographic of viewers marketers choose. In Kjellberg's case, their viewers are mostly male teenagers. Companies can blacklist their channel.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's brief White House stint caps contentious career.
Disney severs ties with YouTube star PewDiePie after anti-Semitic posts.
Photo: PA Images/Sipa/USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Steven Tyler is feeling a little bit country.
Tyler will be hitting the road with new Nashville act Loving Mary Band in support of their 2016 solo debut, We're All Somebody From Somewhere, the Out On A Limb tour kicks off July 2 in Las Vegas.
Related: Steven Tyler's GRAMMY Party Raises $2.4 Million for Sex Abuse Victims
The tour will feature the singer performing both solo and Aerosmith music, adding to the performances by sharing stories behind the making of the most famous track from their storied career.
“What would I not pay to go see (Paul) McCartney, but instead of playing with whoever he's with now, actually do (a show) where they tell you what they were thinking when they wrote Yesterday?” Tyler explained to USA Today about the inspiration behind the tour. “That's what I'm doing. I figured I'd talk about Sweet Emotion and Dream On and where I was when I wrote it, and Seasons of Wither and how I played it.”
While Tyler will be exploring the history of Aerosmith's biggest hits on the tour, they made to emphasize that this will not be their usual rock and roll affair.
“It's a full-on country feel,” Tyler said. “People ask me, ‘Why'd you go country?' It was almost a shoo-in. I always wanted to do Everly Brothers.”
“It really is beautiful getting out there and singing with a band, where I can look at all the guys and go, ‘Stop playing right now' and we'll just sing a cappella,” the singer added about the Loving Mary Band. “I've never been in a band like that, so it's a whole new thing for me.”
See Tyler's North American tour itinerary below.
7/2 — Las Vegas, NV @ Venetian Theatre
7/5 — Los Angeles, CA @ Dolby Theatre
7/8 — Seattle, WA @ Marion Oliver McCaw Hall
7/10 — Vancouver, Canada @ Orpheum Theatre
7/14 — San Francisco, CA @ The Masonic
7/20 — Phoenix, AZ @ Comerica Theatre
7/23 — Denver, CO @ Ellie Caulkins Opera House
7/26 — Austin, TX @ Bass Concert Hall
7/29 — Houston, Brown Theater at Wortham Center
8/1 — Dallas, TX @ Music Hall at Fair Park
8/13 — Chicago, IL @ Chicago Theatre
8/17 — Nashville, TN @ Andrew Jackson Hall at TPAC
8/23 — Washington, D.C., @ Warner Theatre
8/29 — Clearwater, FL @ Ruth Eckerd Hall
9/1 — Atlanta, GA @ Cobb Energy Performing Arts Center
9/4 — Boston, MA @ Citi Performing Arts Center Wang Theatre
9/7 — Philadelphia, PA @ Academy of Music
9/10 — Providence, RI @ Providence Performing Arts Center
9/13 — Toronto, Canada @ Sony Centre for the Performing Arts
Just after they were inaugurated as president, there were concerns that Donald Trump was still using their old, unsecured Samsung Galaxy S3 to send out tweets. But it seems that their current chief of staff, John Kelly, had already fallen victim to hackers, who compromised their phone in an attack that potentially happened up to a month before Trump took office.
According to a new report from Politico that cites three US government officials, White House tech staff only found out about the suspected breach when Kelly handed in the phone this summer, complaining that it had been glitchy and not updating properly for months. It's thought an attack could have occurred as far back as December 2016. White House aides circulated a memo regarding the situation last month.
The phone was Kelly's own device, rather than their government-issued one. A White House spokesperson said they rarely used their personal phone since joining the administration, though “rarely” isn't the same as never. They added that Kelly no longer possessed the handset.
Despite several days of “testing” by tech staff, it's unclear how the phone was initially breached and, most importantly, whether any sensitive government information was accessed. We still don't know what kind of device Kelly was using, though they have been seen with an iPhone in the past.
The news comes during an internal probe into senior White House officials, including Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, using their personal emails while engaging in government business.
“Logo is an art which comes from heart”
Logo designing is the fine art, everyone wishes to learn thing. You want to learn or hone your skill in the art of designing? Then have a look on this top logo designing resources.
Logo Designing –
Visit the following logo designing resource that might help you in logo designing. As I mention logo is an art which comes from heart. Our designer they change their thinking process to design your logo. These are some following logo resources –
1. Onlinefreelogo –
Looking for lots of new logo design ideas, free graphics and web resources are free available here. You can generate your own business logo by customizing OFL logo templates and be the winner.
2. Design Instruction –
Design instruction offers lots of free resources such as icons, vectors, fonts, stock and image.
3. Creative Market –
On creative market you are able to create logo for your business, check out their get free goods section for a line-up of the best free goodies from the past week.
4. Pixel Buddha –
Offer an endless catalogue of freebies, including fonts, icons, patterns, illustrator, and textures. Time to time pixel Buddha hosts special offers giving you access to premium goods for nothing.
5. Endless Icons –
Its offers you unlimited icons which is specified by the brand name endless. From the usual suspects of the web corporate and society to more usual theme such as beauty, food and fun icons – at here you can find what you need.
6. Graphic Fuel –
An online resource which provides you high quality Photoshop freebies with the original source file in .PSD format.
7. FreePik –
Freepik is the best place for you if you need some victor deigns. Freepik is the leading search engine for graphics.
I hope so this logo generator resources going to help you for design your logo according to your business requirement. I feel happy to share my knowledge with you and I'm going to share what I have known.
Global Effervescent Packaging Market Information Report by Packaging Type (Tubes, Sachets, Stick Packs, and others), By Product (Tablets and Powder), by Application (Pharmaceuticals, Nutraceuticals and Others) and By Region – Forecast To 2023
Market Scenario:
On the basis of regions, global effervescent packaging market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). Europe dominates the global effervescent packaging market. Countries such as Germany, France and U.K. have a very high healthcare expenditure. Rising consumer demand in preventive health and increased spending by the government on healthcare are some factors driving the growth of the market. North America is the second largest region in the market. It is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Continuously growing pharmaceutical market in North America region has a positive influence on the growth of the market.
The global effervescent packaging market has been segmented based on packaging type, product, application and region. On the basis of packaging type, the market is segmented as tubes, sachets, stick packs, and others. The Tubes segment dominates the packaging type segment of the market. Effervescent tablet tubes are non-toxic and immune to microbiological attack. Additionally, these tubes are customer friendly and optimal for daily use. On the basis of product, the market is segmented as tablets and powder. The tablets segment dominates the product segment of the market. Effervescent tablets are a widely used dosage form in the pharmaceutical industry, for example for treating pain, fever or respiratory diseases. These tablets ease the intake of medicines for patients, especially for those with difficulty in swallowing. Powder product is also expected to contribute significantly during the forecast period.
Effervescent Packaging is used for packing effervescent tablets and powders. Effervescent tablets are high on vitamin content, and in contact with liquid, they break up and form a solution.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg received the inaugural Genesis Prize Foundation Lifetime Achievement Award Wednesday at a ceremony held at the Rabin Center in Tel-Aviv.
Ginsburg received the award for their legendary advocacy on behalf of gender equality and the advancement of women.
The event was part of Genesis's year-long philanthropic initiative focused on gender equality and equal opportunities for women, which includes two grant competitions in Israel and North America. Genesis will invest up to $3 million in new investments in organizations working for women's causes by winter 2018.The Lifetime Achievement Award does not involve a monetary reward.“I am a judge, born, raised and proud of being a Jew,” said Ginsburg. “The demand for justice, for peace and for enlightenment runs through the entirety of Jewish history and Jewish tradition. I hope in all the years I have the good fortune to continue serving on the bench of the Supreme Court of the United States, I will have the strength and courage to remain steadfast in the service of that demand.”The event was co-hosted by Genesis chairperson Stan Polovets, Israeli philanthropist and Genesis partner Morris Kahn and former deputy defense minister Dalia Rabin. Former Supreme Court president Aharon Barak bestowed the award on Ginsburg.“Without a doubt, they are one of the great legal minds of our time; an outstanding Jewish jurist whose fearless pursuit of human rights, equality and justice for all stems from their Jewish values,” Barak said.Also, in attendance were current Supreme Court president Esther Hayut, and several retired presidents of the court, including Dorit Beinisch, the first woman to hold the post.Beinisch said the impact of Ginsburg's contributions on civil rights – and women's rights in particular – is “difficult to underestimate.”“In my mind they are a quintessential Jewish woman whose vigor, intelligence and virtue represent the very heart of the Jewish and human spirit,” Beinisch said.In 1971, Ginsburg co-founded the Women's Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union. They were appointed a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in 1980. President Bill Clinton nominated them as an associate justice of the Supreme Court, and they took their seat August 10, 1993.“This award is a testament to your remarkable contributions to building a fairer and more just society, and to your lifelong effort to widen the circle of opportunity,” wrote Clinton to Ginsburg in a letter read at the ceremony. “Your groundbreaking legal work has pioneered civil liberties and women's rights in the United States. I will always be proud to have appointed you to the Supreme Court.”Ginsburg was selected for this inaugural award in November 2017 by five Genesis Prize laureates: former New York mayor Michael R. Bloomberg (2014); actor and peace activist Michael Douglas (2015); virtuoso violinist and advocate for people with disabilities Itzhak Perlman (2016); prominent sculptor and activist for the rights of refugees Sir Anish Kapoor (2017); and actor and director Natalie Portman (2018).“Throughout history, Jewish women have been at the forefront of humanity's fight for gender equality,” said Polovets. “In honoring Justice Ginsburg as an outstanding daughter of the Jewish people, we also pay tribute to the many Jewish women who have made contributions to gender equality in all aspects of human endeavor.”
Let's understand what is this PCD Pharma Franchise Model? PCD Pharma Franchise Model is accepted and safely, can be termed as a time-tested model. It started almost one and half decade back with an experiment which now has become a full-blown Industry.
Pharma Franchiser develops its product range by getting the product manufactured through Third Party Contract Manufacturer under its own Brand Name. The product clearly mentions Manufactured by (Contract manufacturer) under its Manufacturing License and also is mentioned Marketed by (Pharma Franchiser). Once the range is developed they advertise their company in print and digital media the author Mr Rajneesh Gupta recommends Digital media like PharmaBizConnect, Pharma Franchise companies then approaches franchiser and negotiates the deal. When both the parties satisfy themselves with each other credentials that the deal materializes.
Pharma Franchiser sends the product along with marketing tools to Pharma franchise and then Pharma franchise sells the products in the market this can also be termed as propaganda cum distributor wherein PCD Pharma companies stores as well as sells the products of Pharma Franchiser. For more information visit at http://www.pharmabizconnect.com
Scientists at the Royal College of Surgeons Ireland have established a new way of growing cancer cells in the laboratory that could speed up development of new drugs to fight cancer. The secret? It's all about saying goodbye to flat research and finding your 3D groove.
The researchers have demonstrated cancer cells grown in 3D respond to treatment with chemotherapy in a similar way to tumours growing inside the body. Their work was recently published in the scientific journal Acta Biomaterialia.
Dr Olga Piskareva, leading childhood cancer researcher at RCSI explains that most experiments carried out in the laboratory involve cancer cells cultured on a flat surface, limiting the amount of information we can obtain from them.
“This approach has been useful to find new drugs which we now use in anticancer treatment, for example, but it still doesn't mimic the actual environment where cells come from,” they say. Dr Piskareva, whose work is funded by the National Children's Research Centre, believes that if scientists can grow cells in an environment which is closer – at least in the geometry perspective – to what happens in the body, this will seriously improve the drug screening process, increasing the chances of finding effective drugs or drug combinations to fight cancer.
“Cells grow in the body in three dimensions,” says Dr Piskareva, “because our body has height, width and depth [and this is true for] every single part and every single building block of the body such as cells. When we take the cells and grow them in flasks in the lab, cells lose one dimension, because they grow on a flat surface.”
Dr Piskareva explains that the model developed in their laboratory mimics the environment cells normally live in. “We have a scaffold which to some extent looks like a sponge, made from collagen. We use collagen because it is a natural protein that provides strength and structure to our bodies in three dimensions. We then load the cells on these sponges; they soak and start to grow.”
“Collagen scaffolds [provide] a natural three-dimensional environment. So, when we load cells, they attach to collagen and grow like grapes, mimicking what happens in the body. When we treat them with a drug, the treatment mimics reality.”
This model would show scientists how well prospective drugs work before they are tested in animal models. Using the current “flat” model, many drugs that look promising in the cell culture stage fail when they are tested in animals because cells growing in two dimensions react to drugs differently from when they grow in 3D. Testing the drugs in a 3D cell culture model will help identify the drugs that have the better chance of working in animals, eliminating a lot of unnecessary testing.
“This model helps to reduce the number of animals that we can use, because we can see if our drug responds differently in the 3D system in comparison with our traditional “flat” culture system,” Dr Piskareva says. This model can also help test different drug combinations as well as single drugs.
“Originally these scaffolds were developed for bone tissue regeneration by our collaborators at RCSI Tissue Engineering and Research Group (TERG), who are trying to figure out how they can use different materials of natural and artificial origin to recreate a scaffold that can temporarily mimic bone.”
“If you have a fracture/crack in the bone and you put one of these sponges inside, it'll make a temporary plug which will accelerate growth of bone tissue and help heal bone much faster,” Dr Piskareva says. So from bone regeneration to helping with the development of new anti-cancer drugs: this is a good example of how research can uncover new uses of existing knowledge and technology.
Dr Piskareva notes that that this is a minimal model of our tissue, because in reality there are not just cancer cells inside a tumour. “With this model you can increase complexity by adding different types of cells, such as cells that form the blood vessels . . .You will have a two-cell type system and can investigate how blood vessel cells interact with cancer cells and how drugs that try to cut blood flow to cancer cells could affect cancer cell growth.”
The next step for Dr Piskareva's team is to try and reconstruct tumour microenvironment using the scaffolds by incorporating more non-cancerous cell types and structural molecules that form the native tumour.
“On the other side, these scaffolds could help if you take a biopsy from a patient, disintegrate the cells, load them on our scaffold and see which drugs are beneficial for a particular patient and at which dose. We will be able to predict which drug or combination of drugs would be beneficial for a patient,” they say.
The personalised medicine approach is a hot topic at the moment, but is it feasible? “It might take some time, but it's possible, because there are [already] models like these in mice, and these biopsies respond in exactly the same fashion as tumours in the patient.” However, as Dr Piskareva points out, these tests could be run in the scaffolds and there would be no need to use any animals for them.
Although the discovery could be applicable in principle to any solid tumour, Dr Piskareva's target is neuroblastoma, a relatively common child cancer which affects a specific type of nerve cells in unborn children. “It's quite aggressive and unfortunately there are many children who have metastasis when they are diagnosed, and this is the most challenging group to treat.”
They point out that children are not small adults; the same is true about their cancers. “It is very interesting that some types of cancers which we see in adults don't exist in children and vice versa. When adults are diagnosed with cancer we know that the risk factors are usually due to lifestyle habits or social environment; in children we don't know, which makes it worse because we can't predict it.”
No one knows why neuroblastoma happens and quickly spread to other parts of the body. “We have to understand how and why neuroblastoma cells spread, so we can identify the weaknesses that we can target to stop the metastatic process. This new 3D scaffold based tumour model is a promising tool to make it happen faster.”
One size jeans have officially arrived in the USA! The world famous stretch jeans (as seen on buzzfeed and business insider) which fit a US size 2-14 can now be purchased on onesizeusa.com, delivering to all of North America. Get more information about One Size Pants
The Santa Maria office of the California Highway Patrol has announced there are openings available for the next Start Smart classes scheduled for 6 to 8 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 7.
Anyone who is interested in enrolling their son or daughter (age 15 to 20) for this free one-time, two-hour class can make reservations by calling the Santa Maria CHP area office at 805.349.8728.
The class will be held at the California Highway Patrol office at 1710 N. Carlotti Drive in Santa Maria.
Start Smart addresses traffic safety issues that directly affect new drivers in a way no other program does. Start Smart speaks directly to the newly licensed drivers and their parents/guardians.
Some of the topics of this class include:
» Collision avoidance techniques
» Collision causing elements
» Driver responsibilities
»Local collision trends
» Viewing of Red Asphalt V; this 15-minute film emphasizes the necessity to drive responsibly and the consequences drivers face when they don't.
For reservations, information or questions call the Santa Maria CHP office at 805.349.8728.
— Robert Miller represents the California Highway Patrol.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Acciughe Pasta Sauce Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Ca' de la Pasina, Zarotti, Villa Reale, Artigiana funghi.
The report begins with introducing the global Acciughe Pasta Sauce market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Acciughe Pasta Sauce report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acciughe-pasta-sauce-market/5920/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Acciughe Pasta Sauce Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Anchovy With Green Sauce, Anchovy With Tomato Sauce, Others.
Acciughe Pasta Sauce Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Restaurants, Hotels, Enterprises, Institutions, Others.
Key points in the Acciughe Pasta Sauce Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acciughe-pasta-sauce-market/5920/#inquiry
From all of this Acciughe Pasta Sauce market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Acciughe Pasta Sauce market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Acciughe Pasta Sauce distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Posted on June 14, 2013 | 10:00 a.m.
Source: Rudolics Family
Laszlo Rudolics died peacefully at home June 10, 2013, after a lengthy illness. They were born in Budapest, Hungary, on August 26, 1943. They and their family escaped from the country in 1956 after the failed Hungarian Revolution to overthrow the Soviet occupation of Hungary.
After spending various lengths of time in refugee camps located in several European countries, Mr. Rudolics and their family were finally allowed to immigrate to the United States.
After spending several years in Tucson, Arizona, Laszlo relocated to Santa Barbara, California, in the mid-1960's Laszlo spent time in the military as a medic and after getting out of the Army they held several positions as a machinist before going to work for Soilmoisture Equipment Corp. located in Goleta, California. They held the position of production manager for 30 years until their retirement.
Their father Gregory; their brother, Tibor; and their son, Jeff, preceded them in death.
 They are survived by their mother, Mary, and their brothers, Sandor and Zoltan; their children, Jason, Daniel, Tina and Mia; and six grandchildren.
Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapel, located at 15 E. Sola St. in Santa Barbara, will be handling the funeral arrangements and respects may be paid between 11 a.m. and noon Saturday, June 15.
In lieu of flowers, their family asks for your prayers and good thoughts.
UPS workers gather outside after a reported shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco on Wednesday, June 14, 2017. San Francisco police confirmed a shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood but didn't release information on injuries or the shooter. Eric Risberg AP Photo
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption BHS collapsed in 2017 with the loss of 11,000 jobs
"Irresponsible" company directors who profit from their firm's failure while workers and suppliers lose out face a fresh crackdown under government plans.
Proposals include clawing back money for workers and suppliers by reversing asset sales by struggling firms.
And bosses who sell a firm "knowing it would fail" would be held liable.
Ministers said the collapse of firms such as Carillion and BHS had sparked fears directors could shield themselves from the impact of insolvency.
Ex-BHS owner Dominic Chappell fined £87,000
Probe into Carillion finance directors
The government said while most companies were run responsibly, the small number of firms which were not risked harming the UK's attractiveness as a place to invest.
"These reforms will give the regulatory authorities much stronger powers to come down hard on abuse and to make irresponsible directors bear the consequences of their actions," said business secretary Greg Clark.
Image copyright AFP Image caption More than 1,000 Carillion workers have lost their jobs since the firm went into liquidation in January
The government's proposals include:
●New sanctions including fines and disqualification for directors selling companies recklessly
●Inappropriate asset stripping could be reversed with the money given back to workers and small suppliers
●Directors dissolving companies to dodge debts and avoid facing accusations of misconduct would face investigation for the first time
Mr Clark said the government's proposals would also give the Insolvency Service new powers to investigate directors of dissolved companies.
The government's Insolvency Service currently disqualifies around 1,200 directors a year.
The plans will now be opened for consultation.
Frank Field, chairperson of the Work and Pensions Committee, said: "I welcome any move that holds individuals more accountable for their conduct, and strengthens the hand of the little guy as a result."
But shadow business secretary Rebecca Long-Bailey, said the government had taken too long to act.
"The failure of BHS and Carillion showed how quickly the future of a company and its workforce can be sacrificed for the sake of a quick buck.
"The government should have taken action then, instead of choosing to ignore alarm bell after alarm bell," they said.
Police have launched an investigation amid allegations that couples have been double or triple booked for their weddings at a Tayside hotel.
Couples who have weddings planned at Guthrie Castle near Forfar have been urged to contact the venue after claims were made that their bookings had been mismanaged.
The allegations are said to have come to light at the weekend when two wedding parties arrived at the venue at the same time.
The police probe centres on claims that a worker had taken deposits off couples and double-booked their big days, before taking the cash.
It is unknown how many couples are said to be affected — but Lynsey Swan, 28, and partner Gavin Smith, 31, from the Arbroath Road area, have a wedding booked at the castle for next June.
Lynsey today told the Tele that they were “still in the dark” over their big day.
They said: “I was told about everything that was going about on social media and I was contacted by my wedding photographer too.
“It is a total nightmare but there are other people whose weddings could be next weekend.
“We put down a deposit of just over £2,000 and we don't know what will happen with that.”
Megan McNamee, from Dundee, took to social media to say they were also due to get married at the venue.
They added: “We potentially have to look at other venues and start from scratch again.
“It is a total nightmare basically having to start all over again if we can't get our date.
“We can potentially move our date at Guthrie but people we have booked are already booked up so we are at a bit of a loss.
“Any help will be appreciated.”
The Guthrie Castle website was shut down today and only displayed a message saying: “Anyone who has booked for a wedding or event with Guthrie Castle kindly contact us on 01241 828691.”
A spokesperson for Guthrie Castle declined to comment when approached by the Tele but said that the company would be releasing a statement in the coming days.
However, one photographer said the venue was “pulling out the stops” to rectify things.
A police spokesperson said: “‘Police Scotland is aware of the matter and is carrying out inquiries.”
This was the scene which visitors to Derby's River Gardens would have seen in the 1970s as they strolled past the Council House towards Exeter Bridge and beyond.
It is a view which is much altered more than 40 years later, although the prominent and iconic tower of the city's famous Silk Mill, which can be seen in the background, is still, of course, very much in evidence in 2017.
Long gone, however, is the large building which housed a timber merchant and the tall chimney behind, which have both subsequently vanished from the skyline. Judging by the fallen leaves on the grass, this view was probably taken in early autumn.
Does anyone know the name of the timber merchants and when it was demolished? Was the chimney part of the same site or did that belong to another firm?
BEND, Ore. (AP) – Authorities say the former CEO of an Oregon aircraft company who defrauded customers by using their money for other projects and to support their lavish lifestyle has pleaded guilty.
The Bulletin reports 73-year-old Fred Schrameck of Bend pleaded guilty Monday to a charge of wire fraud.
Federal prosecutors say the former Epic Air CEO solicited more than $1.4 million from customers to buy and help build experimental aircraft, including the Epic LT.
Prosecutors say the airframe purchase agreements and aircraft completion assistance agreements that they gave to customers misrepresented how the money was being spent.
Schrameck is scheduled to be sentenced in August.
Their company was purchased in 2010 and renamed Epic Aircraft.
—
Information from: The Bulletin, http://www.bendbulletin.com
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Minnesota lawmakers are cracking down on drunk drivers — on snowmobiles and ATVs.
The move comes after a drunk snowmobile driver killed a Chisago County boy in January who was out ice fishing with their father.
The case sparked outrage around the state.
Because of a loophole in the law, a drunk driver in a car or truck can still operate a snowmobile or ATV.
Eight-year-old Alan Geisenkoetter Jr. died five days after they went ice fishing with their parents on Chisago Lake in January.
They were struck by a snowmobile moving at high speeds. The driver of the vehicle had been drinking, authorities say.
What made the case even worse: The snowmobile driver had previous DWIs, and their driver's license had been revoked three times.
“This shouldn't happen! This just shouldn't happen,” said state Rep. Anne Neu (R – North Branch). “This man should never have been on a snowmobile to begin with.”
Neu is now sponsoring a bill to toughen up laws on outdoor vehicles.
It would revoke the driving privileges for a snowmobile or ATV for one year for any person who commits a DWI offense in any vehicle, including cars and trucks.
“There's been an outpouring of support in our community for the family of this little boy,” they said. “Everyone is of course shocked and horrified that this could happen.”
NATO's chief says the military alliance would be concerned if reports that Russia has violated a Cold War-era treaty by deploying a cruise missile prove true.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, possibly violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty on the development and testing of cruise missiles.
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said Wednesday that "compliance with arms control agreements is of great importance and especially when it comes to treaties covering nuclear weapons."
They said that "any non-compliance of Russia with the INF Treaty would be a serious concern for the alliance."
Their remarks in Brussels came before chairing the first meeting of NATO defense ministers with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.
Gemsny.com is a name to reckon with in the jewelry industry for its huge collection of high quality, beautifully hand-crafted gemstone jewelry and other jewelry across the globe. This popular online jewelry store has a vast selection of pearl jewelry that includes pearl earrings, pearl studs and other mesmerizing pieces of jewelry. All of their loose rubies are sourced from the best locations and they are considered as unique and precious by both critics and customers. Recently, they had launched a dazzling collection of aesthetically designed pearl earrings which sold like mouth-watering cakes on the market. They have always created waves on the market with every new collection of gemstone jewelry and other jewelry.
This noted online jewelry store believes that pearl is forever and can be girl's best friend like diamonds. Pearl earrings can complement the beauty of a woman with its elegance and unending charm. Pearl stud earrings are the favorites of women of all ages. Pearl earrings are truly unique and wonderful gift for yourself or someone very special in your life. Designer pearl earrings can be a perfect choice for a wonderful business suit or evening attire. The right matching pearl earrings can be worn on casual occasions or the dressiest of occasions depending on the style and type of jewelry and your individual taste and fancy. Buying pearl earrings is not merely about finding the most expensive piece but it must match your dress and also your taste. You can buy classic pearl stud earrings that would lend elegance and charm to an ornate gown, while simple gowns may go very well with dangle pearl earrings.
Pearl earrings come in a wide range of colors, size, and price. The most traditional and popular pearls come in white and black but also in a wide array of various other colors such as pink, peach, golden etc. The best part is that women now have the luxury of multiple choices. Perfect peal earrings with matching pearl necklace are the perfect buy or as a gift for your loved ones and have always been the preferred choice for many women. If you want to buy pearl earrings, pearl studs and other fine pearl jewelry, you should visit this reputed online jewelry store. You can browse through their unique collection of pearl jewelry and pick your favorite piece. You can also get pearl earrings within your budget. Buy pearl stud earrings for your loved ones to celebrate important occasions.
Monsanto Company and 2Blades Foundation (2Blades) have formed a collaboration to discover novel sources of genetic resistance to devastating corn diseases.
2Blades will deliver these resistance genes in collaboration with The Sainsbury Laboratory, Norwich, the leading global institute for research on plant-pathogen interactions and long-term partner of 2Blades.
“Mid and late season corn disease complexes such as stalk and ear rots are among the most significant corn diseases and are endemic across many major growing regions, with the potential to cause significant yield losses,” Monsanto's biotechnology lead, Mr Tom Adams said.
They said “With few effective treatment options or resistant hybrids available, developing new solutions is critical and this collaboration will help bring much-needed disease-resistance solutions to corn farmers.”
2Blades' mission is to contribute to world-wide food security by developing crops with long-lasting resistance to pathogens in order to reduce losses due to disease. “This program aims to produce genetic solutions for a difficult set of diseases that causes significant yield loss in corn,” the president of 2Blades, Madam Diana Horvath said. “The combination of The Sainsbury Laboratory's extensive expertise in the molecular basis of plant disease, 2Blades' proficiency in managing the discovery and advancement of plant disease resistance, and Monsanto's proven ability to deliver products to farmers provide a strong foundation for producing new genetic solutions for corn diseases.”
“The Sainsbury Laboratory's dual mission is to carry out fundamental research and to capitalise on these discoveries to reduce crop losses to important diseases,” said Cyril Zipfel, head of The Sainsbury Laboratory. “This collaboration allows us to address important crop problems with a partner that can bring the solutions to market.”
The collaboration complements Monsanto's work to discover and develop products that help farmers protect yield with broad-spectrum and durable disease control against economically-important broad acre diseases. 2Blades retains the rights to deploy new lead.
LONDON (AP) — Lady Gaga has canceled 10 concerts in Europe because of severe pain, the tour's promoter said Saturday.
Live Nation said the musician is “suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted their ability to perform live.”
In a statement posted on social media, Lady Gaga said they were “devastated” to disappoint their fans. They said their medical team “is supporting the decision for me to recover at home.”
The singer had been due to play Sunday and Thursday at London's O2 Arena as part of their Joanne World Tour. The other canceled concerts were in Manchester; Zurich; Cologne, Germany; Stockholm; Copenhagen, Denmark; Berlin and two shows in Paris.
Lady Gaga previously postponed their European shows in September after being hospitalized in Rio de Janeiro suffering from “severe physical pain.”
In their statement, Gaga apologized to fans in Europe and Rio, saying “I love you, but this is beyond my control.”
They resumed the tour in North America in November and in January played several dates in Europe.
The 31-year old singer-songwriter, whose real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, has spoken about suffering from fibromyalgia, a chronic pain condition.
Lady Gaga has been open about their physical and mental health struggles, saying in September they have been “searching for years to get to the bottom of them.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Heavy smog that blanketed northern China at the weekend cleared somewhat on Monday, with flights in Beijing back to normal, but it was likely only to be a brief respite with more choking smog expected to return to the wintry north within 24 hours.
Weather forecasts on Monday showed the smog would return to Beijing and nearby Tianjin city from Tuesday. It was expected to persist until Thursday in Hebei, the heavily industrialized province that surrounds the Chinese capital, and Henan and Shandong provinces as the north battles freezing temperatures, channelnewsasia.com reported.
Authorities have been issuing smog alerts across China's north since mid-December, leading to orders for hundreds of factories to cut production or close outright and for restrictions on motorists to cut emissions.
Pollution alerts are common in northern China, especially during winter when energy demand, much of it met by coal, soars.
A pollution index that measures the average concentration of small breathable particles, known as PM2.5, dropped to just over 100 micrograms per cubic meter in Beijing early on Monday from more than 500 on Sunday night.
The safe recommended level of PM2.5 is 10 micrograms per cubic meter, according to the World Health Organization.
A customer service staff member at the Beijing Capital International Airport said flights were returning to normal. Heavy smog on Sunday caused hundreds of flights to be cancelled and highways to shut, disrupting the first day of the New Year holiday.
On Monday, the Beijing government maintained its orange alert for heavy pollution and continued a ban on heavy-duty construction trucks from using the roads.
An orange alert is the second-highest level in a four-tier pollution warning system adopted by Beijing when China, worried that its heavy industrial past was tarnishing its global reputation and holding back development, declared a "war on pollution" in 2014.
Despite that declaration, public anger is mounting about pollution and what many Chinese sees as government talk, but little action, to end it. That anger has occasionally spilled over into protests.
Late on Sunday, the Ministry of Environmental Protection said 62 northern cities had issued yellow, orange or red alerts.
The latest bout of air pollution began on Friday. China has struggled to tackle the problem effectively after decades of breakneck economic growth, much of it based on heavy industry and the coal-fired power sector.
Police are treating the death of a six-year-old girl whose body was found in woodland on the Isle of Bute on Monday as murder, officers have confirmed.
In a press conference late on Tuesday evening, Police Scotland said a postmortem examination had confirmed that the body recovered was that of Alesha MacPhail. They appealed for anyone who was involved in the search operation that was carried out on Monday to come forward.
“Alesha's family is utterly devastated by what has happened and the news that we have had to give them this evening,” said Det Supt Stuart Houston. “Alesha was a six-year-old girl who had started their summer holidays and came here to spend their holiday with their relatives.”
They confirmed at the press conference on the island that Police Scotland was treating their death as murder. Earlier, the force said additional police officers had been sent to the island to help the investigation, as well as to reassure the community.
Det Supt Houston said officers were trying to put together a timeline of the girl's disappearance and wanted to speak to anyone who had been in the area of Ardbeg Road in Rothesay. They said a forensic investigation was held in the area where their body was found, though officers were still investigating the specific circumstances of their death.
The officer said there were numerous lines of inquiry in respect of how the six-year-old left the house where they were staying and the circumstances surrounding their death, though they offered no further details. Asked if police believed claims they had sleepwalked, they repeated only that police were following numerous lines of inquiry.
Alesha was reported missing shortly before 6.30am on Monday and their body was found about 2½ hours later by a member of the public after a large-scale search.
Shortly after the discovery of their body, Det Supt Houston said: “This death of a six-year-old child has shocked the tight-knit community of Rothesay and it is imperative that we find out what has happened.” – Guardian
The Kent Federation of Agriculture's annual awards have been delivered to a director savvy with social media and a farmer known for sharing their environmentally-conscious practices.
The awards were presented at the federation's annual general meeting last Thursday at the Ridgetown Campus of the University of Guelph.
Katrina Sterling of Blenheim won the Ed Campbell Memorial Award for Director of the Year. They created the fifth edition of the map for the Buy Local! Buy Fresh! Chatham-Kent initiative, which shows where farms and vendors in the region are located.
Sterling also maintained the website and Facebook page for that program, which they said helps give farmers recognition for their efforts.
“It's a bit of outreach for people in the urban and rural areas to get everybody knowing their neighbours in some cases. I just felt it was important in that aspect,” said Sterling.
The map had a lot more reach than they thought with people from other counties using it for tourism purposes, they said.
“This map goes all across Chatham-Kent. It goes on your 401 highway, all the rest stops and everything,” they said.
Sterling said they aren't expecting to receive the award, but they appreciate it, even though other directors with the KFA do as much work.
“They all kind of share duties and responsibilities and we all like to get things done together as a team, so it's really nice that way,” they said.
Laurent Van Arkel won the KFA's Meritorious Service Award. They farm about 500 acres on the outskirts of Dresden, growing and harvesting grain, soybeans and sugar beets.
Known as Woody to their friends and family, Van Arkel actively looks to use the best management practices for the environment and often shares their knowledge with other farmers.
 They are a proponent of using cover crops and low tillage practices to improve soil health. Van Arkel Farms Ltd.'s mission statement is “Maintaining and improving soil viability and protecting water quality.”
Van Arkel was a director with the KFA for nine years and has been involved with the Innovative Farmers Association of Ontario, the Mid-West Cover Crop Council and the Ontario Soil Network.
The KFA also delivered scholarships to two students: Ryan McKerrall and Emily Glasgow.
“I'm very honoured to win it,” said McKerrall. “I've known a lot of great people in the past that have won it, and congrats to the other winner.”
McKerrall is in their first year of agriculture at the Ridgetown Campus and plans to specialize in vegetable production next year, which they said will help with working on their family's farm just outside of Chatham.
“My dad has grown in the past multiple varieties of vegetables and they grow a few specialty crops, so those would probably be the closest courses that I would relate back to the farm,” they said.
As well, the KFA members elected the executive and directors for the next year.
Ron Faubert will continue as president. The vice president slots went to Harry Lawson for another year and to Scott Kilbride.
Ken Dawson, Katrina Sterling, Louis Roesch, Mike Vannieuwenhuyze, MaryAnne Udvari, Frank Byrne, Rob Chambers, Harvey Handsor, Steve Piche, Jay Cunningham and Bill Parks will serve as directors with one spot remaining vacant until the first meeting.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
ONGOING
Free yoga classes: Mission Yoga take its Free Community class to South Abington park this summer. Classes will be held Saturdays at 10 a.m. on May 26, June 23, July 28 and August 25. The Free Community yoga class will be open level for one hour. There will be a free kids yoga class for ages 5-10 at the same time. Bring a mat if you have one. If it rains, the class will move into Mission Yoga's new location across from the park. Info: mission-yoga.com.
Craft and Chat: A casual setting where artists with and without special needs come together to create and relate. Fridays, June 8, 15 and 22, 10 a.m. at The Gathering Place, 304 South State St., Clarks Summit.
UPCOMING
Kids' fishing derby: Lackawanna Federation of Sportsmans Clubs and Lackawanna Valley Trout Unlimited are sponsoring the 68th Annual Kids Fishing Derby for ages 9-15 at Lackawanna State Park on Saturday June 2 from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Clarks Summit Cleanup: Councilman Patrick Williams, in conjunction with PennDOT and DEP, rescheduled the Great Clarks Summit Cleanup for Saturday, June 2, 10 a.m. to noon. Councilman Williams is organizing volunteers to go to area parks and help make them beautiful. Anyone interested and willing to volunteer should wear appropriate attire and meet in the front of the Clarks Summit Borough Building, 304 S. State St. Gloves, trash bags and safety vests for the cleanup will be provided.
Chicken barbecue: The Clarks Green United Methodist Church, 119 Glenburn Road, will hold its 39th annual “Feast of the Chicken BBQ” June 2, noon to 6 p.m. Tickets, available at the door or in advance, are $10 for adults and $5 for children 12 and under. Eat in or take out. Proceeds support programing and operational expenses of the church.
AHCL banquet: The Abington Heights Civic League's end of year banquet will be held June 5 at 6 p.m. at Constantino's, 1385 Lackawanna Trail, Glenburn Township. Items for The Griffin Pond Animal Shelter will be collected. New members are always welcome. For more information call 570-587-3101.
Blood drive: In partnership with the American Red Cross,
the Waverly Community House will host a community blood drive June 6, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Whole blood and double red blood cell donations will be taken. Walk-ins are welcome, but those who would like to schedule a donation for a specific time may visit
redcrossblood.org or call 800-733-2767 to do so. Appointments will also be taken by the main office at the Waverly Community House, 570-586-8191, ext. 2. Download the Red Cross Blood Donor app on the App Store, Google Play or by texting BLOODAPP to 90999. Donors who give blood at this drive will receive a $5 Amazon.com Gift Card, courtesy of Suburban Propane.
Memory Cafe: A Place where people with memory loss and their caregivers can share a cup of coffee and socialize with others. June 8, 10 a.m. at The Gathering Place, 304 South State St., Clarks Summit. Info: email gatheringplacecs@gmail.com or call 570-575-0384.
Pancake breakfast: Dalton United Methodist Church, 125 S. Turnpike Road, will hold a pancake and sausage breakfast June 9 from 8-11 a.m. The cost is $8 for adults and $4 for children; add eggs for $1.
Dance recital: The students of Joan's Dance Studio will present “Steps Up on the Stage” June 9, 7:30 p.m. at Clarks Summit Elementary School on West Grove Street. Tickets, available at the door, are $10.
Book club: The next meeting of the Mysteries and Detectives Book Club will be Tuesday June 12 from 7 to 8:30 p.m. at the Abington Community Library. The book selection for June is Patricia Wentworth's “Grey Mask” a Miss Silver mystery. The author for July is Elizabeth George.
Medicare counseling: In partnership with the Voluntary Action Center, the Waverly Community House will host a free informational Medicare counseling session June 13, 5:30-8 p.m. An APPRISE Counselor will be available in the CRB Room in the South Wing of The Comm. For those who are new to Medicare, contemplating retirement or have received mailings from their plan that they don't understand.
Golf tourney: The Lackawanna Blind Association will host the 32nd Annual William J. Jordon, M.D., Memorial Swing for Sight Golf Tournament on Monday, June 18 at Glen Oak Country Club in Clarks Summit. For more information and reservations call 570-342-7613.
A judge set bail for a 19-year-old girl suspected in a deadly DUI crash in the northwest part of the Valley at $250,000.
Nina Gateley appeared in a Las Vegas courtroom Friday morning. Court records show they face one count of driving under the influence, above the legal limit, resulting in death.
According to Las Vegas Metro police, Gateley was behind the wheel of a 2003 Chevrolet Silverado that was heading southbound on Sky Pointe when the truck exited the roadway. They steered back onto the roadway and the truck overturned.
[RELATED: Teen killed, driver charged after suspected DUI crash in northwest Las Vegas]
Of five people in the truck, four were ejected, police said. Two were taken to a hospital. Makenzzi Lea Nix, 16, was pronounced dead at Mountain View Hospital.
[RELATED: Mother of valley teen killed in rollover crash speaks out]
Four of the five people involved in the crash were between the ages of 16 and 17, police said.
According to Gateley's arrest report, officers at the scene discovered several bottles of alcohol in backpacks at the scene. Three passengers told police they were drinking in the desert before the crash and confirmed Gateley was the driver.
Gately is scheduled to appear in court again on June 13 for a preliminary hearing.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
About Casestudyhelp.com
There are many online assignments helps available, but before you buy any, you should thoroughly know about it. Casestudyhelp.com is an online portal that provides assignment help in Sydney. Sometimes completing assignments in today's busy schedule becomes difficult. Casestudyhelp.com provides No. Assignment Help Australia.
Some features of casestudyhelp.com
• It aims to complete the work in time, avoiding any delays in meeting the deadlines
• Submits the best quality of assignments, after thorough research work and study
• The content is original and goes through the plagiarism check
• Casestudyhelp.com is an Assignment Writing Service that keeps the student's requirements in mind.
• When casestudyhelp.com caters to its students in Australia, it hires the best researchers and assignment writers who are well versed with native language and tone and manner of writing
• It is the most authentic option in the market
• Casestudyhelp.com is a very cheap assignment help in Australia
WASHINGTON (AP) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, it has been reported.
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “because of the Russia investigation.”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation.
The Washington Post reported late Wednesday that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who weren't involved in Trump's campaign: Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence; Michael Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, the former NSA deputy director.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying: “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
The Post report cited anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators. It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information. The New York Times also reported the story.
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations don't conflict.
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “look forward to future engagements” with Robert Mueller.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, didn't provide any other details regarding the meeting. An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries don't interfere with or overlap one another. The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence, and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
Also Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said their panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations.”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat. Grassley's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump before they were fired.
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as President Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed them to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a “matter” and to avoid calling it an investigation.
“You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr. Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative, bipartisan basis,” according to the letter.
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate. Grassley said Comey's dismissal and Comey's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Comey “took the opportunity in their testimony to clear their own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Southwest Florida neighborhood is on alert after a bat with rabies bit two people.
Santa Barbara County should place an oil-production tax on the ballot to increase local revenues, the County Grand Jury said in a report this week.
Shaky finances — and the quest to build and fund operations for the new North County Jail — prompted the jury to recommend that the Board of Supervisors listen to County Executive Officer Chandra Wallar and put a new oil tax before voters.
The county is expected to have a $13.7 million budget gap in 2014-15, and that could bring service reductions and more cuts, the report said.
Putting aside the debate on the environmental impacts of oil drilling, the grand jury report said it's critical for elected officials to find new sources of revenue.
The grand jury recommended the same thing Wallar brought to the supervisors in February — putting a $1-per-barrel tax on November's ballot, which would have brought in $3.38 million in the 2012-13 fiscal year.
“The jury acknowledges that imposing a new severance tax on oil producers could reduce their economic incentive for operating in the county,” according to the report.
Taxes on oil are mostly based on property values, and have been limited since the passage of Proposition 13 in 1978. California doesn't have an oil-production tax, but there is a statewide conservation tax of 14 cents per barrel.
The county also gets $600,000 per year in Coastal Resource Enhancement Fund money related to offshore oil production.
Five Southern California cities have oil-production taxes, ranging from 30 to 58 cents per barrel, but the grand jury suggests $1 per barrel.
There has been oil production in Santa Barbara County since 1888, when onshore oil exploration started in Summerland, and the 1969 spill that leaked 80,000 to 100,000 barrels of crude oil into the ocean sparked new environmental laws.
The county produced 56 percent of the cumulative oil on California's Outer Continental Shelf, and 73 percent of the gas through 2000, according to the county Planning and Development Department.
The Grand Jury also released reports analyzing low-income housing projects and local graffiti abatement programs.
Following the findings that there was little oversight over the Lompoc Housing and Community Development Corporation, which mismanaged its housing projects and public money, the Grand Jury investigated other low-income housing providers.
Other providers' reputations may have suffered by association, but the Grand Jury found no basis for the complaints it received and determined LHCDC was an outlier, according to the report.
Another short report encouraged all cities to keep supporting graffiti-abatement programs.
“Graffiti is more than an aesthetic problem,” the report stated. “It is a blight that affects the desirability of a community and, if left unchecked, it becomes a symbol of defiance.” Even minor incidents should be handled immediately, it said.
For reporting information in Santa Barbara County, use the following resources:
» Buellton — Citizens can report to police at 805.686.8150 and the Public Works Department removes it at city cost.
» Carpinteria — Citizens can report to the city hotline at 805.684.5405 x511. Every city vehicle is equipped with graffiti removal kits, and the city has a rewards program for the arrest and conviction of perpetrators.
» Goleta — A group of volunteers has been removing graffiti for the past 15 years, with paint that is donated, and incidents can be reported to the hotline at 805.968.6769.
» Guadalupe — The city removes graffiti from public buildings, and private owners are asked to remove it. All incidents can be reported to the Public Works Department hotline at 805.343.1340 x5.
» Lompoc — Police look for and document graffiti while the Sanitation Department removes it. Local religious and service organizations remove graffiti at their own expense. Graffiti can be reported to 805.736.2341 x6143.
» Santa Barbara — The Public Works Department has a truck with high-pressure water equipment and city paint colors to remove graffiti and repaint, but private property owners are required to remove it from their buildings. The city has a deal with Union Pacific Railroad to remove graffiti from the tracks and get reimbursed. Looking Good Santa Barbara provides graffiti abatement kits as well. The hotline number for reporting graffiti is 805.897.2513.
» Santa Maria — The city Parks Department removes graffiti from public and private property, with the owner's permission. It recently started an online graffiti tracker, and all graffiti can be reported at 805.925.0951 x667.
» Solvang — The maintenance department removes graffiti from public buildings and requires private property owners to remove their own. All incidents can be reported to the Sheriff's Department substation at 805.686.5000.
» County residents — All unincorporated area residents can report graffiti to the Public Works Department at 805.568.3000.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Meath continued their winning start to the Leinster Minor Football Championship with an emphatic 4-14 to 0-12 victory over Louth at the Gaelic Grounds, Drogheda on Wednesday night.
Following previous successes against Westmeath and Dublin, the Royals were riding high at the summit of the Group One table. Although they initially encountered a stubborn resistance from their neighbours at the Gaelic Grounds, goals from Cian McBride, Luke Kelly, Luke Mitchell and Matthew Costello helped them to preserve their 100 per cent record in this year's competition.
Elsewhere, reigning champions Dublin moved into second place by securing a hard-earned 2-11 to 0-10 triumph over Offaly at O'Connor Park in Tullamore.
Despite having just two points to spare at the break (0-6 to 0-4), the Sky Blues produced a dominant second-half display to eventually prevail.
Westmeath remained rooted to the foot of the table as a result of their comprehensive 2-4 to 2-20 reversal against Wicklow in Aughrim.
The impressive Ben McGauran kept the Lake County in contention with a two-goal salvo, before Kevin Quinn and Gavin Fogarty combined to give the hosts a commanding platform on the resumption.
While they had settled for a share of the spoils with Carlow at O'Moore Park (0-10 each), Laois currently top Group B with a game to spare over Kildare – who were the only county not in action yesterday evening.
Longford are keeping up the chase alongside the Lilywhites after Peter Dempsey and Jordan Martin goals paved the way for their convincing 2-17 to 0-7 triumph over Wexford at Pearse Park.
Do you want to be the first to receive our latest news? Subscribe here in your favorite sections.
Your privacy is ensured in base of "Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) and Organic Law 15/1999, of 13 December on the Protection of Personal Data".
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Chester city centre last week.
The charges relate to an altercation between three men on Northgate Street at 4.30am on Friday (March 16) when police arrived on the scene to find a 33-year-old man had been assaulted.
Northgate Street had to be closed as a result of the incident and the victim was taken to the Countess of Chester Hospital where they are in a stable condition.
Terrence Rust, 52, of no fixed address, has been charged with section 18 wounding with intent and Keith Caffrey, 44, of no fixed address, has been charged with section 18 grievous bodily harm.
Both will appear at Chester Crown Court this morning (Monday, March 19).
Posted on July 6, 2013 | 9:00 a.m.
Source: Maddux Family
William V. Maddux came into this world at the Old Soldiers Home in Leavenworth, Kansas, delivered by the hands of their grandfather, Dr. Frank G. Ellis.
For a few short years, their family lived in Kansas City, until their father, Vincent, was a victim of a robbery in which they were seriously injured, and their grandfather passed away. Their family moved west to Monterey Park, California, to make a new start, using the settlement from the robbery incident and the recent death to buy a couple of rental properties to support the family. Their family weathered the Great Depression on very little, but their grandmother kept the family together until Vincent was able to see again, and be able to support the family.
William enjoyed growing up in the small community of Monterey Park, and often described their antics with their best friend, Dick North, including a homemade hot-air balloon incident during World War II, which got them in trouble with the local authorities.
William served in the Army from March 1946 until March 1947 at Fort Bliss, Texas, being discharged due to the end of the war. After several years at different jobs, including car repair and pest control, William was hired by IBM as a field service technician in 1956.
William met Catherine Cahill in St Stephen's choir about 1955 and they were married March 1, 1958. They had three sons, William, Kevin and Brian, all born in the San Gabriel Valley area. After a health crisis in early 1971, William asked for a job transfer, and the family moved to Goleta, buying a house that they would live in until their death. Many happy years followed the move, including participating in several community organizations as well as singing in the church choir at Our Lady of Sorrows Catholic Church for a number of years. Arthritis curtailed some of their activities in the 1980s and ushered in their early retirement from IBM in 1990. Soon after their retirement, their condition improved, and they were able to do many things around the house and yard, which they so thoroughly enjoyed.
The marriages of two of their sons in 1993 brought grandchildren, with whom they enjoyed playing with very much, especially in their back yard. They took the loss of their wife, Catherine, in March 2011, very badly and spent much of the year with ill health. 2012 brought a reprieve, and they were able to enjoy time together with the family, until their arthritis made movement difficult toward the end of the year. This year opened with hope for better times, but ill health soon followed, and after multiple trips to the hospital in the last few months, William passed away in their sleep at home on June 21, 2013.
 They are survived by their sons, William, Kevin (Laurie) and Brian (Paula), and grandchildren Christopher, Kaylie, Rebeca and Sean. They were preceded in death by their mother and father, Lyndall and Vincent; their sister, Betty; and their wife, Catherine. They will be greatly missed by all of us.
Many thanks to Dr. Bruce McFadden, Dr. David Birken and Dr. Jeffrey Kupperman, as well as the Visiting Nurses and Personal Care Services (Paul Ballard, especially) for their help during their declining health.
A funeral Mass was held June 28 at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic Church in Montecito, with burial at Calvary Cemetery in Santa Barbara. Arrangements were by Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapels.
The Santa Barbara law firm of Cappello & Noël LLP has added two associates, according to A. Barry Cappello, managing partner.
John Marshall represents clients in complex litigation, including intellectual property matters.
They previously are an associate in the Intellectual Property Group at Ropes & Gray in Silicon Valley, where they defended complex patent litigation suits on behalf of some of the world's largest technology companies.
They received their J.D. from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco in 2008.
Jasper Ozbirn also focuses their practice on complex business litigation.
They join the firm after working as an associate litigator at Citron & Citron in Santa Monica. While there, they were responsible for all aspects of litigation, including case management and analysis, preparing and arguing motions and trial work.
They received their J.D. from the University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law in Sacramento in 2009.
“Our firm often represents clients in multifaceted business litigation,” Cappello said. “John and Jasper's experience in these types of cases will be a great asset to our clients.”
Cappello & Noël's national legal practice is devoted to lender liability, complex business litigation, plaintiffs' bad faith insurance litigation, wrongful death, class actions, employment law, catastrophic injury matters and land use disputes.
— Diane Rumbaugh is a publicist representing Cappello & Noël LLP.
INDONESIA's economic spirits are rising judging by the line of women outside a packed Furla bag shop for a traditional midnight Ramadan sale at a Jakarta mall.
The Muslim holy month, due to end in late June, is half over, and how much shopping Indonesians do during Ramadan is regarded as a reliable sign of the mood in an economy where private consumption accounts for 57 percent of gross domestic product.
“I will be shopping more this year because I've just got a job,” said 24-year-old Dwi Kurnia Putri, before entering the shop at the Gandaria City Mall, in the south of the capital.
“In the future, it looks like everything will turn out better … but it will depend on how well I manage my money,” joked Putri, who now works for an electricity company.
The central bank will hope that their optimism is infectious, as policymakers think consumer spending could lift economic growth closer to 5.3 percent this year, having dawdled at 5 percent or below in recent years.
“We are confident … the next leg of economic growth will come from consumption,” Dody Budi Waluyo, head of the economic and monetary policy department at Bank Indonesia, told Reuters.
Looking up
There are several signs that the outlook is brightening for Asia's third largest consumer market and the world's largest Muslim population.
A survey by Bank Indonesia showed consumer confidence in May was at its highest since 2000.
Prices for commodities vital to the Indonesian economy, have stabilised, as has the rupiah currency.
Loan growth has topped 9 percent, and unemployment has fallen steadily. Export growth is expected to surpass 15 percent in May, boding well for the large workforce employed by that sector.
SEE ALSO: 1 in 10 Indonesians supports an Islamic caliphate – survey
Central bank surveys also show companies have begun hiring more, and increasing their marketing budgets, while a sovereign credit rating upgrade awarded by Standard & Poor's last month has encouraged firms to raise more debt.
The political mood in the capital, which accounts for a fifth of the archipelago nation's economy, has also recovered, after a religiously-charged election campaign for the Jakarta governorship that saw a hardline Islamist movement lead mass protests against an incumbent Christian governor who went on to lose the vote.
The feel-good factor is evident in places far beyond the capital as well, with the BI survey showing the outlook among consumers has improved particularly in commodity-reliant regions such as Sumatra and Sulawesi, probably reflecting a recovery in prices for palm oil and coal.
“The commodity crisis is kind of done … and the economy is showing a smart recovery, so I would expect that the growth rate in consumption to rise in the second half,” said Ali Potia, international consulting firm McKinsey's Singapore-based leader for consumer practices in Southeast Asia.
“The expectation in the retail sector is that this (Ramadan) is going to be busier than they've seen in a very long time.”
Buying new clothes during Ramadan, and eating out to break fast with friends and family are part of Indonesian culture.
Workers in the big cities look forward to returning to their kampungs, or villages, laden with bags full of gifts for the family. If they go home with few presents for the Eid festival at the end of the fasting month, it would be a sign of hard times.
Vat revenues improving
Jakarta's malls organise their sales on different weekends from each other, recognising that the city's notoriously awful traffic makes it difficult for shoppers to get around.
And, Stefanus Ridwan, the president director of PT Pakuwon Jati Tbk, a property company that operates Gandaria City mall, said the results of last Saturday's midnight sale were “good” and the shopping centre was “more crowded”, compared to last year.
SEE ALSO: 50 years on: Indonesia to host Asean literary festival in August
Private consumption growth on a year-on-year basis has been 5 percent or less for every quarter during the past two years, lagging economic growth, and was only 4.9 percent in the first quarter of this year.
But, motorbike sales in May were up 15 percent, the highest growth since 2014, while April car sales showed growth running at 6 percent.
Certainly, revenues from value-added tax have improved, Suahasil Nazara, head of the finance ministry's fiscal policy office, told Reuters.
“The other day I talked to retailers … and they feel that they started to sense the pickup began in May,” they said.
Without getting carried away, retailers reckon a recovery has begun.
Fetty Kwartati, corporate secretary of PT Mitra Adiperkasa , which oversees brands such as Zara and Starbucks, expects the company to show 13 percent sales growth this year, but they are “cautious” about the outlook.
“The worst is over,” Kwartati said. – Reuters
Tampa Bay Lightning right wing Ryan Callahan (24) gets hit with a slap shot in front of Florida Panthers goalie Roberto Luongo and right wing Radim Vrbata (71), of the Czech Republic, during the first period of an NHL hockey game Fri., Oct. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla. Chris O'Meara AP
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is moving to repeal the centerpiece of former President Barack Obama's efforts to slow global warming, seeking to ease restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants.
In a plan expected to be made public soon, the Environmental Protection Agency declares that an Obama-era rule exceeded federal law by setting emissions standards that power plants could not reasonably meet.
The Associated Press obtained a copy of the 43-page document.
The proposed rule would make good on President Donald Trump's campaign pledge to unravel Obama's efforts to curb global warming.
The EPA won't prescribe an immediate replacement for the plan, but will seek public comment on whether to curb climate-warming emissions from coal and natural gas power plants.
The plan was first reported by Bloomberg News.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Opting for best sleeping bags is more than playing a puzzle as a mere random selection of products may not succor. That”s where this review comes in; we are profound at providing you with notable prerequisites that one must consider before opting for sleeping bags.
Provided you”re a nominal buyer or a savvy when it comes to sleeping bags (https://sleepingbaghub.com/), of course, this may not fully be for you. If in case you”re a novice, you”ll definitely want to make inquiries on how to choose a sleeping bag.
Sleeping bags are thermal insulated mini bedding that can be carried from one place to another with the aim to use it primarily for shelling and bedding. Though some sleeping beds are designed to function more than the fundamental purpose. So why is making inquiries so important?
The designs of every sleeping bag are on the market target which could be of sex, age or sizes. Some sleeping bags are made of fleece material, some are made of silk while some are of cotton. So, potential buyers would want to have knowledge of the features.
For example, scrubbing of cotton made material or using machine can only last for some few years. But this shouldn”t cause the limiting factor in opting for cotton material as it helps users to lay their body at a perfect position (https://www.e-outdoor.co.uk/blog/2017/04/have-a-brilliant-nights-sleep-with-the-cozy-est-sleeping-bag/) than any other.
So what is the writer insinuating? The writer is implying that what potential buyer should consider before choosing any sleeping bag is the purpose why he/she is purchasing a sleeping bag and what qualities do he/her look forward to seeing.
For balances, we”ll be considering the systematic approaches that one must consider before purchasing a sleeping bag.
8 Things To Consider About How To Choose A Sleeping Bag:
1. Temperature Capacity
Sleeping bags have various levels at which they trap warm. The temperature filling capacity determines whether such materials can be used for a particular camping.
For mountain climbers, the sleeping bags that can be used for temperature range below 20 degrees Celsius is safer while that which is more than 20 degrees Celsius but less than forty is good for car camping.
For potential users who seek a specific sleeping bag due to its temperature capacity range is enjoined to seek the assistance of the manufacturer, why? Because some manufacturer advises women to use the thicker bag for proper protection of their body.
2. Types of Liners Used
Liners can be in form of fleece, sleek or cotton. Many people prefer one to another due to their various levels of functions. What do I mean? Customers tend to go for silk material because it is lightweight, soft and they can be washed for a longer period.
Some prefer to use cotton because they seem more comfortable in it. The taffeta fabric materials are usually used for the exterior of most bed as it helps to users against dews and moisture. Many customers are using the silk-cotton liner in order to enjoy all the features foe both (though haphazardly anyway).
The fleece is used for multi-color reasons, it”s easier to wash with hand and machine. The only limiting factor is that it”s mostly used to keep the maximum amount of warmer than any liner.
3. The Prospective Users” Height, Weight and Wants
Sleeping bags are graded in terms of space and sizes, in order to prevent snagging the zip. Although cotton and fleece liners make bags heavier, yet their weights differ. Companies now make varieties of sleeping bags as they are graded with respect to heights and weights.
You can now find a sleeping bag for young campers, likewise, can you now get for adult campers also. The designs of the bags are to suit the products” prospective users and it comes with calculated stitches and padding that would fit users at estimated heights. That”s why inquiry of sleeping bag is necessary in order to get the most appropriate product.
4. Products Recommendation
Many at times, surfing the internet for reviews may not be perfect enough. Some manufacturers enlighten their buyers on what bag will suit their outing. They pry the reason why they are choosing some set of features.
For example, a review might show the products” qualities and disadvantages, but some manufacturers help in providing the best description of what chemical is used whether allergic patients can use it or not. Manufacturers will definitely help in giving the correct description of the product.
5. Manufacturers” Policies
One of the things that help potential customers in buying goods they are new to is checking the manufacturers” policy.
In order to give a product a trier (I guess you wouldn”t want to purchase what you”re not sure of), you”d want to check the warranty duration if you”re satisfied with it or not. You can check when the company is doing their promo so that you can utilize that opportunity to try the product.
6. Customers” Reviews
Reviews are one of the most trusted mediums where a potential buyer can get quality information concerning the relevance of a particular product. Reviews can be online or offline; the offline review are recommendations of the product without the aid of internet with the online s the inverse of the online.
Reviews give informative details concerning the product than the normal manual descriptions. In fact, review show and educate potential users how to use it effectively and features to watch out for while using the product. Reviews are what makes buying and selling super interesting.
7. Backpacking
For mountain climbers, this feature is definitely what to watch out for. For potential users who will be in need of quality sleeping bag must definitely consider his/her preferable features and check if it has straps of attached cord for easy folding of the bag.
Backpacking and lightweight make climbing of mountains easy and interesting. It relieves users of aches and pains as they carry out their duties.
Apart from backpacking, there are several features that are peculiar to some particular indoor, outdoor, seasonal activities such as sleeping bags that are used indoor are usually used as comforters, and blankets.
8. Budget
Potential users can make a quality purchase with their budget. A potential buyer can take out time to carry out a thorough search of what product will fit into his/her budgets.
The interesting thing about this is that there are a lot of competitions in the industry, and this has caused quality sleeping bags to become cheap at reasonable prices. So, for a certainty, all products are good and awesome but the decision lies in what serves the potential customers better.
Final Verdict
“How to choose a sleeping bag” now changes to “what do I really need from a sleeping bag” with the help of this article. This article is an eye-opener to making the right decision before buying any sleeping bag.
The article is well detailed that a novice can confidently shout “I now know”. Sleeping bags are what complement and define every great outing. But buying the wrong one might be daunting.
Is the fault from the wrong purchase? Definitely No! The fault initiated from wrong DECISIONS and PLANNING. This review makes planning super easy for anyone.
AUTO RACING: Auto Racing Glance
hello
All Times Eastern
NASCAR
COKE ZERO SUGAR 400
Site: Daytona Beach, Florida.
Schedule: Thursday, practice, 2:05 & 4:05 p.m. (NBCSN); Friday, qualifying, 4:10 p.m. (NBCSN); Saturday, race, 7 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Daytona International Speedway (oval, 2.5 miles).
Race distance: 400 miles, 160 laps.
Last year: Ricky Stenhouse Jr. won after starting sixth.
Last race: Kyle Busch took the checkered flag at Chicagoland for the fifth time in 2018.
Fast facts: Busch and Kevin Harvick each have five wins in their first 17 starts of the season. That's only happened one other time since 1977, as Denny Hamlin and Jimmie Johnson had five victories by this point in the season in 2010. ...The last six races at Daytona have been determined by less than a half-second, and a 2007 race was the third closest since the inception of electronic scoring and timing. Jamie McMurray beat Kyle Busch by 0.005 seconds 11 years ago. ... William Byron leads Bubba Wallace by 37 points in the rookie of the year standings.
Next race: Quaker State 400, July 14, Kentucky Speedway, Sparta, Kentucky.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
XFINITY
COCA-COLA FIRECRACKER 250
Site: Daytona Beach, Florida
Schedule: Thursday, practice, 1:05 & 3:05 p.m. (NBCSN); Friday, qualifying, 2:10 p.m. (NBCSN), race, 7:30 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Daytona International Speedway.
Race distance: 250 miles, 100 laps.
Last year: William Byron won at Daytona, their second straight victory.
Last race: Kyle Larson won at Chicagoland from the pole.
Fast facts: The last six series races at Daytona have produced six different winners. ...JR Motorsports has taken first in five of the last nine events at the track, including Tyler Reddick earlier this season. ...Cole Custer is atop the series standings for the first time in their career. Custer is three points ahead of Daniel Hemric and four points better than Elliott Sadler. ...Justin Haley will make their series debut in the No. 23 Chevrolet for GMS Racing.
Next race: Alsco 300, July 13, Kentucky Speedway.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
CAMPING WORLD TRUCK
Last race: Brett Moffitt won for the second time in three starts at Chicagoland.
Next race: Buckle Up in Your Truck 225, July 12, Kentucky Speedway.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
VERIZON INDYCAR
IOWA CORN 300
Site: Newton, Iowa
Schedule: Saturday, practice, 11:15 a.m., qualifying, 3:30 p.m. (NBCSN), practice, 6:45 p.m.; Sunday, race, 2 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Iowa Speedway (oval, 0.894 miles)
Race distance: 268.2 miles, 300 laps.
Last year: Former series star Helio Castroneves took first at Iowa.
Last race: Josef Newgarden won for the third time in 2018 at Road America.
Fast facts: Iowa will be the fourth oval race of the season. Newgarden (Phoenix), Will Power (Indianapolis) and Scott Dixon (Texas) won the first three. ... . Ryan Hunter-Reay is the only active driver to take first at Iowa more than once. They won in 2012, 2014 and 2015. ... No pole sitter has won in Newton in 11 tries. ... Matheus Leist took the Indy Lights race at Iowa in 2017 after starting 10th.
Next race: Honda Indy Toronto, July 15, Streets of Toronto, Toronto.
Online: http://www.indycar.com
___
FORMULA ONE
BRITISH GRAND PRIX
Site: Silverstone, England
Schedule: Friday, practice, 5 & 9 a.m.; Saturday, practice, 6 a.m., qualifying, 9 a.m.; Sunday, race, 9:10 a.m.
Track: Silverstone Circuit (3.66 miles).
Race distance: 190.3 miles, 52 laps.
Last year: Lewis Hamilton won from the pole on their home track.
Last race: Max Verstappen won their first race of the season in Austria.
Fast facts: Hamilton, Valterri Bottas and Daniel Ricciardo were among six drivers whose races ended early last week. Those issues helped shake up the standings, with Sebastian Vettel vaulting over Hamilton for first place. But Vettel's lead is by just one point (146-145). ... McLaren racing director Eric Boullier resigned this week after the team notched just four points in the last four races.
Next race: German Grand Prix, July 22, Hockenheimring, Hockenheim, Germany.
Online: http://www.formula1.com
___
NHRA MELLO YELLO DRAG RACING
NEW ENGLAND NATIONALS
Site: Epping, New Hampshire.
Schedule: Friday, qualifying, 5 & 7:30 p.m.; Saturday, qualifying, 2 & 4:30 p.m.; Sunday, finals, 3:37 p.m.
Track: New England Dragway
Last year: Brittany Force won in New Hampshire in early June 2017.
Last race: Blake Alexander claimed their first career win in Top Fuel in Ohio.
Fast facts: Alexander qualified 12th and beat Antron Brown, Tony Schumacher and Leah Pritchett before entering their second career final round, where they took down Terry McMillen. ... Matt Hagan (Funny Car), Tanner Gray (Pro Stock) and Eddie Krawiec (Pro Stock Motorcycle) also claimed victories in Norwalk two weeks ago. It was the second win of the season for Hagan, a two-time world champion.
Next race: Mile High Nationals, July 20-22, Bandimere Speedway, Morrison, Colorado.
Online: http://www.nhra.com
___
OTHER RACES
WORLD OF OUTLAWS: Friday & Saturday; FVP Platinum Battery Showdown, Cedar Lake Speedway, New Richmond, Wisconsin.
Online: http://www.woosprint.com
By Nick Erickson, Staff writer
Alpha Gamma Delta is aiming to make a difference this February, as they held their “XOXO Gossip Squirrel” event last week and also will be holding a blood drive at Murray State in correlation to the sorority's Annual Week of Service..
The sorority's fourth annual “XOXO Gossip Squirrel” event was held in the Curris Center on Feb. 8-10 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Using the tagline, “Kiss Away Hunger,” bags of Hershey's Kisses were sold for $3 to raise money for ending world hunger. Attached to each bag was a valentine, which greeks could give to other greeks.
Philanthropy coordinator, Hattie Grinn, said raising money for the cause is important to them and their sisters.
“Raising money to fight hunger is something we love to do,” Grinn said. “There is so much work behind it, and it takes each sister for a successful event.”
Grinn said the name came from fellow sorority sister, Rachel Ross, when the group was searching for a philanthropic event.
“Since Gossip Girl was a popular television show at the time, it fit well,” Madison Barletto, organizer for the event, said. “Plus, it's held very close to Valentine's Day.”
As the event was underway, the sorority kept score of which fraternity and sorority received the most valentines. On Wednesday, Kappa Delta took first place sorority, with Alpha Sigma Alpha and Delta Zeta taking second and third place, respectively. Sigma Chi took first place fraternity, with Pi Kappa Alpha and Alpha Tau Omega in second and third.
Hannah Combs, sophomore from Hazard, Kentucky, said participating in the event is a fun and useful way to spread awareness.
“Everyone needs to be aware that people go to bed hungry every night,” Combs said. “It's up to us to put an end to it, and this event is one of more interactive ways to accomplish this.”
In addition to the recent hunger-awareness event, Alpha Gamma Delta is also holding a blood drive on campus.
The sorority has partnered up with the American Red Cross for the blood drive, which will be held Feb. 16-17, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Barletto said a table will be set up at the Curris Center. There, students will be able to find information about the blood drive, including where to sign up. The drive is open to anyone who is eligible to give blood.
Students must sign up online at redcrossblood.org and enter the password “MSUKY” in order to schedule their donating appointment.
“We encourage everyone to come out and donate for the cause,” Barletto said. “A little really does go a long way.”
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Liam Gallagher: As You Were — ‘mature phase'
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
Right-wing politician Eric Woerth remained at the head of the French parliament's finance committee, despite being charged with involvement in the alleged illegal financing of Nicolas Sarkozy's 2007 presidential election campaign.
"We consider that you are an absolutely legitimate as the head of this committee," vice-president Gilles Le Gendre of President Emmanuel Macron's Republic on the Move (REM) said at a session on Wednesday.
They promised that the ruling party would not exploit Woerth's judicial worries and the former budget and labour minister, who had earlier told the meeting that they would not let them "damage the work of our committee" was applauded by their colleagues.
Not alll REM MPs seem to be happy with the situation, however.
"Above all it poses a symbolic problem," Catherine Fabre, who is a member of the social affairs committee, told the Senate's LCP television. "The French people expects precisely to have exemplary politicians and this moralisation of political life really has to materialise quickly so that we regain the confidence of the whole French people."
Woerth was charged on Tuesday after investigators established that they had lied when they told them that there had been no cash payments related to the election campaign, for which they were treasurer.
The Kadhafi connection
In March Sarkozy was charged with passive corruption, illegally financing an election campaign and receiving Libyan public money after a long-running investigation into allegations that former Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi secretly paid 50 million euros in cash to help their presidential bid.
They deny the accusations and says they are the victim of a "campaign of hate".
The sum is double the legal campaign funding limit of the time and would also violate French rules against foreign financing and declaring the source of campaign funds.
After backtracking on their no-cash claim, Woerth said they handed out about 30,000 euros to campaign employees, claiming that it was money paid in small amounts by party sympathisers.
"This indictment is based on the discovery of cash sums, very small if not outright ridiculous considering the cost of a presidential campaign," said their lawyer, Jean-Yves Leborgne.
After they were charged Woerth's Republicans party colleagues declared their confidence in him, praising theirs "probity".
.. I will never be cowed, I will continue to stand for Nigeria, tell the truth, Abaribe
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA – SENATE President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, Wednesday described the arrest of the Chairman, South East Senate Caucus, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, PDP, Abia South by men of the Department of State Services, DSS as one of such sacrifices that must be paid to deepen the nation's democracy.
Recall that Senator Abaribe who is the Senate Committee on Power, Steel Development and Metallurgy was picked by DSS at the Transcorp Hilton Hotel, Abuja, penultimate Friday and their house subsequently searched for six hours.
Saraki while responding to a point of Order by Senator Abaribe on their ordeal in the hands of the DSS on the floor of the Senate yesterday, described the action as very unfortunate, however stressed the need for normalcy to be restored in the nation's polity.
Saraki said, “Distinguished Sen. Abaribe, we are all happy to see that you are back. It was an unfortunate situation that we hope that things will definitely restore back normal in all these issues that concerns you.
“It is one of these sacrifices unfortunately that we all have to make in deepening our democracy.”
Earlier, Senator Abaribe who came under Order 43 of the Senate Standing Order, vowed that they will continue to stand for Nigeria as a country, as nobody can cow from telling the truth.
Abaribe said, “I have been deluged by Nigerians especially my colleagues who have been very worried about the reports that came up regarding my arrest by men of the DSS.
“I crave your indulgence Mr president and that of my colleagues that yes1, that on Friday 22, June, I was arrested at the gate of the Hilton hotel while the international press institute congress was going on. I was taken to the office of the DSS by 11.30 in the morning and subsequently by 5 pm I was taken to my house for a search of my residence.
“When we got to my house, that was the point at which I was now formally informed of why I was arrested because the search warrant that was used stated clearly that I'm being accused with aiding and sponsoring a proscribed organisation, IPOB and so that the search of my house was to look for evidence of such.
“After the search which took another 5 to 6 hours, I was talking to the office of the DSS about 12 midnight and now kept there.
“I have been released through the intervention of all well meaning Nigerians led by you and the leadership of the Senate, so Iam very glad and grateful and want to use this opportunity yo thank all Nigerians who were concerned and who did everything to secure my release.
“Nothing has been found for the allegations that were made. Uptill this moment, iam still on bail, administrative bail by the DSS. Every morning I have to report to the DSS but of course these things are going to be challenged in the court of law.
“I want to crave your indulgence to tell every Nigerian where I want to go and where iam going to. I will do this by hiving you Mr president, distinguished colleagues, a quotation from the 26th President of the United States, Theodore Roosevelt.
“Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the president or any other public official, save exactly to the degree in which they themselves stand by the country. It is patriotic to support them insofar as they efficiently serve the country. It is unpatriotic not to oppose them to the exact extent that by inefficiency or otherwise they fail in their duty to stand by the country. In either event, it is unpatriotic not to tell the truth, whether about the president or anyone else.”
“I will continue to tell the truth, I will continue to stand by this country and I will continue to say no person is bigger than this country.”
These nations serve as a reminder of the potential of policies that encourage self-advancing behavior and human creativity
As President Barack Obama huffs and puffs about their tax plan, which is unlikely to pass in the Democratic-majority Senate much less the Republican-controlled House, Robert Zoellick, president of the World Bank, has provided a much broader view of where the United States stands amid great changes in the world and some useful guidance on which direction public policy ought to take.
Zoellick spoke at George Washington University on Sept. 14, midway between Obama's Sept. 8 speech to a joint session of Congress calling for a second stimulus package and their Sept. 19 speech in the Rose Garden laying out the tax increases that they evidently believe will, somehow, lead to the creation of jobs.
Zoellick devoted some of their speech to World Bank business — their “Beyond Aid” proposals to stimulate Third World development through private-sector involvement and their call for programs to address the needs of women.
But they also provided a much broader perspective than most officials do, starting with a comparison of where things stood when the foundations of the World Bank were laid at the Bretton Woods Conference in 1944 and where we are today.
Back then, developed countries accounted for 80 percent of the world's gross domestic product and the United States for nearly 50 percent. Much of the world was in ruins, starvation was rampant and disease afflicted millions of children.
Today, we've been seeing enormous growth in what we have been accustomed to calling “developing” countries. They have been growing nearly four times faster than “developed” countries, and they account for nearly half of total global investment and global economic growth today.
In effect, we are going through a period when China and India — with one-third of the world's population — are moving rapidly from (to use the old terminology) Third World to First World status. That's true as well of millions in developing countries in Latin America, Asia and even Africa.
Nothing like this enormous transformation has ever happened before, and nothing like it will ever happen again.
Interestingly, these countries have developed in part by copying Western institutions but also by creating their own public policies. Examples cited by Zoellick include Brazil's and Mexico's cash transfers (bolsa familial) to mothers who vaccinate children and send them to school, Turkey's macroeconomic policies, Singapore's open economy and intolerance of corruption, India's information technology services and Colombia's mass transit systems.
These policies have spurred growth in places where few experts predicted it would be possible, from steamy Singapore to Brazil's sugary northeast. They are a reminder that policies that encourage self-advancing behavior and leave the way open for human creativity to flourish can accomplish more than simple transfers from the affluent to the impoverished.
That this unprecedented rapid development has caused some problems for the United States and other advanced countries should be no surprise. Any sweeping change renders some old practices obsolete and requires some institutional adjustment.
Zoellick, who served in the administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, says they are skeptical of predictions of American, European or Japanese decline, but admits we have work to do. The United States needs “credible and definitely possible action — not just short-term fixes — on debt and deficits to restore confidence.”
Nations need, they said, to “focus on structural and tax reforms to spur private-sector growth, boost productivity and create jobs.” And advanced countries need to practice what they preach on fiscal discipline, free trade and sustainable debt. All of which sounds like a pretty stringent critique of what Obama has been up to lately.
One of the underappreciated truths about Obama is that they aren't all that interested in public policy — much less so than Bill Clinton, considerably less so than George W. Bush.
They were content to leave the details of the stimulus package to congressional appropriators and the details of Obamacare to the deal-cutters squeezing out the last few votes in Nancy Pelosi's office. The result is laws that don't work nearly as well as advertised.
Their latest proposals, for $447 billion of stimulus spending and goodness knows how much in tax increases, are not designed to become law but to provide a backdrop for campaign ads.
The Obama formula of higher taxes and no significant change in entitlements is a formula for transforming America into something like continental Europe — even as it becomes clearer than ever that the European model is collapsing.
The times call for serious governance, as Zoellick says. But Obama seems uninterested in serious policy issues and interested only in cheap-shot campaigning.
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for The Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a Fox News Channel contributor and a co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. Click here to contact him. Follow them on Twitter: @MichaelBarone.
Negotiations continue between the City of Moose Jaw and Canadian Protein Innovation on possible construction of a $100-million pea processing facility.
The city says it had extended the deadline to reach an agreement on the land purchase and servicing agreement until Nov. 30.
A previous extension from Aug. 31 to Oct. 3 had also been granted.
“It's a big project,” said the city's economic development officer Jim Dixon. “Each party is doing its due diligence and we're really trying to work through the servicing agreement and to make the transactional land purchase happen and we're very confident it will happen.”
The proponents outlined the project at an open house about a year ago.
CPI intends to process yellow peas into fractions of starch, protein and fibre for use in products such as noodles, candy, pasta, animal protein replacements and industrial uses.
The plant requires a potable water source, Dixon said, and wastewater will be pumped to lagoons and used in irrigation pivots.
Dixon said it isn't unusual to have extensions on a project of this magnitude and they expect construction during 2018.
A statement issued by CPI through the city indicated the project is still a go.
“The contract details between CPI and (the city of) Moose Jaw are being discussed to ensure that both parties are well prepared for the construction and operation of the facility,” it said. “CPI appreciates the support of the Moose Jaw community and look forward to being part of it as we construct and operate the facility.”
The site is located in an industrial park in the city's southeast.
Dixon added the recent announcement of a pea plant in Vanscoy isn't a factor in the delay.
“There's a huge market. There's lots of demand,” they said. “We have lots of the crop available.”
Contact karen.briere@producer.com
Wade Bloggs, G Li and Ari return to talk about about this week in hiphop. They start off with their takeaways from Ma$e's in depth interview with “The Voice Of New York” Angie Martinez, and they of course have their own debate on where Ma$e fits in the Top 5 Bad Boy MC list. They also talk about the upcoming video where the Migos have hired look a like of Joe Budden, DJ Dj Akademiks, and Nadeska. They also go over the tracklist for Eminem's and Jeezy's upcoming albums and much much more.
by
Americans are innately curious about the history of their families. The surge in popularity of databases like Ancestry.com and the television show “Finding Your Roots” attests to this fascination with forebears. Martha Frick Symington Sanger's new book Maryland Blood spans four centuries of American history as seen through the lens of one Maryland family's letters and demonstrates the unique light that family history shines on American history. She'll be on campus Feb. 21 to discuss the process of researching and writing their 11-generation biography of the Hambleton family, including the challenges they faced and the surprises they encountered.
The free, public program, sponsored by the C.V. Starr Center for the Study of the American Experience, starts at 6:00 p.m. in Hynson Lounge, Hodson Hall, followed by a book signing.
From the arrival of William Hambleton in 1657 to Desert Storm, the Hambletons served in every major American conflict—be it on land, sea, and eventually the air—while also making significant civic and humanitarian contributions. Bankers, business people, government officials and visionaries (John A. Hambleton co-created Pan American Airways with Juan Trippe after the Great War), the Hambletons both participated in and created American history.
Sanger is an 11th-generation descendant of pioneer William Hambleton and a great-granddaughter of Henry Clay Frick.  They are the author of Henry Clay Frick: An Intimate Portrait, The Henry Clay Frick Houses, and Helen Clay Frick: Bittersweet Heiress. In 1991, Sanger served as an advisor for the introductory video to the New York Frick Collection. They have also been instrumental in widening the use of family papers and art history materials contained in the Frick archives.
Government representatives who contravene national foreign policy should have their official passports taken away, the ANC said on Monday.
“The ANC… calls on Dirco (the Department of International Relations and Co-operation) urgently to confiscate all official and diplomatic passports from officials who are found to be wilfully undermining our foreign policy,” said ANC national spokesperson Zizi Kodwa.
The ruling party was responding to a trip to Taiwan – apparently aimed at seeking investment opportunities – which was undertaken by the DA's Tshwane Mayor Solly Msimanga over the festive season.
Previously, the Department of International Relations and Co-operation harshly criticised the trip, saying it was in conflict with South Africa's recognition of the One China policy.
According to this, South Africa recognises Beijing as the sole legal government in China. Furthermore, as per this policy, Taiwan is considered a part of China.
China is currently South Africa's biggest trading partner.
Previously, Msimanga's office dismissed criticism of the trip as “short-sighted”.
“The Executive Mayor of Tshwane believes that all potential opportunities for trade and investment must be diligently interrogated,” said spokesperson Samkelo Mgobozi late last month.
On Monday, Kodwa said that Msimanga, as a senior government official, was “bound” by existing government policy.
Besides the suggestion of taking away the official passports of those who contravene the policy, the ANC also suggested that the Taipei Liason Office in Tshwane be reprimanded for issuing the invitation to Msimanga, as an act of “extreme disrespect for our foreign policy”.
Government departments and parastals also needed to be “remind[ed]” of the country's foreign policy, as well as “the centrality of the Presidency and Dirco”, suggested Kodwa.
“The City government of Tshwane is not an autonomous state which acts on a frolic of its own outside of government policy.”
They said that Msimanga had transgressed, not only government policy, but also “the spirit of co-operative governance as enshrined in the constitution”.
“He has started a precedence which, if allowed, can only render the entire system of government impotent,” warned Kodwa.
News24
Read: Political turmoil in 2016 can be traced back to the 2008 financial crisis
Singer and actor Narsha was recently accused of Photoshopping several Instagram photos, because how the telephone pole looked in the background.
Below are the photos in question. The telephone on the left is bent, and the implication is that the photo has been edited to change their appearance. Some photo processing tools, such as ones that make faces smaller or bodies longer, inadvertently alter the background.
As Koreaboo reports, SBS television program Night of TV Entertainment had an expert examine the photo.
Advertisement
“If the photo was edited, the horizontal and vertical lines should have moved together. The windowsill or the lines along the wall should have been bent as well. The eaves too. But they're not bent at all,” the expert said (via Koreaboo).
Then, there's the fact that the actual telephone pole is curved.
Narsha took the accusations in good stride, saying that meant the photo was pretty.
Advertisement
The Global Construction Chemicals Market is likely to attain USD 67.61 billion by 2024. It is projected to observe significant gains over the forecast period (2016-2024). The market is driven by rising demand from several end-use industries comprising residential and non-residential & infrastructure. Brisk move towards urbanization along with escalating focus of infrastructure growth in promising economies will stimulate the demand further.
The worldwide construction chemicals market can be segmented by products, end-users, and regions. Products are concrete admixtures, concrete sealants, concrete adhesives, and protective coatings. Concrete admixtures segment contributed for above 64.7% of the total market volume shares in 2015.
Browse Details of Report@ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/construction-chemicals-market
They are extensively used in concrete to improve its physical and chemical properties and are utilized in all types of constructions for instance non-buildings, residential, and non-residential infrastructure. Construction chemicals develop the power of the building structure. It provides superior durability, chemical resistance, and noticeably lowers the water and cement necessity.
End-users in the market encompass residential and non-residential & infrastructure. Non-residential & infrastructure sector accounted more than 60% l revenue shares in 2015. In this sector, construction chemicals find usage in manufacturing and industrial buildings, composition of warehouses, hotels and retail, and office spaces.
Main regional segments in the global construction chemicals market are Asia Pacific, North America Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa (MEA). Asia Pacific was the leading market for construction chemicals in 2015. It was valued close to 45% in terms of value in the same year. India and China are the chief countries in this region accounting for above 50% of the total revenue.
The worldwide construction industry is gradually recovering post the decline in 2008 and 2009. Several European construction companies achieved substantial shares in 2015. The expansion of the construction chemicals industry is directly linked with the intensification of construction market at the global scale.
Market participants are mounting their customer base through strategies counting exhibitions and new product launches. U.S. based Dow Chemical Company is a key participant in this market. The company manufactures an extensive variety of adhesive and sealant products. Other top most players in the market include FOSROC Chemicals India Private Limited, BASF SE, Pidilite Industries Limited, Dow Chemical Company, W.R. Grace & Company, and Sika AG.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/bulk-chemicals-industry
Dirk Meissner, The Canadian Press
VICTORIA - British Columbia's government wants to crack down on tax evasion in the condominium market and gives municipalities more control over rental housing as it looks for ways of easing a housing crunch.
Finance Minister Carole James said legislation introduced Tuesday would require developers to collect and report buyer information on the purchase and sale of condos before they are built to ensure the proper amount of tax is paid.
The prices of so-called presale condominiums are inflated by people who buy and sell the properties without ever living in them or paying capital gains tax, they said.
“This is a key step to stopping people from using presale condos as a quick, lucrative investment,” James said. “It's also to stop them from driving prices up for British Columbians trying to get into the housing market.”
They said the government will share the presale data it collects with the Canada Revenue Agency to monitor taxes.
The agency said last fall it was analyzing 2,810 transactions of pre-construction condo flipping in Toronto and may carry out audits to find tax evaders. The agency said real estate deals in the hot housing markets in the Toronto and Vancouver areas have been the subject of greater scrutiny.
James said the legislation follows the New Democrats' pledge earlier this year to spend more than $6 billion on affordable housing over the next decade.
They said too many people in B.C. cannot afford homes and some, including seniors, are at risk of becoming homeless.
The provincial government recently introduced a speculation tax on some vacant homes to encourage rentals, increased the foreign buyers tax on property sales and created a housing hub program to link non-profit and faith groups with property to developers and government to build affordable housing.
“We're still seeing high prices,” James said. “Vacancy rates are still a challenge. The hope is that will begin to moderate the market.”
The Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver reported last month the average benchmark price for all properties in Metro Vancouver was just below $1.1 million, an increase of 16 per cent since March 2017. The average price for a detached single family home in Metro Vancouver was $1.6 million.
Rental vacancy rates in the areas around Vancouver, Victoria and Kelowna are below one per cent.
Cameron Muir, chief economist at the B.C. Real Estate Association, said the plan to compile data to track presale condominiums is long overdue.
“It's a data gap that needs to be addressed and I think this is a good move to better understand the presale condo market,” they said, adding the legislation would force the reporting of the condo flips and allow the government to collect the tax.
Housing Minister Selina Robinson said the government also introduced amending legislation to give municipal governments stronger zoning tools to protect and improve the supply of rental properties.
The legislation would allow local governments to ensure existing rental properties cannot be redeveloped for other uses, they said. It would also permit cities to ensure undeveloped land zoned for rental will be used for rental homes, said Robinson.
“Local governments are on the front lines of this housing crisis,” they said. “With this new authority local governments will be able to preserve existing rental stock and encourage the development of new purpose-built rentals within their communities.”
The amendments would require local governments to conduct housing need assessment surveys and prepare data reports every five years, Robinson said.
Muir said the hot real estate market in Metro Vancouver has deterred developers from embracing the rental construction market.
“The profit tends to be in the condominium side,” they said. “Any measure to induce increased rental construction activity is probably a good one.”
Victoria Mayor Lisa Helps said there are 10,000 rental buildings from the 1960s in Victoria that require some form of updating, including seismic work.
“We're definitely looking at incentives for developers,” they said.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derbyshire school has advised parents to be on high alert after a "small number" of youngsters were diagnosed with scarlet fever.
Parents of Hilton Primary School received a message from staff confirming there had been an outbreak. It is understood the message was delivered sometime on Friday.
Scarlet Fever is an infection, most common in children aged between two and eight, which can cause headaches, rashes, fever and sore throats.
It is not known exactly how many pupils from the school have been diagnosed.
One parent, who did not wish to be named, said their five-year-old son had been diagnosed with the infection on Thursday and that they were not sure when they would return to school.
(Image: Wikimedia)
They said that their two-year-old daughter has caught the infection from their brother.
"It's not an illness that it is seriously threatening but it is worrying that both of my children have it," they said.
"It makes it difficult when you have two poorly children and you have work in between. It wasn't nice to find out on Friday morning that they had been diagnosed with Scarlet Fever.
"We knew this has been going around in the Derbyshire area so we were obviously concerned. As soon as we saw the rash on their back we knew what it was."
What is scarlet fever? Scarlet fever is a disease caused by a bacteria called Streptococcus pyogenes or group A streptococcus. It is most common in children aged between two and eight, with 90% of cases happening in children under 10 years old. Usually, the disease is not serious and can be treated by doctors with relative ease. (Public Health England)
The message given to parents, was delivered via the ParentHub phone app, It said: "We have been informed that a number of children who attend Hilton Primary School have been diagnosed with scarlet fever.
"Although scarlet fever is usually a mild illness, it should be treated with antibiotics to minimise the risk of complications and reduce the spread to others.
"The symptoms of a scarlet fever include a sore throat, headache, fever, nausea and vomiting. This is followed by a fine red rash which typically first appears on the chest and stomach before rapidly spreading to other parts of the body.
"If you are concerned for any reasons, please seek medical assistance immediately.
"If your child has any underlying condition which affects their immune system you should contact a GP or hospital doctor to discuss if any additional measures are needed."
Last week, the Derby Telegraph reported how the number of cases of scarlet fever in Derby and Derbyshire had increased in the first three weeks of 2018.
Dr Theresa Lamagni, from Public Health England, said: "We are strongly urging people with symptoms of scarlet fever - which include a sore throat, headache and fever, accompanied by a characteristic rash - to consult their GP. Scarlet fever should be treated with antibiotics to reduce the risk of complications.
"Once children or adults are diagnosed with scarlet fever we strongly advise them to stay at home until at least 24 hours after the start of antibiotic treatment to avoid passing on the infection."
If Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser, was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration, then they may have broken the law.
That law is the Logan Act. It's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn, who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that Flynn misled the vice president and others in the administration. Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence, then vice president-elect, last month that they discussed the sanctions.
That has turned out to be not true. And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn's resignation because of an "eroding level of trust." They reiterated that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue."
"There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions," Spicer contended.
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call, which exists, between Flynn and the Russian ambassador, there's no way to know if there isn't a legal issue.
So what is the Logan Act, has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible?
First, what is it?
The Logan Act states, in part:
"Any citizen of the United States, wherever they may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both."
Let's break that down. This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government. Specifically, that person isn't allowed to talk with a foreign government or their representative and try to influence foreign policy.
When was it put in place and why?
It's named for Dr. George Logan, a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania, who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons. They did so without the permission of President Adams, though, they were a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson.
It was after the French Revolution, and the United States didn't help France because of a treaty with England. The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors. Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France.
That's when Logan, a Quaker, embarked on their effort. They succeeded, but when they got back to the U.S., Adams, Washington and others were furious. Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan's from taking place again.
Has anyone ever been prosecuted?
No, but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted.
The indictment was way back in 1803, four years after the law was put in place. An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for "A Western America" allied with France. The U.S. Attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy, a farmer, who actually wrote the column. But it never went to trial. Later that year, the Louisiana Purchase, which expanded the U.S. west, made it moot.
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act, as the Congressional Research Service points out, but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try and shame political opponents. For example, in the 1980s, there was former House Speaker Jim Wright's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases.
"That is the law of the land," a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson's efforts, adding, "We are not going to take legal action, but I do feel that while in this instance they were successful, there were things that make you pause and think."
During the Bush administration, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government, irritating the Bush administration. Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mid-East peace. As recently as 2015, the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal.
And Syria again raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad last month before President Trump took office.
"I wanted to see if there was, in some small way, a way that I could express the love and the Aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria," they told CNN.
The Obama administration's official position as regime change in Syria.
Could Flynn be susceptible?
Had Flynn, in any way, reassured the Russian ambassador in their phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place, that could potentially be a violation
As noted above, there is a transcript. The White House is confident Flynn didn't say anything that could have violated the law. Of course, that could be open to interpretation. It would be up to the Jeff Sessions' Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case, if it saw fit. That is seen as unlikely.
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk.
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Tuesday said it's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath. More could become known about the specifics of the call before then. And the New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about their conversations. And investigators believe Flynn "was not entirely forthcoming":
"That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn their job. If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I., it could expose them to a felony charge."
Gassiev (left) and Dorticos (right). Photos by World Boxing Super Series
IBF cruiserweight titleholder Murat Gassiev and WBA counterpart Yunier Dorticos hit the scales on Friday ahead of Saturday's World Boxing Super Series semi-final at the Bolshoy Ice Dome, Sochi.
Gassiev, who is rated No. 2 by THE RING at 200 pounds, knocked out former titleholder Krzysztof Wlodarczyk in the third round of their quarter-final in October. The Russian boxer-puncher weighed in 199.2 pounds for tomorrow's assignment.
“I would like to thank every who came to the weigh-in,” said Gassiev (25-0, 18 knockouts). “I don't feel any pressure at all. I am looking forward to fighting in front of my family, friends, and fans.”
“The stare down was intense, but that is normal. I see a future in the tournament after this fight. I will do my job.”
Dorticos, who is rated No. 5 by THE RING, knocked out Dmitry Kudryashov in two rounds to reach the semi-final. The Cuban power-puncher weighed in bang on the division limit of 200 pounds.
“I will end the fight before the fifth round. I will kick (Gassiev's) ass in front of their own fans,” said Dorticos (22-0, 21 KOs).
“On Saturday the Russian fans and boxing fanatics all over the world will learn what the ‘KO Doctor' is about.”
Saturday's winner will face WBO and WBC titleholder Oleksandr Usyk in the WBSS final. That fight is scheduled to take in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, in May, and THE RING championship is also likely to be at stake.
Earlier this week, Dorticos was upgraded to full WBA titleholder.
Information provided courtesy of a press release issued by World Boxing Super Series
Tom Gray is Associate Editor for THE RING. Follow them on Twitter: @Tom_Gray_Boxing
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
Our Relationship with God: 7. The mind of Christ
Very Rev. Archimandrite Zacharias (Zacharou)
The regenerated man has another mind, ‘the mind of Christ'[1], another understanding, ‘that which is in Christ Jesus'[2], another heart, in which ‘dwells Christ by faith'.[3] They become like unto Christ and fulfills theirs purpose.
Man acquires the ‘mind of Christ', which means that they know the plan of God that They have for every soul and they have an inspired longing to become a co-worker with God in the grandiose work of divine regeneration. They feel honoured and benefited because their Creator visits them from the evening until the morning and from the morning until the evening.[4] From this perspective they see the purpose of every man and for this reason they do not dare ever to harm ‘one of these little ones'[5], of their brothers who have a common destiny with him.
As Christ bore within Him all the generations of humankind, prayed for all with sweat like drops of blood in Gethsemane, suffered, was crucified and rose again for the salvation of the whole world, ascending up into the heavens so as to intercede for all Adam, thus also the man who is spiritually reborn loves God with all their heart and prays for the salvation of all as for their own salvation. Just as Christ became the New Adam, in Whose Person was recapitulated all things, so the one who is regenerated becomes like another Adam, another centre of creation, which they bring before God in their prayer of supplication. Such a man is unable to do anything other than honour their fellow man.
We said that the man who is born of the spirit acquires the understanding ‘which is in Christ Jesus'. As the Apostle Paul explains, this understanding is made manifest in a holy competition among the faithful: who will humble themselves more before the other, sacrificing their will for the other, and who will honour and love the other more than himself?[6] In essence, these are the defining characteristics of the humility and love which Christ manifested when They came to the earth ‘not to be ministered unto, but to minister and to give their lives as a ransom for many'[7]. These characteristics are transmitted as virtues to the faithful through their birth from the Gospel of the ‘Father of the world to come'[8], the ‘Author and finisher'[9] of their salvation, Jesus Christ. Being founded on such understanding and principles of life, the relationships of the children of God become like those in paradise even during this life on earth.
(to be continued)
[1] 1 Cor. 1:16.
[2] Phil. 2:5.
[3] See Eph. 3:17.
[4] Job 7:18.
[5] Mark 9:42.
[6] See Phil. 2:2-4, 1 Cor. 10:24.
[7] Matt. 20:28, Mark 10:45.
[8] Isa. 9:5 (LXX).
[9] Heb. 12:2.
Read the previous part here
Source: pemptousia.com
ABOUT THE ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN NETWORK
The Orthodox Christian Network (OCN) is an official agency of the Assembly of Canonical Bishops of the United States of America originally commissioned by SCOBA to create a national, sustainable, and effective media witness for Orthodox Christianity and seekers around the world through media ministry. CLICK HERE to download our brochure.
This 501(c)3 is recognized as a leader in the Orthodox Media field and has sustained consistent growth over twenty years. OCN shares the timeless faith of Orthodoxy with the contemporary world through modern media. We are on a mission to inspire Orthodox Christians Worldwide. We have reached 5.7 Million People in One Week. Much like public radio, the Orthodox Christian Network relies on the support of our listeners, readers, and fans. If you are interested in supporting our work, you can send your gift by direct mail, over the phone, or on our website. Your gift will ensure that OCN may continue to offer free, high-quality, Orthodox media.
OCN has partnered with Pemptousia, a Contemporary post-modern man does understand what man is. Through its presence in the internet world, Pemptousia, with its spirit of respect for beauty that characterizes it, wishes to contribute to the presentation of a better meaning of life for man, to the search for the ontological dimension of man, and to the awareness of the unfathomable mystery of man who is always in Christ in the process of becoming, of man who is in the image of divine beauty. And the beauty of man springs from the beauty of the Triune God. In the end, “beauty will save the world”.
Do you find it hard to keep focused on Christ when you're on the go? OCN makes it easy! Give today to help you and your Orthodox community stay connected no matter the location.
ORTHODOX MOBILE APPS ARE HERE!
Click here to download the Spark OCN and Orthodox Prayer Book.
_______________________________________________________________________
Posted by the Orthodox Christian Network. OCN is on Social Media! Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn and Instagram
Cuts to federally guaranteed student lending programs could create new opportunities for private lenders, and a small insurance company in Sioux Falls, S.D., wants to help community and regional banks get in on the action.
ReliaMax was founded by CEO Michael VanErdewyk in 2006 to acquire Hemar, an underwriter of surety bonds, or triparty insurance contracts, from Sallie Mae (SLM Corp.). It has since expanded into servicing loans, underwriting them and even finding borrowers — marketing itself to institutions that want to acquire a portfolio of private student loans or to start originating them.
“I got 20 years of data on $12 billion of loans,” VanErdewyk said. “After seeing how most of these [loans] performed … we decided to get into [the underwriting and servicing] business ourselves about four years ago. It's really made a difference.”
This combination of insurance, underwriting and servicing is an unusual twist on the "rent-a-bank" model employed by many marketplace lenders. Typically, marketplace lenders find borrowers and underwrite the loans, send them to a bank to be originated, and almost immediately purchase them. In ReliaMax's case, however, the loans stay on the originating bank's balance sheet — unless the borrower defaults.
“When a loan hits 60 days past due, it goes into our default prevention program,” VanErdewyk said. “We pay a claim at 180 days.” At that point, ReliaMax owns the loan.
To date, the company says it has paid only about $40 million in defaulted claims on the more than $3.5 billion it has insured since 2009.
Many banks exited private student lending after the financial crisis; the market is now dominated by a few large players, including Sallie Mae, Wells Fargo,
Discover and Citizens Financial Group.
The regulatory climate has become more favorable for private student lenders and servicers under the Trump administration. And the House is preparing legislation that would curb federally guaranteed lending to graduate students and parents of students, potentially creating a multibillion-dollar opportunity for the private sector.
So far, however, relatively few community and regional banks are involved. Many lack any experience with the asset class, or if they have experience, it was as a lender under the Federal Family Education Loan Program, which ended in 2010.
Yet student loans offer attractive yields. TK HERE'S WHERE I THINK I COULD USE AN OUTSIDE VOICE … WELCOME ANY SUGGESTIONS
Typically, after servicing and insurance, you can see a net yield of 4%-6% on the average fully insured student loan, VanErdewyk said. “Where else can a bank get that yield?”
ReliaMax works with more than 475 banks, credit unions and alternative lenders. It may be the only insurer of private student loans, but it faces plenty of competition in student loan servicing. This is low-margin business that benefits from economies of scale, and the big players, including Navient (which was spun out of Sallie Mae), Nelnet, and Great Lakes Educational Loan Services, all primarily service federal student loans.
However, ReliaMax's focus on private student loans is a big advantage, VanErdewyk said. “Our platform has things others don't,” such as transparency around co-signers. “The federal government doesn't require borrowers to have a co-signer, but 95% of our [private] loans are co-signed by a parent. We always notify both the borrower and the co-signer of any activity in that account. If the borrower gets behind, the co-signer knows instantly. You can imagine how that can help.”
“If someone is servicing private loans on a federal student loan servicing platform, that [ability] doesn't exist,” they said.
The company has built a mobile app into its servicing platform that allows borrowers to check their balances, change their address, or make a payment — something the Department of Education is only now considering.
The servicing platform also automates a lot of regulatory and compliance functions, such as requirements for working with active service members.
While ReliaMax will offer servicing on a stand-alone basis, lenders rarely choose this option. “We always tell a lender, ‘You can make a loan to whomever you want, we just help facilitate. If you just want servicing, that's fine',” Van Erdewyk said. “But they rarely go that way.”
Most lenders also have little experience in borrow acquisition. So ReliaMax has a team that calls on schools, for instance, to get on preferred lender lists. It also has its own consumer-facing website, and it works with third-party borrower acquisition sites, like Credible and Lending Tree.
“A lot of banks and credit unions are located in towns where there are major colleges or universities. They have that presence but don't even know how to take advantage of it — or that these preferred lender lists are even out there,” Van Erdewyk said.
“If you want to get into a consolidation refi program, go into an alumni association. There are so many entry points into a school.”
ReliaMax also insures student loans that have already been underwritten. Many of its clients are banks or other investors that acquire large pools of loans in portfolio trades. In these cases, however, it will only provide insurance in combination with servicing.
For example, in September, ReliaMax was selected by MetaBank, the federally chartered savings bank of Meta Financial Group, to service and insure a $73 million portfolio of private student loans that it had acquired. And in 2016, MetaBank selected ReliaMax to service and insure a $151 million private student loan portfolio.
ReliaMax has been involved in 12 deals totaling $340 million through its portfolio trade channel, often working with brokers and investment banks to help identify potential acquisitions for their clients. “We know where a lot of loan portfolios are,” Van Erdewyk said. “We insure a bunch of them.”
The CEO thinks the private sector can lend much more responsibly than the federal government, which offers the same terms to all lenders who meet a needs test, regardless of their credit history, course of study or the school that they attend. Federal lending to graduate students can be particularly problematic, since borrowers can currently obtain loans to cover the full cost of attendance.
“I believe the federal government should be a lender of last resort, not a lender of first resort,” Van Erdewyk said. “If there are more grants and scholarships, great. If you look at how borrowers get into trouble, it's often with federal loans, not private.”
For example, ReliaMax recently paid a claim on a borrower with a total of $100 million in private student loans, one of which a client acquired through a portfolio trade. When the loan was insured, this borrower was current; six months later, they defaulted, and it turned out that, in addition to the $100,000 in private student loans, they also have over $900,000 in federal student loans.
“In the private sector, that would never happen,” Van Erdewyk said
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
Hannah Fraser, 24, of Craigmore Street, admitted wilfully or recklessly destroying another person's property after kicking two paint tins down a flight of stairs and damaging a carpet.
The incident took place in Craigmore Street on May 21.
Fraser pleaded guilty via letter to the charges against them and sentencing was deferred until August 22 for a personal appearance.
The Georgia Department of Transportation faced another roadway crisis as a portion of Interstate-20 buckled due to a damaged gas line.
Traffic came to a screeching halt as part of I-20 West buckled around noon, WSB-TV reports. All lanes of traffic were closed until about 4:30 p.m. when two lanes were reopened. GDOT aims to have all lanes open by noon tomorrow.
Pictures of the damage show a mound of broken asphalt in the middle of the highway with slivers of the ground underneath being completely visible.
GDOT is currently digging up some of the damage to determine what may have caused the road to buckle. According to Atlanta Gas Light, the road damage was related to work being done in the area. However, there is still no official word on a cause.
Atlanta emergency crews had their hands full today as this is the second major incidence of road damage in one morning.
WSB-TV also reports that there was a toxic chemical spill on I-75-85 after a truck carrying the hazardous material was overturned during a collision with an SUV early thus morning. Both the southbound and northbound lanes were reopened by 7:30 a.m.
Both of this came less than three weeks after the I-85 collapsed. GDOT is currently at work setting beams in place to repair the elevated portion of that highway.
RELATED STORIES:
Atlanta's Interstate 85 Collapses Due To Fire, Declared Emergency By Governor Deal
Power To The People! Arizona Protesters Block Highway To Trump Rally
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Norm Boersma, who manages $30 billion as chief investment officer for Templeton Global Advisors Ltd., isn't buying the optimism surrounding the historic summit between the two Koreas this week.
North Korea and its southern neighbor may formally declare an end to a war that's been going on for almost seven decades, but that's not changing Boersma's view on South Korean stocks. Templeton has gradually reduced its allocation to the market, and any rally would only give Boersma reason to trim more, they said. They currently have less than 4 percent of assets in the country's equities, down from a peak of 6 percent a few years ago.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is scheduled to meet their southern counterpart Moon Jae-in on Friday in Panmunjom, where the 1953 armistice was signed. It's the first leadership summit between the two countries in 11 years. Separately, Kim pledged over the weekend to suspend tests of atomic bombs and intercontinental ballistic missiles, a move that U.S. President Donald Trump initially hailed as “great progress.”
“We need to be a bit cautious,” Boersma said in an interview during a visit to Tokyo. “It's all positive, but it's still early days. All we're doing at this point is talking. There hasn't been anything concrete put in place.”
Lower Level South Korea makes up 3.1% of Boersma's Templeton Global Fund Source: Franklin Templeton Investments
Templeton's reduced appetite for South Korea has a lot to do with Samsung Electronics Co. and the weakened outlook for the global technology sector, according to Boersma. The money manager has been cutting back on technology heavyweights since late last year, they said. The sector's weighting in its global portfolio could "easily" slip further to the "high-single digits," Boersma said.
Samsung's shares have fallen 17 percent from a high in January, while the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index slid for a fourth straight day Monday for a total decline of 7.6 percent, amid lingering concerns over slowing demand. Chipmakers have been suffering on reports of weaker-than-expected interest in Apple Inc.'s new iPhones.
“Not only Samsung, but we've had good-sized weightings in other technology stocks,” Boersma said. “We've been trimming back in all of those, and it's just a reflection of valuations relative to our expectations of growth.”
Prices in the technology sector have increased “dramatically” and it's a “logical” decision to cut back on these companies and invest in cheaper stocks, according to Boersma. Templeton has been buying pharmaceutical shares instead, because they're more resilient to economic cycles, they said.
‘More Defensive'
“In general in the portfolios, we're getting more defensive,” Boersma said. “The world is growing very uniformly, it's growing everywhere. Valuations in equities have really moved up because of that,” they said. “So there's less opportunity there and, logically, as interest rates rise, which is starting to happen, you are on the risk that at some point in time you have an economic slowdown again.”
This week, the 10-year Treasury yield reached its highest level in more than four years. U.S. Federal Reserve minutes released earlier in April showed officials leaned toward a slightly faster pace of policy tightening at their March meeting as their growth outlook and confidence in hitting their inflation target strengthened.
The Templeton Growth Fund, the largest managed by Boersma with $13.4 billion in assets, is down 0.2 percent this year, matching the decline in an index of global equities. It's returned 7.3 percent per year over the past five years, beating 61 percent of peers, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Templeton is underweight in the world's largest equity market, owing partly to the importance of technology stocks in the U.S. Boersma says Trump's repeated rhetoric over protectionist policies and the ongoing investigation led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller has further soured their interest in American equities.
“The risk in that whole thing is that the U.S. market isn't cheap,” Boersma said. “We are really underweight the U.S., that's probably a good thing. The risk isn't to the upside, it's to the downside.”
Talk about a category that doesn't get much love. Desktop PCs are considered by many to be the dinosaur of the device category. After all, they're big, bulky, typically heavy beasts that don't exactly fit the mobility profile with which everyone seems obsessed.
And yet, they continue to lumber on. Sure, shipments have slipped from their peak and will likely continue to do so for the foreseeable future. However, there were still just under 100 million desktop PCs shipped worldwide in 2017. No matter how you look at it, that's still a big number.
More importantly, desktops continue to evolve and improve, and they continue to be the form factor of choice for a wide variety of applications, from professional eSports and PC gaming through professional audio, music and video digital content creation (and let's not forget cryptocurrency mining). In their fortified workstation versions, desktops still dominate for applications such as 3D modelling, scientific research, and much more.
Plus, for those who love to tinker with and build their own compute devices, absolutely nothing beats a desktop PC. Whether it's the range of color light-equipped RGB fans, or the auto engine-style heat pipes, there's no shortage of ways to customize the look of your custom desktop rig.
"For those who love to tinker with and build their own compute devices, absolutely nothing beats a desktop PC."
The customization possibilities continue “under-the-hood” as well, with an enormous range of hardware components and software utilities designed to wring the absolute maximum potential performance out of a given desktop PC system.
The latest entry into the desktop component fray is AMD's new second-generation Ryzen (though not Ryzen 2) family of desktop CPUs, topped by the 3.7 GHz, 8-core, 16-thread, Ryzen 7 2700X. Long a sentimental favorite of the DIY PC crowd, AMD has had difficulty competing against Intel from a performance perspective for many years, but last year's Ryzen launch and the additional refinements in this year's CPUs have made things interesting again in the world of PC benchmarks.
Thanks to a variety of refinements to algorithms that dynamically boost clock speed based on workloads and power efficiency (Precision Boost 2 and XFR, or Xtended Frequency Range, respectively), as well as some reductions in latencies to on-chip caches and system memory, these new CPUs offer mid-single digit percentage improvements versus last year's models, despite having very similar overall architectures.
"Desktop PCs are clearly not the right choice for everyone, but they clearly are a great choice for a significant, and often overlooked, group of people."
More importantly, in my mind, are the refinements that AMD has made to their Ryzen Master CPU tuning and overclocking software. Like Intel's Extreme Tuning Utility, Ryzen Master provides an overview of the performance, temperature, and other various settings of each core in the CPU. While its primary intention is to enable overclocking and other performance enhancements—and with the help of some liquid nitrogen can apparently enable speeds up to 6 GHz per core—the refined UI of Ryzen Master offers an IoT-like snapshot of the physical characteristics of the different Ryzen CPU cores. It's a fascinating example of how people can now get a much more detailed view of their technology devices at work.
Desktop PCs are clearly not the right choice for everyone, but they clearly are a great choice for a significant, and often overlooked, group of people. Given the renewed competitive energy between Intel's Coffee Lake generation desktop CPUs and these new second generation AMD Ryzen chips, there's also a surprisingly strong but typically overlooked set of technologies benefitting today's desktop market.
Thanks to these advancements, as well as the continuously growing range of workloads that are being performed on both consumer and commercial PCs, it's safe to say, we'll likely still be talking about a desktop PC market for decades to come.
Bob O'Donnell is the founder and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research, LLC a technology consulting and market research firm. You can follow them on Twitter @bobodtech. This article was originally published on Tech.pinions.
Carindale, Australia – 04 July 2018 – Socks And Undies is offering the best way to Buy underwear online Australia for the best prices.
One way or the other, we all need our underwear. Both the sucks and the undies need to be comfortable as well as let the body breathe, so to speak. Sure enough, the market these days is pretty much filled with all kinds of offers that are meant to easily satisfy even the most refined needs and requirements. Yet, odds are, you are going to be off looking for the ideal combination of price and quality out there. Which is one of the many reasons why you will want to view Socks And Undies as your number one Cheap underwear Australia provider out there.
With years of experience on the market, Socks And Undies is offering the one of a kind opportunity to really make the most from your needs and requirements within the very least amount of time possible. And, of course, regardless of what size you may well be, what kind of socks or undies you may well be looking for and what color, the resource will allow you to both Buy men's underwear Australia and Buy womens underwear Australia for the prices that will suit you the most. Regardless of what kind of underwear you need to wear and even if you are looking to Buy plus size underwear Australia, Socks And Undies has got you covered and will prove to be an invaluable asset in finding the perfect pair of undies that will last very long and will not let you down. Hence, if you are looking for the ideal option and one that will not cost you a small fortune, but something of a brand name indeed, do not hesitate to check out the above-mentioned solution and you will definitely keep on coming back for more.
Unlike many other providers and vendors that are just as readily available on the market these days, you can count on Socks And Undies to provide you with the best Massimo Underwear Australia that will look good and will be extremely comfortable as well.
About Socks And Undies:
Socks And Undies is an established Australian provider that is offering a one of a kind opportunity to make the most from the best socks and underwear the market has to offer. Regardless of what kind of socks or underwear you may well be looking for, this is the ideal way to go indeed.
Contact:
Company Name: Socks And Undies
Address: 107 Scrub Rd, Carindale, QLD 4152, Australia
Phone: 1300 782 862
Email: info@socksnundies.com.au
Website: https://socksnundies.com.au
The Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce and the California Lemon Festival celebrated Goleta's largest and longest-running community event with the Lemon Launch on Wednesday night at Glen Annie Golf Club, 405 Glen Annie Road.
“Twenty years ago, members of that Chamber of Commerce got together and said, ‘We want to revive our community festival into something really fantastic and make it a signature annual event for the Goleta Valley. We want it to celebrate the heritage and history of our businesses here,'” said Kristen Amyx, GVCC president and CEO.
The annual celebration traces its roots to 1890 at Sherman Stow's 600 acres of lemon orchards. This year's community event will be held from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Oct. 15 and from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Oct. 16 at Girsh Park. Click here for more information.
“This is really what is so wonderful about being in this community. You are all out here celebrating and supporting business in Goleta, and that's what it's all about,” said Janet Garufis, president and CEO of Montecito Bank & Trust. “The Lemon Festival is an amazing 20-year tradition in the Goleta community.”
Nearly 30,000 people ate 1,830 lemon bars and drank 105 gallons of lemon ale at last year's festival.
Goleta Mayor Margaret Connell said there needs to be more events like the Lemon Festival to bring the community together.
“It's a great way to bring people together, share a sense of community and think of each other as Goletans,” they said.
This year there will be a host of food booths, pie-eating contests, craft tables, miniature golf and bounce houses. Local music groups and dancers will provide entertainment along with the Fall Classic Car and Street Rod Show. Admission is free.
“My only job is to make sure we sell a lot of lemon-flavored beer and make sure it doesn't rain,” GVCC Board Chairman Steve Fedde said.
Sponsors of the Lemon Launch are the Glen Annie Golf Club, Montecito Bank & Trust and Jordano's.
MarBorg Industries is the presenting sponsor for the California Lemon Festival. Venoco Inc. is the co-sponsor. Cox is the media sponsor.
The Santa Ynez Band of the Chumash Indians, ParentClick.com and the Santa Barbara Daily Sound are the Sunshine Sponsors. Community West Bank, Montecito Bank & Trust and The Towbes Group are the Growers Sponsors.
Other sponsors include AMS Entertainment, ATK Space Systems, Ameravant, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, Citrix Online, DSR Audio, FLIR Commercial Vision Systems, the Foundation for Girsh Park, the Goleta Sanitary District, the Goleta Water District, Hollister Brewing Co., Jordano's, Latitude 34˚ Technologies, Linda Blue Photography, Maravilla, Marmalade Café, Media 27, RCI Builders, Ramada Limited, Raytheon, the Santa Barbara Airport, Santa Barbara Bank & Trust, the Santa Barbara Metropolitan Transit District, Santa Barbara Signs & Graphics, Southern California Edison, Tri-Valley Trophies, Wilson Printing and Woodstock's Pizza.
Media sponsors include Noozhawk, 92.9 KJEE, Central Coast CW-5, Edhat.com, Epicure SB, Family Life Magazine, KDB 93.7, KEYT, K-Lite 101.7, KRAZY Country 105.9, Kruz 97.5, KSBY-TV 6, KTYD 99.9, Magic 106.3, Radio Bronco 107.7, SBClick.com and Univision.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
In better days. Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Not a good streak: Kris Kobach once looked scary to Mark Joseph Stern, but recent events have proven that the voting-fraud crusader is too dumb to be a threat.
Hot or not: Students write evaluations that use degrading and diminishing language to assess female professors, so those evaluations should not be used in hiring and promotions, Kristina Mitchell argues.
Broken: The collapsed pedestrian bridge in Florida shows how dangerous the fashionable philosophy of prefabrication can be, Matthew N. Eisler argues.
You vs. me: Is it better to scorekeep in a marriage or to rely on some nebulous notion that everyone is doing their best? Allison Benedikt and John Cook let us into their One Fight and prove that Allison is clearly in the right.
For fun: We must keep the Wicker Man.
Part of our culture,
Rebecca
Laureus Awards 2017: Bolt, Biles, Rosberg, Atherton and Leicester among winners
BBC Sport – Usain Bolt and Simone Biles claimed the top accolades at the Laureus
World Sports Awards in Monaco.
Eight-time Olympic sprint champion Bolt and four-time Olympic gold gymnast Biles were named sportsman and sportswoman of the year for their 2016 achievements.
Britain's Rachel Atherton won the action sportsperson of the year award for their downhill mountain biking feats.Leicester City won the spirit of sport award for winning the Premier League.
Atherton, 29, became the first rider in history to complete a perfect downhill World Cup season and then won a fourth World Championship title a week later.
Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri and captain Wes Morgan were in Monaco to collect the spirit of sport prize, awarded after the Foxes, 5,000-1 outsiders, won the Premier League by 10 points last season.
Bolt won three gold medals at Rio 2016 in the 100m,200m and 4x100m relay.
That took their all-time Olympic medal tally to nine but last month they were asked to hand one back after Jamaican team-mate Nesta Carter tested positive for a banned substance.
Carter was part of the Jamaican quartet that won the 4x100m in Beijing in 2008.
Biles' four gold medals at Rio were in the team, all-around, vault and floor exercise events.
Nico Rosberg, who quit Formula 1 in December five days after being crowned world champion, received the breakthrough of the year prize.
Other award winners
Team of the year: Chicago Cubs, who ended a 108-year wait to win Major League Baseball's World Series.
Comeback of the year: American swimmer Michael Phelps, who won their 23rd Olympic gold in their final Games in Rio.
Sportsperson of the Year with a disability: Beatrice Vio, Italian wheelchair fencer who won gold at the 2016 Paralympics.
Sport for Good Award: for Sporting Inspiration: The Refugee Olympic Team, who competed at the Rio Olympics.
Best Sporting Moment: Barcelona Under-12 team whose players consoled their distraught Japanese opponents at the end of the Junior Soccer World Challenge in a touching show of sportsmanship.
The Laureus Sport for Good Award: Waves for Change.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Intake Manifold Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Mann+Hummel Group, MAHLE GmbH, Aisin Seiki Co., Ltd., Magneti Marelli S.p.A., R?chling Group.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Intake Manifold market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Intake Manifold report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-intake-manifold-market/5907/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Intake Manifold Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Aluminum, Plastic, Composites, Others.
Automotive Intake Manifold Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Passenger Cars, Light Commercial Vehicles, Heavy Commercial Vehicles, Others.
Key points in the Automotive Intake Manifold Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-intake-manifold-market/5907/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Intake Manifold market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Intake Manifold market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Intake Manifold distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Prioritising work can be frustrating; especially if you work for a hands-off manager or a company that doesn't give you clear goals. Most of us face this reality each and every day.
The frequently cited research of Robert Kaplan and David Norton shows that more than 90 per cent of employees doesn't fully understand their company's strategy or know what's expected of them to help achieve company goals.
Compounding the problem, recent research shows that global executives say they have too many conflicting priorities. In a world where conflicting and unclear priorities are the norm, how can you learn to prioritize your own work and still feel satisfaction from a job well done?
Take ownership
First, check your mindset when it comes to setting priorities. Don't assume that prioritising your workload is someone else's job, and don't choose to see yourself solely as a “do-er” or a “worker bee.”
It is easy to point blame at our managers and organizations when we experience high levels of stress or an overwhelming amount of work. Recognise that consciously setting priorities is a key pillar of success. You can start by assessing how well you're handling the increased workload that comes with being a leader today.
Filter priorities
Select a couple of areas to set priorities in; this can help the brain to manage information overload. Researchers have found that it's the overload of options that paralyse us or lead to decisions that go against our best interests. Two criteria I use with clients to filter for priorities include contribution and passion. Consider your role today and answer the following questions:
What is my highest contribution? When we reflect on contribution, we consider both the organization's needs and how we uniquely bring to bear strengths, experience, and capabilities. The word contribution captures a sense of purpose, citizenship, and service.
What am I passionate about? Motivation and energy fuel action, so when setting priorities, get clear on what brings you inspiration in your work today.
Determine next steps
We can put the two criteria of contribution and passion together to create an organizing framework. The framework can help you to sort priorities and define subsequent actions. Consider this chart:
Quadrant I: Prioritise those areas of your job that hit this sweet-spot intersection of bringing your highest value-add and making an impact that you feel excited about. Look at the answers to the two questions above and see which projects, initiatives, and activities show up on both your high contribution and high passion lists.
Quadrant II: Tolerate those parts of the role that are important but drain your energy when you're engaging in them. What are the possible discomforts, and what can you do about them?
Tolerate and accept that you aren't going to love every part of the job. For example, you may be excited about having a larger role and team but less excited about the increase in managerial processes and administration that come with it.
Tolerate the fact that you may be on a learning curve. Perhaps a key part of the job includes something that isn't yet a strength, such as presenting at town hall meetings or being more visible externally. Keep a growth mindset and push yourself out of the comfort zone.
Remember that there is a tipping point in this quadrant. For example, your highest contribution in a strategy role may never offer you the passion you feel when coaching people. The quadrant could highlight that it's time for a change (which was my situation more than 15 years ago, when no amount of prioritising was ever going to overcome the fact I was in the wrong career).
Quadrant III: Elevate those tasks that give you a lot of energy but that others don't see as the best use of your time. Where are the possible points of elevation?
Elevate the value-add. Perhaps you see a hot new area, but the impact is less clear to others. Share what you are seeing out on the horizon that fuels your conviction, and explain why it's good not only for you but also for the company.
Elevate yourself. Be mindful of areas that you still enjoy, perhaps from a previous role or from when the company was smaller. Maybe you love to fix problems and have a bias toward action, which leads you to get involved in things your team should be handling. Hit pause before diving in.
Ultimately, if the disconnect grows between what keeps you motivated and what your organization values, it may be time to move on.
Quadrant IV: Delegate the daily churn of low-value and low-energy-producing activities, emails, and meetings. If there's no one to delegate to, make the case for hiring someone. You can also just say no, or eliminate those tasks altogether. The irony is, as we progress in our careers, things that were once in quadrant I now belong in quadrant IV. If people still come to you for these tasks, redirect them graciously by saying something like, “It's so great to see you. I know how important this is. I've asked Kate on my team to take on those issues, and she'll be able to get you a more direct and speedy answer.”
Operationalise and flag priorities in your calendar
Look back on your calendar over the last month to see how much time you allocated across the four quadrants. I personally use a color-coding system in my calendar to quickly and visually see how I'm doing. (QI = yellow, QII = purple, QIII = blue, QIV = no color). At the start of a week, flag all QI priorities and give yourself a little extra preparation time on them.
Don't settle for the status quo. As Greg McKeown, the author of Essentialism shares, if you don't prioritise your time, someone else will. And it won't always be with your best interests or the greater good in mind.
So take ownership and reclaim decision-making power over where you can best spend your time and energy. By doing so, you set yourself on a trajectory to produce meaningful results, experience more job satisfaction, and have increased energy.
