We just want our friend to come visit us while we're in the hospital sometimes.
Sometimes our friends are our pets, and they're not always allowed in the hospital. Until today, 21-year-old Shelby Hennick from California, thought their grandma would appreciate seeing their best friend Patsy. Hennick's grandmother was recently admitted to the hospital after being left paralyzed due to a reaction to their medications. Hennick's says on Instagram that nothing was planned, I just by chance had a blanket in my car, swaddled them up and just walked in! Luckily we've been in the hospital enough lately that they remembered who we were so we just walked by and waved to them! “Patsy was quiet the whole time, they actually kept licking my arm. I'm pretty sure one of the nurses had their suspicion but they walked away! Thank god!” Check out the hilarious pics below.
By Innocent Anaba
The Supreme Court, is yet to hear the appeal by Lagos State against Court of Appeal decision, which discharged and acquitted Major Hamza Al-Mustapha, over the murder of Alhaja Kudirat Abiola, as erroneously reported.
What the apex court granted on January 12, 2017, when the matter came up was leave to Lagos State to file its appeal out of time, contrary to reports that the apex court had granted Lagos State leave to re-open the case against Al-Mustapha.
The proceedings of the Supreme Court at the last hearing in the matter, Vanguard gathered, dwelt on the leave sought by the Lagos State Government to file its appeal out of time, which the court granted.
The seven-man panel of Justices of the apex court led by the acting Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Walter Onnoghen, on January 12, 2017, in a brief ruling, said it was minded to allow Lagos State to lodge its belated appeal, despite being out of time.
Consequently, the Supreme Court gave Lagos State 30 days within which it should enter a notice of appeal against Al-Mustapha.
The ruling followed an application by Mrs. Osunsanya Oluwayemisi, a Senior State Counsel in the Lagos Ministry of Justice.
Al-Mustapha's lawyer, Mr. Joseph Dauda SAN, did not oppose the application.
The acting CJN stressed that going by the ruling, the time for Lagos to appeal against findings of the Court of Appeal on the celebrated case had been extended from July 12, 2013, when Mustapha was discharged, to the day the matter came up, January 12.
Though out of time, Lagos had prayed the apex court panel to allow it to challenge the appellate court findings of Justices Amina Augie, Rita Nosakhare Pemu and Fatimo Omoro Akinbami, on grounds of mis-carriage of Justice.
It expressed determination to test the validity and correctness of the decision of the Court of Appeal on the matter.
It justified its lateness in filing the appeal on the grounds that it had constituted two legal teams to review the circumstances of the case vis-a-vis the verdict of the Court of Appeal.
Lagos State told the apex court panel that it took a long time for the two legal teams to present their findings and recommended that an appeal should be lodged.
The state, in its notice of appeal, is praying the Supreme Court to not only set-aside the appellate court verdict, but to also restore the death sentence by hanging earlier passed on Al-Mustapha by a Lagos High Court on January 30, 2012.
The post S'Court yet to hear appeal challenging decision freeing Al-Mustapha appeared first on Vanguard News.
SheaMoisture
For anyone who knows us (SheaMoisture) as a brand, you know that we could not let this article go unanswered. Not just because it was based on one account – with no outreach to us to clarify any of the misleading claims throughout the piece, but because it's simply not an accurate account of who we are as a company, a brand, or people. We have to admit, though, it made for a great headline and click-bait.
We participate in hundreds of events each year – some run by our staff and others run by our partners. Either way, it is never appropriate for anyone to behave in a manner that is dismissive of any member of our community. We reached out to Raquel directly on Saturday when we saw the conversation happening and publicly extended our apologies for their experience with the representatives at our booth and for not feeling our SheaFam love. As we stated to her, we don't take any of our community for granted and are a certified minority, black-owned, family-held business that has taken pride in serving our community for 25 years – when large conglomerates ignored women of color and simply marketed products to them vs. making products for them. We were there then – serving women who had historically been undeserved in the beauty industry – and that will never change (did we mention that we're still in control of our company?).
We've never believed that one size fits all – especially for hair and skin needs, and today is no different. We're proud to now self-manufacture more than 150 different hair care products to serve our community's varying needs with specific formulations made for the individual – not the generalization or the stereotype. We do not believe that we should accept or adopt the thinking that has made it possible and easier for others to put any of us in a box. We have different hair and skin needs based on who we are as individuals. As a company, we have chosen to take a more thoughtful and specific approach to our products that is based on those needs – whether hair that is 4c, 3b, 2a, thick, thinning, damaged, dry, coily, curly, wavy, straight…or skin that is dry, oily, or distressed by psoriasis, eczema or any number of conditions – we've created a product for it. We make no apologies for solving for and speaking to our community as human beings and not as data points. It is the only way that we've been able to consistently address issues that few were willing to recognize on behalf of our communities – and continuing to make the highest quality products possible with natural, certified organic and fair trade ingredients continues to be our commitment for the future.
So, unlike what the readers of this article were mistakenly led to believe and what many people have unfortunately become accustomed to with other brands, we don't have to change our award-winning formulations to appeal to someone they weren't made for. We simply innovate new products to solve the needs our community identifies. This is true innovation and it allows us to serve in a much more personalized and customized way. It's allowing us to raise the bar for how other companies are recognizing and serving all women – not a chosen few – with more.
As for the “rebranding” claim, there's not much to say there other than it's inaccurate. We're proud of who we are, how we got here – and most importantly, who got us here. For a long time, we said that the only place in America where segregation was still legal was the beauty aisle. So we waited 16 years to bring our products to retail because we refused to operate within a system where our community was not served well with choice, access or inclusion. Let's be clear. Separate but equal has never worked in any arena, including beauty. So, we were proud with Break the Walls to tell the stories of so many women who ever experienced being underserved by the beauty industry – and we will continue to tell those stories (and by the way, that social post with that cute little white baby, was posted more than a year before we launched Break the Walls, so no correlation there – but really, how can anyone hate an innocent child? They do not hate, this society teaches them to hate. Oh, and that CurlyNikki post failed to acknowledge that the product in question was formulated for an international market, with different needs and government regulations – but including it in the article was clever, though still misleading).
Regarding one of the core questions posed in the article – “As a company expands, what or who gets erased in the process?” – we can't speak for other brands, but from our vantage point, no one gets erased because our commitment is unwavering and we have proven that time and time again for four generations. We share the same concerns, disappointment and angst that our community has every time our support helps to grow a business and it forgets its roots. Rest assured, we will never forget our roots and we will always hold up our community. Our family has understood this since 1912 – the value of listening to underserved consumers (whether the Naturalistas who began with us and empowered women from all backgrounds who now embrace their natural beauty as a result) and delivering on their unmet needs. We are moving forward to build this brand into the first global, family-owned brand with the purpose of our community at its core – one in which anyone who has supported us from the beginning until now can be even more proud – and there's nothing disappointing in that. The only thing we're looking to change is the world – and the way it does business. We think it's time that somebody did.
The article also included this link to an article written by our founder and CEO, where they discuss what it means to be a black-owned business in the beauty industry, challenges facing black-owned businesses (including access to capital), opportunities for others, and building a company that has purpose at its center. We hope you'll take a moment to read this as well. It represents well – and accurately – who we are and what we believe. Thanks so much – we look forward to continuing the conversations.
RELATED LINKS:
What's Normal? SheaMoisture Showcases The Beauty Of Every Hair Texture
Why SheaMoisture Products Are A Must For Your Beauty Closet
NBC 7 reporter Katia Lopez-Hodoyan speaks with police about new training preparations in San Diego for law enforcement and first responders in case of active shooter situations.
Local law enforcement agencies have changed their training drills over the years--especially after recent mass shootings across the nation.
Active shooter training and responding to terrorist attacks is a part of a new reality for officers and first responders, said Chris Heiser, Deputy Chief for the San Diego and Fire-Rescue Department (SDFD).
"It's a topic of discussion I would say daily amongst crews," Heiser told NBC 7.
A topic more relevant, especially after an active shooter incident back in April when 49-year-old Peter Raymond Selis opened fire at a pool area inside a La Jolla apartment complex, killing one person and injuring seven others.
Heiser added that any event with a gathering of a large group of people is now seen through a different lens.
"We started a number of years ago, really gearing up for these types of events and we continue to move in that direction," Heiser said.
Training drills now include responding to an active shooting incident in an open space and closed settings--such as the Pulse Nightclub shooting in Orlando, FL last year.
“One of the things you look at is, what's the reasonable threat," said Heiser. "What we've done in San Diego County is, we took the best practices and standards."
San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman says although they train for an active shooter incident, they hope it never happens.
"The advice that we give people is run, get away from the shooter, get away from what is happening and if you can't do that, then hide," Zimmerman said. "If you can hide, see if you can help to barricade, maybe if you're in a room to give you more protection."
San Diego County has a policy in place to make sure all law enforcement agencies and first responders are on the same page in case of such incidents.
Cybersecurity IQ: Americans Receive Mixed Results When it comes to cybersecurity, Americans recognize the need for strong passwords and know that public Wi-Fi hotspots aren't necessarily safe for online banking or e-commerce. But U.S. adults are not as good at recognizing email "phishing" schemes or determining if the web site where they're entering credit card information is encrypted. That's according to a new Pew Research Center survey titled "What the Public Knows about Cybersecurity." It tallied responses from 1,055 adults last year about their understanding of concepts important to online safety and privacy. The results were mixed, highlighting that public awareness of online security measures remains a potential weak link in thwarting cyberthreats. "It is probably our No. 1 concern and No. 1 vulnerability," said Retired Rear Adm. Ken Slaght, head of the San Diego Cyber Center of Excellence, a trade group for the region's cybersecurity industry. "These attackers keep upping their game. It has gone well beyond the jumbled, everything misspelled email." Digital security firm Gemalto said Wednesday that 1,792 data breaches occurred worldwide in 2016, with 1.4 billion digital records compromised -- up 86 percent from the prior year. Gemalto, based in The Netherlands, did not include the 1.5 billion record exposed in the Yahoo! breach because it technically occurred in 2013-2014. It was discovered last year. "One of the biggest problems is people have become numb to this," said Slaght. "We all have had our credit card hacked. You just get a new one and life goes on." The Pew Research survey asked 13 questions about cybersecurity. The median score was five correct answers. Just 20 percent answered eight questions correctly. A relatively large percentage of respondents, however, answered "not sure" to questions rather than providing the wrong answer. Participants had a good understanding of some security basic practices such as the importance of strong passwords and less knowledge of others -- particularly more technical aspects of web safety such as multi-factor authentication and virtual private networks. "One of the things you see from the Pew study, as you drill down in security knowledge, the numbers really do drop off," said Stephen Cobb, security researcher for anti-virus software firm ESET. "I was disappointed that only 33 percent were aware of what the's' in 'https' meant." It stands for secure, with website authentication and encryption of digital traffic. It is used mostly for online payments. Security researchers often suggest computer users examine the website addresses -- known as the URL -- as a first step before they click on a link. "You wonder if people know what a URL is," said Cobb. "Do they know how to read a URL? So there is plenty of work to be done" in terms of public awareness. Only 54 percent of respondents correctly identified a phishing attack. For cybercriminals, phishing remains a favorite trick for infecting computers with malware. Phishing schemes usually involve an email that directs users to click on a link to an infected website. Computer security software does a good job of blocking most phishing schemes, said Cobb, including many sophisticated spear phishing attacks targeting individuals with personalized information. Even so, cybersecurity technology can't yet deliver a "completely automated response to phishing," they said. "So we have to proceed with user education and with attempts to make phishing a poor career choice" by prosecuting those who do it. Other findings in the Pew survey include: * 75 percent of participants identified the most secure password from a list of four options * 52 percent of people knew that turning off the GPS function on smartphones does not prevent all tracking. Mobile phones can be tracked via cell towers or Wi-Fi networks. * 39 percent were aware that Internet Service Providers can still see the websites their customer visit even when they're using "private browsing" on their search engines * 10 percent were able to identify one example of multi-factor authentication when presented with four images of online log-in screens. © 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Ransomware, Botnet, IoT, Government, Cyberwarfare, Phishing, Encryption, Authentication, Pew Research
The NRA's charitable arm is calling the maker of a premium brand of cooler “unsportsmanlike” after the manufacturer ended a discount program. That's per a letter from NRA Foundation lobbyist Marion Hammer, who was the NRA's first female president and says Yeti “should be ashamed,” USA Today reports.
In a statement, Yeti took issue with the NRA's characterization, saying Hammer's letter is “inaccurate” and that it's simply halting some “outdated discounting programs” and setting up an “alternate customization program.”
Yeti—which sells coolers that can go for up to $1,300 and is the latest company to modify its relationship with the NRA after the Parkland shooting, per the Hill—added it's “unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment,” the Austin American-Statesman reports.
No matter the details, gun owners are railing against Yeti and saying they've “shot themselves in the foot.”
One prominent detractor who now supports a boycott: Chris Loesch, husband of NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch. “Do you not understand who your base is?,” Chris Loesch tweeted. “Will never buy or use any of your products again and we had a bunch.”
Some are even taking to destroying their Yeti products—including by blowing them up, shooting them with rifles, and crushing them in vises—using #YetiCoolerChallenge.
Not everyone agrees this is the most sensible reaction.
“Let me get this straight: #yeticoolerchallenge = fill $500 cooler with $20 of tannerite. Blow up cooler. Outcome: @Yeti keeps $500, @NRA foundation receives no benefit, and you are left with no cooler and a huge mess to clean up … seems reasonable,” one observer sarcastically notes.
More From Newser
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office has issued a mandatory evacuation order for individuals below last year's wildfire burn areas, effective at noon Tuesday.
The order comes as what meteorologists describe as the strongest storm this season heads toward the Central Coast.
According to an alert, those in "Extreme Risk" and "High Risk" areas — red, yellow and gray areas on the Debris Flow Risk Map — near the Thomas, Sherpa and Whittier fire burn areas must be out of the evacuation areas by noon. Those in this area should consider an immediate evacuation. Owners of large livestock in these risk areas should also consider relocating their animals immediately.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
SHARE COPY LINK An atmospheric river is expected to drop four feet of snow in the Sierra, the National Weather Service predicted in what may be the last winter storm of the season. David Caraccio
Individuals in the Alamo burn area near Santa Maria are in a "Recommended Evacuation Warning" area.
According to the National Weather Service, this storm is projected to have the heaviest rainfall and the longest duration of rainfall this winter storm season.
In a press conference Monday, Santa Barbara County Office of Emergency Services Director Rob Lewin urged residents to adhere to all evacuation orders.
"This storm is not the storm to question," they said. "Those mountains are locked and loaded with debris."
They said it could also cause flooding outside of the areas impacted by last year's wildfires.
“We could experience localized flooding and road closures which are not isolated to the burn areas. The threat of rock falls, mudslides and debris flow is high,” they said.
Meteorological models by the National Weather Service show a potential for rainfall of between 0.5 and 0.75 inches per hour, which could trigger debris flows during the storm.
The storm is also expected to bring between 5 and 10 inches of rain in the foothills and mountains —significantly more than the storm that prompted a massive mudslide Jan. 9, according to the alert.
To determine whether a residence or business is in the evacuation area, consult the evacuation boundaries map at ReadySBC.org or call 211.
The Red Cross will open an evacuation center at Earl Warren Showgrounds, Warren Hall, 3400 Calle Real, Santa Barbara at noon Tuesday.
For assistance evacuating large and small animals, contact Santa Barbara County Animal Services hotline at 805-681-4332.
California Highway Patrol, the National Weather Service and public safety partners will monitor storm activity to ensure Highway 101 remains open to facilitate resident evacuations, according to the alert. If Highway 101 needs to be closed, CHP would do so just prior to the arrival of the intense portion of the storm.
CHP Capt. Cindy Ponte said in a press conference Tuesday that people should avoid driving in the area during the storm.
"The last thing we want is for someone to be caught in a debris flow or stranded on the 101," they said.
Community members should go to ReadySBC.org for up-to-date information on evacuations and road closures.
SHARE COPY LINK This year's California fire season was especially harsh, which can lead to dangerous flooding when rain comes in. Here's how to prepare. California Department of Water Resources
Kaytlyn Leslie: 805-781-7928, @kaytyleslie
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Have your say
A derailed freight train is currently causing some problems on the railways in the East Midlands.
The train has derailed between Peterborough and Ely disrupting trains on the Liverpool Lime Street / Nottingham / Norwich route.
It is though the train derailed at around 2.30pm but no injuries are being reported
The line is currently closed between Peterborough and Ely.
East Midlands Trains are unable to run between Peterborough and Ely and a spokeman said this disruption will continue for the rest of the evening.
There is the potential that the disruption to services may last a couple of days.
A statement from East Midlands trains said:
"In order to get you to where you need to be we have arranged for the following alternative routes to be available to you.
"These routes remain the most comfortable and quickest journey options:
"You can travel on GTR Great Northern services via Liverpool Street to / from Norwich. Greater Anglia are running trains between Ely and Norwich in both directions which you can use your ticket on.
"You are also able to travel on Virgin Trains East Coast, Hull trains, via Kings Cross and Liverpool Street to go to / from Norwich.
"Cross Country are accepting East Midlands Trains customers on any reasonable route and Virgin Trains West Coast are accepting our tickets for customers travelling to / from Norwich to Liverpool Lime Street and the North West.
"We are running replacement buses between Peterborough and Ely in both directions.
"Advance purchase tickets may be used on other trains, than booked on the affected route.
"These arrangements will remain in place until the line re-opens and the train service recovers."
A total of 902 Middle Tennessee nonprofits – including schools and religious institutions – from 35 counties will participate in the Big Payback, an initiative of the Community Foundation of Middle Tennessee, on May 2.
The record total includes 115 organizations that represent 23 counties that will be participated in the Big Payback for the first time. Categories include human services, education, community improvement, arts and culture, youth development, animal welfare, health, housing and shelter and the environment.
Wilson County organizations that will participate in the Big Payback include the 15th Judicial District Child Advocacy Center, Cedarcroft Home, Charis Health Center, Cumberland University, Down Syndrome Association of Middle Tennessee, Empower Me Center, Encore Theatre Co., Fellowship of Christian Athletes of Wilson County, Fiddlers Grove Historical Village, Friends of Cedars of Lebanon State Park, Generations of Grace's the Faith Store, Healing Broken Vessels, Historic Lebanon, Leadership Middle Tennessee, Mid-Cumberland Community Action Agency, Mt Juliet Animal Shelter Volunteer Organization, Mt. Juliet Senior Activity Center, New Leash on Life, Old Friends Senior Dog Sanctuary, Prospect, Rest Stop Ministries, Scenic Tennessee, Sherry's Run, Southern STARRS, the Joe Beretta Foundation, the Keith Edmonds Foundation, the Nathar Foundation, Tennessee Senior Olympics, United Way of Wilson County and the Upper Cumberland, Wilson Books from Birth, Wilson County Court-Appointed Special Advocates, Wilson County Civic League, Wilson County Community Foundation, Wilson County Community Help Center and Wilson County Salvation Army.
The Big Payback is a community-wide online giving day designed to give the public the opportunity to pay back the nonprofits. Starting May 2 at midnight, there will be 24 hours to make donations to a wide swath of participating local nonprofits at thebigpayback.org.
In its first four events, the Big Payback has helped organizations raise more than $9.3 million in donations, as well as foster 18,806 first-time gifts, making possible awareness of and solutions to pressing needs in the community.
“The Big Payback's slogan is ‘live here, give here' and provides an easy and fun way for our community to show our local pride and give back,” said Ellen Lehman, president of the Community Foundation of Middle Tennessee.
“Nonprofits do life-changing work every day across Middle Tennessee, and it's important we recognize the positive impact they have in our own backyards by supporting their efforts. It's hard to imagine where we'd be without them and their work.”
Gifts to nonprofits from the public will be boosted with additional financial prizes from sponsors of the Big Payback, and an online leaderboard will track donations in real time.
Donors will be able to search and select organizations based on location and focus area, Donors also can support multiple nonprofits and make gifts of any size with ease, from $10 and up.
Nonprofits and the general public also can participate in the Big Payback in person. Thanks to the Nashville Predators Foundation, Smashville Plaza in front of Bridgestone Arena will turn into the Big Payback GameDay Throwdown on May 2 from 11 a.m. until 1 p.m.
The Big Payback's GameDay Throwndown gives participating nonprofits the chance to represent their causes while competing for additional prize money. Minute to win it games, corn hole and miniature golf stations, a costume contest, chalk drawing, and other activities are scheduled.
Live music will be provided by artist Charlie Worsham and Matt Walberg, with Mac Hardcastle as emcee. Several food trucks also will be on site, as well as radio and television stations, some broadcasting live.
The Community Foundation exists to promote and facilitate giving in the 40 counties of Middle Tennessee and beyond. It does this by accepting gifts of any size from anyone at any time and by empowering individuals, families, companies, nonprofits and communities to respond to needs and opportunities that matter. The Community Foundation works with people who have great hearts, whether they have great wealth, to craft solutions that reflect their intentions and goals. For more information, call 615-321-4939 or visit cfmt.org.
Bayer CEO is auctioning assets to clear Monsanto deal Bayer CEO Werner Baumann has begun to market US assets owned by the German conglomerate in order to win clearance for its $66 billion merger with Monsanto, The Post has...
DuPont-Dow merger may signal how EU will handle Bayer-Monsanto Bayer's $66 billion acquisition of Monsanto will likely not get past European regulators if they stop Dow Chemical and DuPont from merging, a dealmaker close to the situation said. Dow...
The ability to chat in real time can make communicating with both customers and team members much easier for small businesses. This week, a pair of new offerings were announced that could make an impact in this area.
First, LiveChat teamed up with BotEngine to create chat bots that can be available to customers anytime. And Zoho unveiled its new Cliq instant messenger service, which offers some interesting features on top of just IM.
Read about these new offerings and other headlines that could impact your small business in this week's Small Business Trends news and information roundup.
Technology Trends
LiveChat Teams with BotEngine to Make You Available to Customers – Anytime
You want to deliver the best possible customer service for your small business 24/7, but you want to do it without breaking the bank. The new integration between LiveChat and BotEngine will let you create chat bots for any scenario so you can be available anytime for your customers.
New Zoho Cliq Offers Your Small Business More Than Just Instant Messaging
Zoho says Cliq is an instant messenger for small businesses but it's got more than just IM. The new Cliq is a business chat software that also features file sharing and enables audio and video calls. The ability to collaborate effectively has a great impact on the level of productivity your small business enjoys.
Amazon Echo Spot Features Video Conferencing and Other Business Tools
Meet the new Echo Spot. An Alexa enabled device that is part personal assistant, alarm clock, video conferencing, calling and more solution. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) announced the new Echo Spot at its 2017 hardware event, and by many accounts it was the device that got the most attention.
Google's Pixelbook Is Powerful but Too Pricey for Budget Conscious Entrepreneurs
With the Pixelbook, Google is looking to transcend Chromebook with a laptop for the masses. But a $999 starting price tag is going to be hard to swallow for small business owners on a tight budget. Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) just announced its latest laptop at the company's annual hardware event. Google is promoting the new Pixelbook as the top tier of Chromebooks.
Bumble Bizz App Mixes Small Business Networking — with Dating?
Fancy socializing, dating and networking all in one place? Now you can, thanks to the arrival of Bumble Bizz, an app designed to allow users to swipe to find connections to network and mentor with, and maybe more. The popular dating app Bumble has moved into professional domains with the launch of a new mode in its app — aptly named ‘Bizz'.
SignUpGenius Partners with WePay to Help Small Businesses Go Paperless
If you are holding any event, SignUpGenius has a proven platform to simplify the signup process. The new partnership with payment processor WePay is going to allow users to seamlessly accept payments while people are signing up. With this partnership, up to 12 million monthly SignUpGenius users will be able to accept payments when they organize an event.
Samsung's Extra Wide Screen Shows How Two Monitors Can Make Your Small Business Better
Has the display limitation of your desktop monitor made your small business less productive? Multiple monitors have solved this problem, but the new 49 inch Samsung QLED CHG90 looks to do it in one device. The ultra-wide CHG90 QLED monitor is being advertised primarily as a gaming monitor.
Employment
Job Growth Among Small Businesses Continues to Stagnate, Wages Continue to Climb Slowly
Wages at small businesses across the country continue to rise but job growth at the same companies has stagnated. That's according to the latest Paychex | IHS Small Business Employment Watch. The manufacturing sector saw some job growth. But nationally, only the Midwest saw jobs increase at small businesses.
Finance
Pair of Upcoming Webinars Can Help Your Business with Financing, Budgeting
Small businesses looking for financing have way more options today than they would have in the past. But all those extra choices can lead to confusion for small business owners. If you're trying to sort through the range of financing options available to small businesses, an upcoming webinar might be able to help.
House Small Business Committee Prepares for Fair and Simple Tax Plan Hearing
The U.S. House Small Business Committee is set to meet next week to discuss President Trump's call for a major tax overhaul. The committee will hold its next hearing on Oct. 4 on the topic that most small business owners have identified as their top legislative priority.
Local Marketing
Surefire Local Acquires Marketing Agency Specializing in HVAC Small Businesses
The acquisition of Sequoia IMS (Internet Marketing Solutions) by Surefire Local is going to bring more advanced internet marketing and SEO solutions to the HVAC industry. Both companies specialize in improving local business performance in today's digital environment.
Shark Tank's Robert Herjavec Shares Advice for Small Business Owners
Entrepreneur Robert Herjavec, one of the sharks on ABC's hit “Shark Tank,” has great advice for small businesses. Advice for Small Business Owners “You need to have distinct value,” they told Small Business Trends in an interview about their latest project, Small Business Revolution on Main Street. “The world is becoming a very noisy place and there's a lot of competition.
25 Examples of Halloween Displays to Inspire Your Retail Store
Americans are expected to spend more than $9 billion on Halloween purchases this year. So if you don't have some kind of Halloween display ideas, you might want to put your thinking cap on. Here's some inspiration to help you come up with a Halloween retail display to boost sales for your small business this fall.
Thumbtack Instant Match Can Connect Your Service Business to New Customers in Seconds
Thumbtack, an online service matching customers with local professionals, has unveiled a new automated feature called Instant Match that connects local service professionals and customers across the U.S in real time.
Pop-Up Shops Keep Popping Up (INFOGRAPHIC)
Even in this digital age, retail stores play a big role in boosting a brand and drawing new customers. But setting up a retail store can be expensive, especially for a small business owner. How can you offer the same great retail experience to your customers without spending a fortune?
Marketing Tips
5 Tips to Fix Your Brand from TV Star Expert Ali Craig
Want to build a strong brand? You might want to gather some valuable input from a branding expert. Ali Craig is a brand strategist, author and star of the new show Fix My Brand with Ali Craig. The show airs on the Success Network, which is available on Apple TV, Roku, Amazon Fire and online.
MailChimp Introduces Google Retargeting Ads Small Businesses Can Use
MailChimp has launched a Google Remarketing Ads product, meaning small businesses that use the MailChimp dashboard are able to create retargeting ads all for no additional cost. By incorporating retargeted ads into the MailChimp user interface, MailChimp has made it much easier for businesses to use Google Ads.
Small Biz Spotlight
Spotlight: Shippo Solves Shipping Issues for Businesses
Shipping can be a difficult thing for ecommerce retailers and similar businesses to manage. The founders of Shippo learned that the hard way. So they set out to fix it. Shippo aims to solve a variety of shipping issues for different businesses. Read more about the company and its offerings in this week's Small Business Spotlight.
Small Business Operations
Printful Makes Warehousing and Fulfillment Available to All Ecommerce Sellers
US on-demand printing company Printful has launched a new Warehousing and Fulfillment service, to allow businesses to have a third party handle their inventory. Businesses can store all their products with Printful, which will ship them to their customers, thereby helping small businesses overcome storage and shipping challenges.
Ring Protect Can Provide 24/7 Security for Your Home Business for Less Than $300
Ring is adding a new feature for its DIY security system with Ring Protect. With Protect, you will get professional monitoring and unlimited camera storage for just $10 per month or $100 per year. And unlike legacy monitoring services that rely on long term contracts, with Ring there are no contracts or other fees.
Social Media
Get Quick Feedback from Customers on Instagram Stories with New Polls Features
How would you like to add polling to images and videos you post on Instagram? Instagram just announced the availability of Polls, a new interactive sticker that lets you add polls to your Stories. As part of Instagram Stories, you can now place a Poll sticker on an image or video.
Mobile Technology
Google Pixel 2 Smartphone is Here, Can It Help Your Small Business?
The Pixel 2 from Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is finally here, and if you are a small business that relies on images and videos, you are in luck. The one selling point Google and virtually every review of the Pixel 2 are touting is the fact the new phones have the highest DxOMark Score ever.
NCR Targeting Startups with New Mobile Payment Solution
If you are one of the 3.8 million owner operators the U.S. Small Business Administration identifies as a micro business, NCR Silver (NYSE:NCR) and Worldpay (LON:WPG) have created a payment processing device called Ring Up just for you. With your smartphone and Ring Up, you can receive payments anywhere from your customers.
FILE - In this Jan. 21, 2018, file photo, demonstrators rally in support of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals DACA) outside the Capitol Washington. A federal judge has ruled against the Trump administration's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation. U.S. District Judge John D. Bates says the Department of Homeland Security's decision to rescind the DACA program “was unlawful and must be set aside.”
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Angela Merkel leads Europe's fight for liberal values
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Smriti's Heartfelt Message
One of the most watched Indian television soaps, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi completes 18 years, and this is how the creator Ekta Kapoor and actor Smriti Irani took a dig at it. The family drama that first aired in the year 2000 gained immense popularity during its tenure and Smriti Irani, who played the role of Tulsi became a household name!
Ekta Kapoor Trolls The Character
Upon reading Smriti's post, Ekta Kapoor commented on one of the characters on the show. They rather trolled the character Mihir, that was often played by different actors. The director said, "Hahahah har hafte mihir badalte the",which translates to, each week a different person played Mihir's role. - (sic)
Smriti Irani's Reply To Ekta's Trolling
Agreeing to what Ekta Kapoor said about Mihir's role being played by different actors each week, Smriti Irani replied, "tell me about it!! Daily set pe aake poochna padta tha kal wala Mihir hai ki gaya." - (sic)
Ekta Says KSBKBT Changed Them Life
Ekta Kapoor also had a very sweet message to share with their fans and cast on the occasion of the show completing 18 years. They took to their Instagram handle to post an old picture taken alongside Smriti Irani and captioned it as, "18 years ago this day @starplus and @sameern changed my life ! N a star unimaginable from a relatively new medium was born @smritiiraniofficial ! Thanku @ronitboseroy @shobha9168 @rajeshjoshi n all who made this show #18yearsofkyunkiandkbc #18yearsofkyunkisaasbhikabhibahuthi"- (sic)
One Of The Longest Running Shows!
Unlike many family dramas that fail to impress the audience, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi aired for a period of 8 years with a total of 1833 episodes! The legendary show was one of its kind that defined and re-defined family values in various ways. Would you be excited to see a sequel to this show? Write in the comments below.
Hackers hit HBO again.
Last week, hackers released an episode of Game of Thrones. This week, hackers leaked several shows, including Curb Your Enthusiasm, Ballers, Insecure, and more. Apparently HBO did offer up $250,000 to put an end to the leaks, but that didn't work.
HBO doesn't plan on releasing a new statement every time information is leaked. And it looks like they aren't interested in playing the ransom game either. HBO said…
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Nicholas “Mikey” Michaelson, 30, was reported missing Thursday by Lake Mead National Recreational Area authorities.
Michaelson was last seen at the Family Dollar Store in Dolan Springs, AZ on Wednesday.
The Mohave County Sheriff's office reported Michaelson may be missing around the Pearce Ferry area of Lake Mead National Recreation Area.
Rangers located Michaelson's vehicle on an access road near South Cove.
Michaelson is described as a 6' 1” white male, with brown hair, blue eyes and weighing 150 pounds, according to officials.
Authorities continued to conduct ground and air searches Friday.
Anyone with information is encouraged to contact the Lake Mead Dispatch Center at 702-293-8998.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Last month there were goat yoga classes, not there's going to be a puppy yoga class.
We have all kinds of yoga classes here in DFW. Puppy yoga classes start on September 9th at 10 AM. The class is courtesy of the Friends of Northaven Trail, a non-profit organization that supports the maintenance and beautification of the Northhaven hiking and biking trail. If the class is a hit, it will become a regular event. And yes, you can adopt the puppies you meet at the class. Those attending will need to bring their own mats and water bottles. You can sign up HERE for just $15.
Global Grind
Human Rights have been defined as as inalienable fundamental rights “to which a person is inherently entitled simply because they or they are a human being”, and which are “inherent in all human beings” regardless of their nation, location, language, religion, ethnic origin or any other status.
But we can clearly see that in the past hundreds of years this country has been established, those basic freedoms and protections that belong to every single one of us have been disrespected and neglected to a great degree.
No one man can change everything and force the nation to see how contrary and uncooperative they are when it comes to the basic human rights of their citizens — but illustrator and animator Steve Cutts is willing to risk it all to deliver the message.
If that was an eye opener for you, hit the flip to see another Cutts animation that may shift the way you think about humans forever.
1 2Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Rehabilitation of Kariba Dam is expected to start in May after Zimbabwe and Zambia signed off a $ 300 million financing deals with the European Union and World Bank.
The project, which is also being co-financed by the Swedish Government and African Development Bank (AfDB) through a mix of loans and grants, entails reshaping the plunge pool and refurbishment of the six spillway gates.
The AFDB will provide a $ 36 million grant and a $ 39 million loan, the EU a $ 68 million grant while Sweden approved a $ 25 million grant.
The World Bank will avail a $ 75 million loan while the Zambezi River Authority (ZRA)- bilateral organization which manages the dam on behalf of the governments of Zambia and Zimbabwe is expected to contribute $ 19.2 million.
The project is expected to be completed by 2020.
The post Kariba Dam Rehabilitation to Start in May appeared first on TVCNews: Latest African breaking news, politics, business and sports.
Committed to serving the Korean healthcare sector, Swisslog Korea Co., Ltd was incorporated and has successfuly integrated with Telecar, the Swisslog distributor in Korea. Swisslog Korea has earned its first significant customer order from EWHA Womans University Medical Center
SEOUL, KOREA--(Marketwired - February 14, 2017) - Swisslog, a leading supplier of solutions for medication and supply chain management in healthcare, announces the successful integration of its Korean distribution partner, Telecar Co., Ltd into the newly incorporated Swisslog Korea Co., Ltd. With this strategic partnership, Swisslog Healthcare expects to expand its market presence in Korea and drive improved medication management and supply chain efficiency in hospitals and health systems.
"South Korea has been a strategic focus for our Asian business. This partnership gives us a more significant market presence from which to serve the Korean healthcare sector. Our fruitful long-term collaboration with Telecar and its strong local network led us in the direction of an integration strategy." says Stefan Hasenfretz, Head of Swisslog Healthcare -- Asia. "We believe our best-in-class solutions, together with our technology leadership will benefit Korea's forward-thinking healthcare systems and the patients they serve."
With this announcement, Roy Roh EunKyun, former president of Telecar, is now Managing Director of Swisslog Korea. Of the new partnership they add, "Telecar had served the healthcare market for the past 13 years. We gained extensive local market knowledge and built numerous references in the Korean hospital landscape. Together, the financial and R&D capabilities of Swisslog and the KUKA Group will propel us forward to play a more active role in the modernization of Korean hospitals and to be a better partner for all our existing customers."
One of the many firsts for the new Swisslog Korea organization is a project awarded by EWHA Womans University Medical Center for their new 1,000-bed hospital to be built in Mogok, Seoul. The other was Swisslog Korea's participation in K-Hospital Expo, an annual business-to-business medical exhibition and conference held in October 2016. In March, Swisslog Korea will welcome trade guests at Hall D, booth D643 from 16 to 19 March 2017 at the annual KIMES (Korea International Medical & Hospital Equipment Show) exhibition held at COEX in Seoul, Korea.
NxtAsia Consulting supported Swisslog Healthcare in the market and commercial assessment for the partnership. Its Managing Partner, Mr. Seoul Min estimates, "There are more than 300 hospitals in the Korean healthcare landscape larger than 300 beds. The future points towards smart solutions with high levels of automation to reduce human errors and enhance the efficiency of patient services. This integration deal is one of many future cross-continental transactions where both parties recognize and acknowledge the positive assets involved and collaboratively create a highly positive outcome."
Swisslog Healthcare Solutions is a leading supplier of automation and software solutions for material transport, medication management and supply chain management in healthcare facilities. Swisslog has installed facility-wide and pharmacy automation systems in more than 3,000 hospitals worldwide, including more than 2,000 in North America. Denver-based Swisslog Healthcare Solutions offers total system design, manufacturing, installation and customer support -- providing an integrated solution for lean workflow and operations that enhances information access, patient safety and cost efficiency.
About Swisslog
Swisslog designs, develops, and delivers best-in-class automation for forward-thinking health systems, warehouses, and distribution centers. We offer integrated solutions from a single source -- from consulting to design, implementation and lifetime customer service. Behind the company's success are 2,500 employees worldwide, supporting customers in more than 50 countries.
Swisslog is a member of the KUKA group, a leading global supplier of intelligent automation solutions. Headquartered in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany with 12,000 employees worldwide. www.kuka.com
About NxtAsia Consulting
NxtAsia Consulting is a leading advisory firm serving Western customers in the field of Asian markets' strategy. It also supports Asian companies in the Europe and US region. In the field of M&A, NxtAsia Consulting is focusing on mid-cap transactions. It's regional headquarters is located in Shanghai, China. www.nxtasia.com
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130287/Images/(left_to_right)_Mr_Seoul_Min,_Managing_Partner_Nxt-993c2fea7b79934794a5bd0a462f0aa1.jpg
Sunday Holiday, the family entertainer which was released on 13th July 2017 has already earned the superhit status in Kerala. The movie, which features Asif Ali and Aparna Balamurali in the lead roles, is directed by Jis Joy.
When it completed the first 30 days at the Kerala box office, Sunday Holiday has successfully entered the 14-Crore club. The Asif Ali movie has made a total gross collection of 14.27 Crores from the Kerala releasing centres.
It is a highly impressive collection for a film, which was made with a medium budget and released without much huge pre-release hype. The word of mouth publicity has immensely helped Sunday Holiday, in reaching the audiences.
Sunday Holiday had made a strictly average opening at the Kerala box office, by collecting Rs. 1.27 Crores within the first two days. The movie had crossed the 7-Crore mark within the first 10 days, and 13-Crore mark, within the first 25 days.
Alencier Ley Lopez and Sruthi Ramachandran has essayed the other pivotal roles in Sunday Holiday, which is produced by Maqtro Productions. The outside Indian box office collection report of the Asif Ali movie is expected to be revealed soon.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
PARENTS in Limerick are being encouraged by gardai to talk to their teenage children in a bid to curb antisocial behaviour over the summer.
Most secondary schools have already closed while primary schools will close at the end of June.
Concerns were raised at a recent sub-committee meeting of the Joint Policing committee in Limerick with some members stating that elderly people, in particular, were praying for rain in the hope it would deter groups of young children from gathering outdoors.
Superintendent Derek Smart said gardai were aware of the concerns and will be monitoring areas in the city where young people are known to congregate.
However, they said parents need to take some responsibility for their children. They appealed to parents to have a discussion with them before allowing them out with friends.
“Have a discussion with them – when they are out and about they should respect elderly people who live in the area as well as other people who use the area,” they said, adding that often youths who cause trouble are not from the locality.
They may not live there and in a lot of cases – such as in Thomondgate – most of the kids didn't come from Thomondgate, they came from other parts of the city,” they said, insisting that gardai don't want to be "kill joys".
“The guards have no problem with kids playing and enjoying the evenings but it's (a problem) when they start to impact on ordinary lives and how people enjoy the area where they live because there is a lot of roaring and shouting and loud music going on,” they told the Leader.
Supt Smart says underage drinking is also a problem and they are appealing to those who are 18 or older not to buy alcohol for juveniles.
Follow The Fam In The Morning: Follow @TheFamITM
Get your daily dose of The Fam Vitamin from DJ Quicksilva around 9:50am on The Fam In The Morning.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
A local union donated $10,000 of bottled water to three schools in the San Ysidro School District after water was shut off due to contamination.
Plumbers and Steamfitters Local 230 and Southern California's Piping Industry Progress and Education donated the water to La Mirda and Smythe Elementary, as well as San Ysidro Middle School.
Last week, lab results of drinking water from La Mirada Elementary School revealed high levels of lead, copper and potentially deadly bacteria. Since then, the water has been shut off at the school.
Water at Smythe Elementary and San Ysidro Middle School was also turned off as a precaution.
“We are truly grateful for this donation and value our strong community partnerships,” said San Ysidro School District Board of Education member Antonio Martinez. “Our ultimate priority is to provide the highest-quality educational programs that prepare our children to achieve their goals.”
The bottled water will be delivered Friday.
Medtronic sells supplies unit to Cardinal Health for $6.1bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The entertainment world is shocked at the announcement that NBA superstar& wifehave split up. Many are wondering why would a couple such as the Anthony's separate. Well, I did some digging and here's what I came up with.
Follow KYS On Twitter: Follow @939WKYS
Phil Jackson: [Blows weed smoke] You know Melo out here smashing groupies raw… Off tinder too. See look.
La La: [Shocked]
Phil: [Looks Over]
La La: [In Shock]
La La: I talked to Phil.. They told me about yo Tinder Page…
Melo:
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
[La La snapping]
Melo:
Melo: Ask Kevin I'm not on Bullsh*t:
Kevin Hart:
And Melo Be Like:
Now They Like:
But La La in Vegas like:
Now Melo On the way to Vegas cause the season over like:
Melo walk in the hotel and see this mog:
Now they mad at their mans like:
Turns out it was a set up:
So Now Melo wanna talk it out with La La:
But Melo Tinder girl come through their crib like:
La La: Melo I'm out:
Now Melo :
And Phil Like:
The End. [Disclaimer, we're just playing.. We hope they get back together. They are #RelationshipGoals]
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice'
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
Hiring Zumba , turbokick and Hip Hop instructors for Texas Tech rec center. Please email johanna.valencia@ttu.edu for more information.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
There are three main reasons for heightened risk for cardiovascular disease for breast cancer survivors:
pre-existing heart risk factors, such as uncontrolled hypertension or high cholesterol that goes unchecked through their breast cancer treatment
exposure to chemotherapy and radiation that damage the heart
an increasingly sedentary lifestyle that leads to weight gain during the treatment phase
“Both breast cancer and cardiovascular disease share risk factors,” said Dr. Susan Gilchrist, a cardiologist at MD Anderson whose research focuses on cardiorespiratory fitness in cancer patients. "That includes weight gain, loss of exercise or sedentary behaviors, and metabolic dysfunction, which are a risks factor for breast cancer recurrence and cardiovascular disease.”
The greatest risk is from the chemotherapy drug doxorubicin, an anthracyclin. Eight treatments increase heart failure risk by 5 percent, up to a 48 percent increase after 14 doses, the doctors wrote in the statement.
But women with breast cancer are not encouraged to avoid treatment.
“Any patient who is going to undergo breast cancer treatment — whether they have heart disease at the beginning or not — should be aware of the potential effects of the treatments on their heart,” said Dr. Laxmi Mehta, chair of the AHA writing committee and director of the Women's Cardiovascular Health Program at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. “This should not deter or scare patients from undergoing breast cancer treatment, but should allow them to make informed decisions with their doctor on the best cancer treatment for them.”
Related: Breast Cancer May Return Even 20 Years Later, Study Finds
With the statement, the Heart Association hopes to change perception of the biggest threats to women after beating cancer. Breast cancer survivors, over 65, are more likely to die from cardiovascular diseases, such as heart failure, rather than breast cancer.
“Anybody that hears the words 'you've got cancer' starts to change their lives. The bumps in the road mold us to be better people." “Anybody that hears the words 'you've got cancer' starts to change their lives. The bumps in the road mold us to be better people."
“We want patients to get the best treatment for their breast cancer,” said Mehta. “Everyone should have a conversation with their doctor about what are the side effects.”
Connie Hagen, 67, was diagnosed with breast cancer last year and underwent a radical mastectomy, a surgical procedure that involves removal of breast, the underlying chest muscle, and the surrounding lymph nodes. Them doctors put them on a five-year estrogen pill therapy to lower the possibility of the cancer returning.
Connie Hagen, 67, of Longview, Texas, and their cancer team. Courtesy Connie Hagen
Hagen's breast surgeon then told them about their higher risk of heart disease and recommended that they see cardiologist Gilchrist.
“A lot of a woman's risk is modifiable with changes in their behavior.” “A lot of a woman's risk is modifiable with changes in their behavior.”
“I was in a state of shock at the percentage of high risk of cancer survivors after treatment," said Hagen, who lives in Longview, Texas. "I have family background of heart problems, so I said I'm in."
Related: Birth control pills still raise breast cancer risk
Gilchrist says most of the risk factors are in a patient's control.
“A lot of a woman's risk is modifiable with changes in their behavior,” which can include medication or exercise, said Gilchrist.
After getting a personalized exercise prescription from Gilchrist, Hagen is playing tennis again — and likely reducing their risk of heart failure in the process.
“Anybody that hears the words 'you've got cancer' starts to change their lives," said Hagen. "And this last year being diagnosed with cancer changed my attitude a lot. I don't take things for granted.”
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— The U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring decline in nearly seven years.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the Labor Department said Friday, the lowest level since February 2001 and a sign that the job market remains fundamentally solid. Hiring is expected to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry. Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather, the government said, the most in 20 years.
Hourly workers who couldn't work and missed a paycheck would have been counted as not working, thereby lowering September's job total. That's true even if those employees returned to work after the storm passed or will return.
The unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households. That survey counted people as employed even if they were temporarily off work because of the storms. In fact, the proportion of adults who have jobs rose to 60.4 percent, the highest since January 2009.
Average hourly wages rose a healthy 2.9 percent from 12 months earlier. Still, the government said that figure was artificially inflated by the loss of so many lower-paid workers in hurricane-hit areas. The result was that higher-paid workers disproportionately boosted the wage figure.
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas, the government says. That's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation's workforce.
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market. This week, a survey of services firms — covering restaurants, construction companies, retail stores, banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005. That followed a survey of manufacturers, which found an equally strong gain. Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years.
Some signs suggest that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy. Auto sales, which had been lackluster this year, jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago, according to Autodata Corp., as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms. That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production.
Harvey caused about $76 billion to $87 billion in economic losses, according to Moody's Analytics, an economic consulting firm. The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output. That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster, after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Irma will likely end up having caused $58 billion to $83 billion in economic losses, Moody's forecasts. Maria, which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, could cost $45 billion to $95 billion, though that is a preliminary estimate.
___
This story has been corrected to show that September's job losses figure was the first decline in nearly seven years.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
The Kaduna Polytechnic Academic Staff Union, ASUP, has embarked on an indefinite strike over alleged misappropriation of N260 million and non-payment of 5 months peculiar academic and hazard allowance arrears. A resolution of ASUP congress meeting held on Friday, signed by its Chairman, Dr. Aliyu H. Ibrahim, and made available to newsmen, said, the level […]
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Isis says it carried out Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Photo Credit: Kristoffer Tripplaar/ Sipa USA
By Scott T. Sterling
Pete Townshend saved the day.
The Who's frontman Roger Daltrey has revealed that their forthcoming solo album, As Long As I Have You, almost didn't happen. According to the singer, it was their longtime partner in The Who, Pete Townshend, who made sure that it did.
Related: The Who's Roger Daltrey Details New Solo Album ‘As Long As I Have You'
“There was a time there when I didn't think I'd make it all,” Daltrey revealed to MOJO on the album that was initially derailed when the singer contracted viral meningitis in 2015. “But this incredible peace came over me. I'll never forget it.”
When Daltrey went back to finish the album, those doubts returned. Enter Townshend to save the day.
“Pete was the one who convinced me that it was great,” Daltrey confessed about As Long As I Have You, which features Townshend on seven tracks.
“You know, the difficult thing for Roger and me is that we never really collaborated on a creative level, not even in the way we plan stage shows,” Townshend shared in the article. “Either I am driving or they are driving. The next Who is a album if there is to be one really needs to feature songs from Roger Daltrey and Pete Townshend in equal numbers.”
As Long As I Have You are set for release on June 1.
Salem, Ore. — An Elementary P.E. teacher is facing several charges after being accused of having a inappropriate sexual contact with a former student.
Salem Police Detectives say 40-year-old Shane Ross faces five counts of Sexual Abuse in the First Degree, nine counts of Sexual Abuse in the Second Degree and one count of Unlawful Sexual Penetration in the Second Degree.
Salem Police Lieutenant Dave Okada says they are worried there may be more victims out there and encourages anyone who may thing they are or know a victim, to call Salem Police.
Ross is listed as a Physical Education teacher at Englewood Elementary, part of the Salem/Keizer School District
Salem Police Department Tip Line at 503-588-8477.
Three Missouri teens — including 17-year-olds Jared Pinkley, left, and Nathan Meurer, right — were arrested after Wentzville police say they lured a man into woods and robbed him, hoping to make them confess to raping one of the teens. Wentzville Police Department
Image copyright Essex Police Image caption Samuel Breed, 13, from Rainham, died following the accident in London Road, Purfleet
Tributes have been paid to a teenager killed when they were hit by a motorbike.
Samuel Breed, 13, from Rainham, east London, died at the scene of the crash in London Road, Purfleet, Essex, near the junction with Vellacott Close, on Saturday afternoon.
The motorcyclist remains in critical condition in hospital.
Samuel's family said in a statement: "We have lost a wonderful son. They were loved by all who met them and their star will continue to shine forever."
Image copyright Si Braybrooke-Gibbens Image caption Officers are continuing to appeal for witnesses
Officers are continuing to appeal for witnesses.
Anyone with information is asked to call Essex Police.
Much has been talked about the upcoming movie of the anticipated and stellar combo of Jr. NTR & Trivikram Srinivas. The movie, which has been titled as Aravindha Sametha Veera Raghava, is progressing at a very brisk pace. Trivikram Srinivas, who bit the dust with their previous outing, Agnyathavaasi, seems to be all determined with the current flick in order to render a hit and Jr NTR is looking forward to continuing their positive momentum at the box office.
Release Date Of Aravindha Sametha Veera Raghava
Set against the backdrop of Rayalaseema, this action based flick is expected to hit screens for the occasion of Dussehra. The festival which coincides in the month of Sept-Oct is seen as a huge window amongst the trade as the inflow of audience during the said window will be humongous. In order to cash in cool bucks, makers of big banners release their movies during the occasion, and the same is being looked out by the producers of Aravindha Sametha Veera Raghava.
First Look And Its Criticism
The motion poster of the movie featuring Tarak's bare body with well-built abs invoked happiness amongst Nandamuri fans but a section of audience criticized the look as it was alleged to be a morphed image. It was then learnt that the poster was a fan-made attempt and not from the makers of the movie.
A simple motion poster involving Tarak and Pooja Hegde with a soothing BGM from SS Thaman was released by the team. The poster however, doesn't offer the feel of faction backdrop movie set against the Rayalseema backdrop.
The poster has garnered over 55K Likes clocking over 1.6 Million Views.
Cast And Crew
The movie stars Jr NTR, Pooja Hegde, Eesha Rebba and others in the lead roles. SS Thaman will be scoring music while PS Vinod will be cranking camera. Naveen Nooli is assigned the task of editing department while art direction will be driven by AS Prakash. Being bankrolled by Haarika & Haasine Creations, Aravindha Sametha Veera Raghava is being written and directed by Guruji, Trivikram Srinivas.
EN is excited to bring you a new series from William Micklem: Breadth As Well As Depth. The series addresses the need for breadth in eventing education and also includes their thoughts on event horse breeding, plus gives added value from the inimitable Harry Potter. Today we bring you Part 6: Does Size Matter? In Praise of Smaller Horses. Be sure to read Part 1, Part 2, Part 3, Part 4, Part 5.
Dumbledore said in Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire: “Cornelius! You place too much importance, and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be!”
Dumbledore is talking about how someone grows mentally, and of course this is key both for humans and horses. But sadly in the horse world we often place too much emphasis on their sheer physical size and insufficient emphasis on their mental qualities, a horse's character and personality. I think it may be a man thing!
However historically some great and famous men have preferred small horses. Winston Churchill said 15.3 was big enough for any man, and Wellington and Napoleon's famous war-horses, Copenhagen and Marengo, were just 15 and 14.1 hands respectively.
Both these horses performed some extraordinary feats of endurance. For example Copenhagen, who was a three-fourths Thoroughbred stallion, was the Duke's mount during the Battle of Waterloo, carrying them for 17 hours continuously during the battle.
Marengo was frequently used in the 80 mile gallops from Valladolid to Burgos in Spain, which they often completed in under five hours. What is interesting is that recent research shows that Marengo, whose skeleton is in the UK, was actually Irish bred, rather than being born in Egypt as previously thought, and was a part bred Connemara!
Smaller is often better
The current fashion for big horses is probably a cause of both soundness problems and a lack of longevity in the modern sport horse, so there is a real need to knock on the head the theory that bigger is better.
It is well known in the dog world that small dogs live longer than big dogs and in general the same applies in the horse world. For example Shire and heavy horses rarely live much past 20 and the majority of longevity records are achieved by ponies, who often have almost twice this life span.
When it comes to soundness the data is limited, but the general experience is that those who stay sounder longer tend to be those that are lighter on their feet and move efficiently. This is no surprise as both trainers and equine veterinarians confirm that the majority of ailments are in the foot and lower half of the foreleg, and so those that pound the ground heavily are more likely to sustain injuries in these areas.
We also know that there is a high frequency of foreleg tendon and ligament injuries with horses that work at or close to their maximum speed, particularly when tired. So by using quality animals, of any breed, that can both work well within their maximum speed and spring over the ground, there is a greater chance of staying sound.
The weight of a horse has an obvious effect on the forces exerted on ligaments, tendons and bone structure of the horse. The weight ranges within different breeds can be huge, but in general it is true that the average 14.2 pony is half the weight of an average modern sport horse and the average Thoroughbred is 200 pounds lighter than a sport horse of a similar height.
However, the crucial point is the sport horse does not have twice the amount of bone as the pony, nor are its ligaments and tendons twice as strong, and even though the Thoroughbred is 200 pounds lighter than the sport horse the Thoroughbred has evolved to be stronger in these key areas because of the racing industry.
Of course there are exceptions but there is a correlation between soundness of the lower limb and the forces exerted on them, and weight (mass) and speed are the two most significant factors influencing these forces. The weight of a horse within each breed will tend to increase and decrease according to their size, therefore smaller means lighter but not necessarily weaker.
As examples my foundation mare, High Dolly, the dam of Mandiba, High Kingdom and Jackaroo, was seven-eighths Thoroughbred and not quite 16 hands, but won four point-to-points by a distance carrying 175 pounds! While Hyperion, one of the most influential Thoroughbred sires of all time, was only 15.1 when they won the English Derby and fully grown was just 15.3.
World beating small event horses
Also 15.3 was Charisma, Mark Todd's double Olympic individual gold medalist in 1984 and 1988; and one inch even smaller was their teammate Heelan Tompkin's prolific Glengarrick, who was the smallest and oldest horse at the 2004 Athens Olympics where they finished seventh individually as an 18-year-old.
Glengarrick also won the CCI3* at Puhinui in Auckland aged 19 in 2005. The following year they made their final championships appearance at the World Equestrian Games in Aachen in 2006, once again taking seventh place.
Like Mark and Heelan, their New Zealand teammate Caroline Powell made their name on a small horse, Lenamore. This 15.3 superstar won Burghley at the age of 17 and completed two four-stars every year from 2005 until 2012 when they were 19! They were by the sire of Cruising, the Irish Draught Sea Crest, and was in the rosettes at Badminton an amazing seven times.
Also 15.3 was Kirby Park Irish Jester, ridden by Australia's Megan Jones. This 75% Thoroughbred Irish Sport Horse was a stalwart of Australian eventing for many years, competing at the 2006 Aachen World Equestrian Games and earning a team silver medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. They finished 2008 ranked #1 on the FEI World Leaderboard for eventing.
However Australia's most famous little horse has to be the 15-hand Our Solo, who Bill Roycroft rode to win Badminton and be part of the gold medal Olympic team in Rome in 1960.
Show jumping pocket rockets
They say show jumpers need to have size, but there are many examples of small superstars. For example last September Kent Farrington won the Longines Masters in Los Angeles on their much loved Creedance, who is just 15.1. Last spring in Wellington the $1 million class was won by Lauren Hough on their prolific winner the 15.2 mare Ohlala.
Of course the biggest show jumping Olympic track of all time was in 1968 in Mexico and the Silver medal was won by Marion Coakes on Stroller, the Irish rubber ball who I once watched win a 14.2 pony class with Marion! Mexico was a triumph for small horses, as the USA's Bill Steinkraus rode the 16-hand Thoroughbred Snowbound to beat Stroller for the gold medal. The British gold medal event team had Jane Bullen on the 14.3 Our Nobby, who also won Badminton that year.
Another Thoroughbred, Touch of Class, won the 1984 show jumping gold medal for the USA in Los Angeles. Ridden by Joe Fargis, they were just 15.3. And who could forget 1988 Olympic Champion Jappaloup, ridden for France by Pierre Durand, who was 15.1, or in more recent times the two 15.2 Grand Prix legends Laura Kraut's Cedric, and long time world number one Itot du Chateau, ridden by Edwina Tops-Alexander.
My personal favourites were Eric Lamaze on the 16-hand powerhouse and multiple Grand Prix winner Hickstead, and Meredith Michaels-Beerbaum's Quick Star, the sire of Nick Skelton's gold medalist Big Star and so many other great jumpers, who was just a fraction over 15.2.
World beating ponies and pony genes
When Theodore O'Connor stormed round both the Pan Americans and Kentucky CCI4* with Karen O'Connor, despite being just under 14.2, we were mesmerized, but in fact there have been numerous ponies and part bred ponies competing successfully in international competitions, including 14.3 Little Tiger, ridden by Britain's Phoebe Buckley, who completed six four-stars from 2008 to 20010.
Little Tiger was seven-eighths Thoroughbred, and crossing the Thoroughbred with the Connemara Pony has long proved to be a wonderful genetic mix. Stroller was bred this way, as are both Allie Blyskal-Sacksen's four-star flyer Sparrow's Nio and Camilla Speirs' Portersize Just a Jiff, who had two top 10 finishes at four-stars last year.
There was another part-bred Connemara that was one of the best event horses of all time. Their name was Grasshopper, so called because of their regular bucking sessions. A three-time Olympian and hall of famer they were bred a few miles from me in Co Wicklow, by the Thoroughbred Tudor out of a Connemara pony called Hope.
Grasshopper was ridden by Ireland's Ian Dudgeon in the 1956 Olympics at Stockholm Sweden, then came to the USA and was ridden by Michael Page in 1960 at the Rome Olympics and again in 1964 at Tokyo.
Jimmy Wofford describes them like this: “He was smart, tough, brave, and indefatigable beyond belief. They would still be pulling at the end of a 22-mile speed and endurance test.” Grasshopper won team silver and individual gold medal at the 1959 Pan American Games, team and gold medals at the 1963 Pan American Games, and team silver medal and fourth place individual finish at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics. They were a true legend.
Two other world class part-bred Connemaras were Dundrum and Marcus Aurelius. Tommy Wade's 15-hand Dundrum won not only Grand Prix but also Speed and Puissance classes. They once won all five international classes at the Dublin Horse Show and was also a part of the winning Aga Khan Nations Cup team. Something that is unlikely to ever be repeated.
Marcus Aurelius was the 15.1-hand ride of a lifetime for Mary Anne Tauskey, as part of the gold medal winning USA teams in both the Pan American Games and the Montreal Olympics.
Huge advantages of pony and TB genes
Pony blood is underused in sport horses. Just consider the facts: Ponies are different genetically and so many things are less prevalent in ponies, including navicular, tendonitis and warts. When cut they even produce little of the proud flesh (granulation) that is common with wounds on horses. A good dollop of pony blood has much to offer sport horse breeding and might be a game changer for those who breed performance horses.
This is because ponies live longer, are generally sounder, have more pound per pound dynamic strength, and in my opinion are also more intelligent overall. This is not surprising as the modern sport horse brain has only been developed over the last 150 years and the Thoroughbred over 300 years, but the Connemara pony, for example, has had between 1,500 and 2,500 years for brain development.
Arguably the most influential show jumping sire of all time was the slightly built three-fourths Thoroughbred Cor de la Bryere. They were almost gelded in France because of this but then sent to Germany instead and little used initially. They soon saw the error of this move as their offspring started to perform. Now in modern show jumping there is a much greater appreciation of the need for quality and a horse that can gallop.
Even in dressage more quality horses abound and who can forget the petite 16.00 Rembrandt who won eight individual Gold medals with Nicole Uphoff and looked just like a quality event horse. Their dam was by the Thoroughbred Angelo. Despite what we are often told there is wide use of Thoroughbred blood in dressage horses, and even the Hanoverian stallion of the year in 2006 was the full Thoroughbred Lauries Crusador.
In addition as I outlined in my previous article the majority of Germany's top event horses are three-fourths Thoroughbred or more, even though they may be branded Holsteiner or Hanoverian.
Custom made horses
So does size matter? In the world of performance horses it is almost certainly overrated, especially when the majority of riders are female. Of course it is important to have a horse that can easily carry their rider, but ideally in a general purpose saddle the rider's knees should be at the widest point of the body of the horse, and not several inches above as often happens with a small rider on a big horse.
In addition, as well as being easier to ride, small horses also have safety benefits, as they are less likely to create balance and security issues for the rider.
Therefore as horse riding is both a sport for all and sport for life the smaller horses are vital, not only for elite sport, but to provide the right mounts for the hundreds of thousands of novice and pleasure riders, and for the thousands of young and the old who might take up riding if it was easier to find the right horse. Then many more could experience the life enhancing possibilities of our extraordinary sport, with all its transferable skills.
Without doubt the equestrian world has always had much to offer in terms of life skills and as Winston Churchill, a real Professor Dumbledore figure if there ever was one, said, “No hour of life is lost that is spent in the saddle.” So let's make these magical hours possible for many more people … and from this group of new riders some could undoubtedly find their Harry Potter spirit, dig deep into their mental strength and become Olympians.
©William Micklem
Next Time: BREADTH AS WELL AS DEPTH + Lessons from Harry Potter, they're concluding part of this series: Part 7 – Friendship and bravery and two wonderful USA superheroes.
OAKLAND — Before the New Year, seven Western Conference teams have separated from the lower rung of the conference, looking like near playoff certainties with more than four months still left in the season.
Those seven: the Warriors, Spurs, Rockets, Jazz, Thunder, Grizzlies and Clippers, all at least six games ahead of the nearest competitor.
But eight teams make the playoffs. And the Warriors, currently two games up on the second-seeded Spurs, are likely to be the top seed. If they are, who would they meet in that 1-8 matchup?
Right now, it's a clutter. The Kings, at 14-19, are tied with the Nuggets, also 14-19, while the Blazers, at 15-21, and the Pelicans, at 14-21, remain nearby. There's so much time remaining in the season and so many things that could happen.
But the Blazers have regressed enough and the Nuggets have become frisky enough to at least start considering them (and the Kings and Pelicans) as a possible first round matchup for Golden State (if they maintain that top seed).
The Nuggets are in Oracle Arena on Monday night. They bring the league's best offensive rebounding team and the main reason for that stat: Nikola Jokic, an emerging young big whose game has grown even as their reputation, nationally, remains very much under the radar.
Here's Draymond Green on Jokic and the Nuggets.
Them legal team successfully convinced the six-woman jury that eight articles from Woman's Day, Women's Weekly, OK! Magazine and New Weekly in 2015 painted the actor as a liar, and damaged their career.
"I just think it's really important that the truth comes out," Wilson told reporters gathered outside the court on May 19.
Wilson maintained throughout the trial they had never lied about their real name, age or childhood, and on Thursday the jury returned unanimous verdicts in the actor's favour. Bauer Media's defence argued the articles were substantially true and that they were not likely to cause harm to Wilson.
Here is everything you need to know about what went down in the courtroom.
First things first: what was all the fuss about?
In May 2015 Woman's Day magazine published an article titled “Just who is the REAL Rebel?”. It was the first of eight pieces published over a three day period about the Pitch Perfect star.
Wilson claims the articles conveyed that they were a serial liar who invented fantastic stories in order to make it to Hollywood. OMG I'm actually a 100 year old mermaid formerly known as "CC Chalice" ....thanks shady Australian press for your tall poppy syndrome x
Wilson, 37, said the articles implied they had lied about their age, name and upbringing. Wilson said they also implied they had lied about being caught in a shoot-out; being inside a cage with a leopard; contracting malaria; living in Zimbabwe; and their upbringing as being disadvantaged when it was not. “Rebel's world collapsed,” their barrister, Dr Matthew Collins, QC, told the court. “Rebel knew instantly that the article was serious. It was a crisis. They thought she'd never been hit with such nastiness." They claimed Wilson was subsequently sacked from Trolls and Kung Fu Panda 3. “It should have been the high point of their career... In fact, the phone stopped ringing.”
One of the claims made against Bauer was that the article implied Wilson pretended they were from a working class background. Them barrister asked Wilson to describe the meaning of the word bogan. “You can say it is because you're of a lower socio-economic group; you could say it is in the way you dress or your haircut or the way you speak or a general lack of culture," they said. "I kind of use it very endearingly... Probably right now I'd be a cashed-up bogan."
.@RebelWilson has been sworn in, and has started giving evidence. "My family doesn't think I'm that funny."
They told the court of their childhood in the northwestern Sydney suburb of Castle Hill before the family moved to a suburb further west. Them parents took different jobs - as an ESL teacher and petrol station attendant - to fund their daughter's private school tuition. “To me [the high school] was like a resort.... it was like, oh my god. I thought I was very lucky to go there." Them brother Ryan (Ryot) Bownds later told the court the family was not wealthy and that their parents made sacrifices to send their kids to private schools.
The court was shown photos of the caravan used for their parents' 'Petcetera Etcetera' business through which they sold products - including the canine chocolates for which Wilson developed a taste - at dog shows. One photo showed them as a junior dog trainer at a show in outer Sydney.
The jury was shown a picture of Wilson with malaria as a teenager. They said they were given medicine after contracting the tropical disease in South Africa after finishing high school. The medicine caused them to hallucinate about being awarded an Oscar. They rapped the fantasy acceptance speech to the jury: “Listen up y'all, I've got something to say, it is about this award that I won today." Wilson also told the court they had witnessed crossfire and dead bodies on this trip.
Wilson told the court that they had "always known" that they were Disney's grandniece. "It is like knowing who your parents are,” they said. They had discussed it on The Graham Norton Show in Britain. “As far as I'm concerned... it's a distant relationship, it's something I'm proud of."
Wilson said they had always been told their great aunt Lillian married Disney. Rebel: dead serious on that #Disney claim.
They told the court that their relation to the animator was the reason for them being accepted into Disneyland's exclusive Club 33, for which they paid a $60,000 joining fee.
The jury was shown pictures of Wilson as a child on a trip to the Californian theme park.
Wilson's sister Liberty Mair gave evidence and agreed that Disney was a distant relative.
The court later heard that Wilson was offered an episode on the SBS documentary series Who Do You Think You Are?, a show where high profile Australians trace their geneology. But their agent, Jacinta Waters, said Wilson turned down the offer.
In their appearance on the talk show, Wilson told Letterman they lived in a "ghetto" in Sydney. "When you used the word 'ghetto', are you telling us that you mean that as a serious description of the suburb of Kenthurst?" Bauer Media's barrister Georgina Schoff, QC asked Wilson. "No, obviously that was a joke," they responded. "Got a laugh." Schoff put it to Wilson that "to get a laugh, sometimes you have to exaggerate the facts". "I don't need to lie to get laughs. Jokes are not lies, they are just jokes," Wilson said.
"Proud to be on @rebelwilson's side today! #superstar," Hughes tweeted.
Them real name was Melanie Elizabeth Bownds, but their mother nicknamed their Rebel after a six-year-old girl who had sung at their parents' wedding, the court heard.
Wilson decided to legally change their name in 2002 to Rebel Elizabeth Melanie Wilson, taking their mother's maiden name.
Shari Nementzik, who penned the articles, rejected assertions made by Wilson's barrister Collins who said they had breached the journalistic code of ethics by leaving out facts from their piece and not giving Wilson a right of reply.
Rebel Wilson starts crying in court as their lawyer reads out a quote from their testimony about the impact of the Women's Day story
Collins also showed Nementzik a number of articles which stated Wilson's age was 34 (at the time) but the journalist said they hadn't seen some of them.
Lawyer: "Do you have anything you want to say to Ms Wilson?" Nementzik: "Just that there was no harm intended whatsoever."
"There's a lot of confusing research," Nementzik said.
"No I don't believe I misled my readers."
The source commented on a story on the Woman's Day website in 2012 which claimed they had gone to high school with Wilson and said: "what a lier [sic] they had become!!" They claimed Wilson added a touch of "fantasy" to stories about their life in order to "make it in Hollywood". Nementzik said everyone knows tabloid magazines work on "chequebook journalism" for their stories and that the source was paid $2,000 for the information.
Nementzik said their publication decided to revisit the story in May 2015 during the release of Pitch Perfect 2.
The picture showed Wilson, aged 22, with black, curly hair and accompanied a 2002 article about their trip to New York after they won one of four $12,000 scholarships from the Australian Theatre for Young People. Wilson told the court they emailed Hywood in February, 2015 to remove the article which stated their age at the time.
"I was in a business relationship with them and he'd asked me to reach out if I ever needed anything," they said.
Wilson's barrister Collins said Bauer Media's barrister Schoff had “sullied” Wilson's childhood memories and that their client had showed “enormous dignity” while mud was “thrown at her”.
They said Nementzik should not have treated other media reports of their client “as gospel” and said: "That's not research - it's plagiarism.” Schoff said Wilson hadn't been “forthright” on a number of matters, and that it wasn't correct that the actor's career had slowed down, telling the jury that Wilson had signed contracts worth millions of dollars since the article was published.
The judge quoted Shakespeare's Othello to the jury. Justice Dixon quotes Shakespeare: "He that filches from me my good name robs me of that which not enriches them and makes me poor indeed"
After reciting lines from Othello antagonist Iago, the judge Justice John Dixon explained defamation law to the jury.
Gina Rushton is a breaking news reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Sydney. Contact Gina Rushton at gina.rushton@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Earthworms improve the soil by burrowing
hello
Earthworms squirm through a clump of dirt. There are quite a few benefits to the worms burrowing into garden soil, including fertilizing plants and letting air circulate through soil. Courtesy of Professor Sjoerd Duiker, Penn State
"How do worms make the soil good?" asked a curious student at Libertyville Recreation Department's Kinder Korner Preschool program.
The earthworms you see when you dig in your yard are pretty short, but the story they tell is a long one with some twists and turns.
The first chapter has an abrupt ending. Life for all earthworms in North America's northern regions ended about 11,000 years ago when glacial ice sheets shaved off topsoil and completely wiped out native earthworm populations.
But the story wasn't over. Like much of the animal and plant life that surrounds us today, these silent, soil-bound invertebrates are a nonnative species. Spoiler alert -- earthworms made a big comeback. Starting a few hundred years ago, they stowed away in plants brought by immigrants to the New World and began doing what they do best -- burrowing under the soil.
These couple-inch-long worms felt very welcome in their new turf and quickly spread across North America.
"Most studies document between 20,000 and 1 million per acre," said Penn State University Associate Professor Sjoerd Duiker, a specialist in soil management and physics.
As they burrow into soil, they bring needed oxygen to plant roots. Water chases them through their tunnels and nourishes plants. Burrows actually help minimize erosion by increasing soil stability. Earthworm castings (a fancy word for poop) are made of digested plant material, which turns out to be a terrific food source for plants.
Earthworms are categorized by the three underground levels they inhabit: litter dwellers that live in the debris of crops or on forest floors; topsoil dwellers that burrow in the top two-to-three inches of soil; and subsoil dwellers with wormholes well below ground, as deep as six feet.
Earthworms are efficient producers, as Duiker explains, "Earthworms have been shown to process as much as 36 tons of casts per acre -- this is soil that has passed through the gut of the worms where it was mixed with organic matter and subsequently pooped out."
They are also efficient at replicating, and sometimes can produce worm babies starting with only one worm acting as both male and female. The only thing that does stop them is dry soil. Earthworms need a moist environment to survive.
In any good story, there's some drama. Nonnative plants, animals and insects have a tendency to create an ecosystem upset, and the litter dweller earthworms are no exception. In the Chippewa forests of Minnesota, these machine-like composters are depleting important forest-floor litter and worming their way into tree root systems. In the Smokey Mountains, the Asian jumper earthworm is gorging on the forest floor. As a result, the native species of beetles and insects at the lowest end of the food chain have limited food supplies, creating an imbalance in the entire food web.
There are ways everyone can chip in to turn the page on the bad earthworms. Commonly used as fishing bait, earthworms find a path to forest floors through rivers. Great Lakes Worm Watch makes a call for fishermen to throw unused bait earthworms in the trash, not on the ground or in the water. Because of damage these worms have caused in the Smokey Mountains, the National Park Service prohibits using live bait for fishing.
Mining Misfire: Calendar 2 Vanishes from App Store
A popular calendar app for the Mac has disappeared from Apple's App Store after it was found to be mining cryptocurrency without the user's permission.
We should note right off-the-bat that the app in question, Calendar 2, was upfront about its usage of the Mac's CPU for mining cryptocurrency (Monero), and this was actually concocted as a (rather novel) alternate payment method to unlock premium features.
In other words, Calendar 2 had both a free version and a version with advanced features that could be unlocked via a one-off or subscription payment -- but if you didn't fancy either of the former, you could unlock the additional features by giving the app permission to use your processor to mine cryptocurrency.
Firefighters in Collier County spent hours fighting a six-acre brush fire that threatened eight homes near Collier Boulevard on Monday.
Libyan charged in 1998 US embassy bombings dies CAIRO — Fifteen years after allegedly helping al Qaeda plot the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, Abu Anas al-Libi parked their car on a quiet street...
US raid on key Osama pal caught on tape Stunning video shows US Delta Force commandos pulling off a daring, predawn raid to capture one of Osama bin Laden's suspected key henchmen in Libya. At least three members of...
Judge may use 2 juries in 1998 embassy bombings trial He's not with us! Two suspects in the 1998 bombings of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania may get a separate jury when they are tried along with terror-loving...
Judge tosses ‘terror' lawyer's claim in embassy bombing case An Egyptian lawyer's statements under questioning by British authorities about the 1998 bombings of two US embassies in Africa will be allowed as evidence at a US trial that could...
Terror suspect's lawyer once repped '93 WTC bomber A defense lawyer who once represented imprisoned 1993 World Trade Center bomber Ramzi Yousef has been tapped to represent the computer nerd accused of helping orchestrate the 1998 bombings of...
Embassy bombing suspect a 'chatterbox' A terror-loving computer nerd who served as one of Osama bin Laden's key henchmen — allegedly helping orchestrate the 1998 bombings of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania —...
Libyan pleads not guilty to US embassy blasts A terror-loving computer nerd who served as one of Osama bin Laden's key henchmen pleaded not guilty on Tuesday to helping orchestrate the devastating 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in...
LEBANON, NH--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) -
WHO:
Chris Forman, founder and CEO of Appcast, the leading developer of programmatic job advertising technology
WHAT:
Will present "Integrating a Data-Driven Roadmap: The Smart Sourcing Strategy" during the Maine HR Convention 2017.
WHEN:
The conference will take place Tuesday, May 9 - Thursday, May 11, 2017.
Forman is scheduled to speak on Tuesday, May 9 at 9:30 a.m. EDT.
WHERE:
Samoset Resort
220 Warrenton Street
Rockport, Me.
DETAILS:
Recruiters and hiring managers know all too well how difficult it can be to fill specialized positions, or that passive job seekers don't actively search for new opportunities. However, with the right, targeted sourcing strategy in place, it is possible to dive into a deep network and reach these candidates.
During the Maine HR Convention 2017, Chris Forman, founder and CEO of Appcast, will explore data-driven recruitment planning and explain how this approach can help attract passive, specialized candidates. In addition, Forman will discuss how leveraging data during sourcing can work to reduce time-to-interview as well as time-to-hire. Session attendees will take away a data-driven roadmap for sourcing that supports reaching and engaging qualified candidates while providing the insight needed to drive more informed hiring decisions plus robust reporting analytics for measuring return on investment.
HR professionals, hiring managers and recruiters interested in learning more about integrating data into the sourcing strategy at their organization are encouraged to attend Forman's presentation. Information about the Maine HR Convention can be accessed at: http://www.mainehr.com/page/905/maine-hr-convention.
About Appcast
Appcast is using data and programmatic targeting to revolutionize the global recruitment advertising industry. From its namesake pay-per-applicant job ad exchange to its market-leading recruitment media optimization platform, Appcast is changing how more than 600 leading employers, ad agencies, and job boards attract high quality job seekers. To learn more, visit: http://www.appcast.io.
The family of a Leeds teacher stabbed to death by a student have lost their High Court challenge over the inquest
The family Ann Maguire have lost their challenge against a coroner's decision not to call evidence from pupils who had contact with their schoolboy killer immediately before the murder.
Mrs Maguire's husband Don, children and nephews - who were not at London's High Court for the ruling - wanted Mr Justice Holroyde to order the decision taken by assistant West Yorkshire coroner Kevin McLoughlin to be reconsidered.
An inquest into Mrs Maguire's death is due to take place before a jury at Wakefield Coroner's Court in November.
The 61-year-old teacher was stabbed in the back by 15-year-old Will Cornick as they taught a Spanish class at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds in April 2014.
Cornick was later sentenced to life with a minimum term of 20 years.
Dismissing the claim for judicial review, the judge said: "I have much sympathy for the claimants, and I fully understand their reasons for wishing to pursue this line of inquiry.
"For the reasons I have given, however, I am unable to accept the submission that the assistant coroner reached a decision which was so seriously flawed as to be ...unreasonable."
Counsel Nick Armstrong told the judge that it was the only occasion on which a teacher had been killed by a pupil in a British classroom and the family were anxious "that all the lessons that can be learned from this enormous tragedy are learned".
They said the coroner accepted that the inquest should address school rules and policies about weapons in school, reporting the presence of weapons in school, and how those rules and policies had been communicated to students.
This was because that over the three hours before the murder, Cornick told other students what they intended to do, and showed a number of them the knife - yet no report to a member of staff was made, at least until it was too late.
The coroner said that all those students - now adults - were "potentially vulnerable" and were not to be re-approached, with the result that only transcripts of their interviews with police at the time would be adduced.
Mr Armstrong said this approach was unlawful as the decision was a blanket one based on limited and generic evidence about vulnerability generally.
Cathryn McGahey QC argued that the decision was lawfully open to the assistant coroner who was "uniquely well-placed" to make it.
The request to call the former pupils was opposed by other interested parties - including the sisters of Mrs Maguire, one of whom was an experienced teacher - who were concerned about the effect that giving evidence might have on these young people, they added.
And Leeds City Council had said the facts regarding the morning of the incident were already clear and required no duplication of inquiry.
Ms McGahey said: "The key issue was the usefulness of the evidence that these students could give.
"The coroner was entitled to reach the view that the benefit of calling the students would be limited."
It was a school without a history of violence and therefore without any reason for there to be any express but unwritten rule or policy.
Most of the students told the police they had not taken Cornick's threats seriously and the transcripts of their contemporaneous interviews would be available.
The evidence of teaching staff, who had experience of the attitudes of hundreds of students of varying ages, was likely to be far more reliable and useful.
Yogi Amin, partner at law firm Irwin Mitchell, said: "Ann Maguire's family will now take stock and discuss the options with their legal team.
"They remain committed to finding out the truth and exactly what happened on the day Ann was killed through a thorough, open and fair process.
"They believe it is the only way that lessons will be learned from the incident."
In their ruling, the judge said that in pursuing their "understandable and commendable" wish to assist, the claimants would never be able to point to the evidence of a handful of former pupils as being necessarily representative of the understanding and likely response of school pupils as a body.
"Inevitably, therefore, questioning of any former pupil who was called as a witness would come down to an investigation of how they or they individually perceived the risk posed by William Cornick and why they or they did not report William Cornick to a member of staff.
"Thus, inevitably, there would be a substantial risk that any individual student questioned about such matters would feel that they or they were being criticised and perhaps even blamed for the death."
They added: "In striking the balance which they did, the assistant coroner was entitled to conclude that there was a clear risk of harm to former pupils in calling them to give evidence, but that there was little prospect of their oral evidence assisting materially in ascertaining the circumstances of Mrs Maguire's death or in learning lessons for the future.
"There were arguments both for and against calling the interviewed pupils as witnesses, and there was room for different views as to how the balance should be struck; but the assistant coroner took the relevant matters into account, and it is in my judgment impossible to say that their conclusion was not one which was properly open to him."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Councillors in Reading should get tough with charity collectors who approach shoppers in the street.
That's the view of many who were reacting to news Reading Borough Council would be cracking down on "aggressive" beggars in the town centre.
The council revealed on Thursday, October 5 that it would be working in partnership with Thames Valley Police to support homeless people but stop those who bully the public for money.
However, most people in the borough seem to be more concerned with the numbers of people, mainly in Broad Street, who try to get shoppers to sign up to charity payments.
David Luck wrote: "I've got no issue with homeless people *BUT* I have a massive issue with the 'charity' collectors who get all up in your face."
In agreement, Clare Trussell said: "If we have a 'right to walk around and not be harassed' then I suggest the council and police look at the myriad charity collectors who intimidate on a daily basis trying to chat you up in the town centre."
One person thought the poor are being victimised by the new initiative being pursued by the council, Thames Valley Police and businesses in the town centre.
Sadia Anwar wrote: "So punish the poor further. Everything you need to know about a nation is how they treat the most vulnerable. 6th richest country in the world, what a disgrace."
However, councillors insist they will still be helping those who are genuinely homeless by providing support for rough sleepers but say they will not tolerate "residents being harassed by aggressive begging, often carried out by people who have accommodation and live outside the borough."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Continuing with the complaints about charity collectors, Nadia Lewis wrote: "I am heartened to see so many compassionate remarks on here.
"Let's get rid chuggers [charity beggars] and those who thrust heather in our faces before we worry about those who sit quietly begging and are grateful for any human kindness."
Good Evening!
Well the weekend is upon us and it is kind of a mixed bag. Saturday looking like a cool day with a mix of sun and clouds.
- Advertisement -
By Saturday night and Sunday morning however, rain starts to move in across the Southeast keeping temperatures cool, but not too cold, and keeping a pretty constant rain on Super Bowl party preps across the area.
Looks like it could be a pretty rainy day with up to 1″ of rain possible across Middle Georgia, but the heaviest rain looks to head out just in time for the kick off of the big game(that you can watch here on 41NBC)!
Have a great weekend! See ya on 41NBC after the special airing of “This Is Us”, which will follow the Super Bowl!
Chief Meteorologist Cecilia Reeves
72nd Annual Juried Exhibition at Springfield Museum of Art
By Gary Spencer
There are many annual customs that have become time-honored traditions. Whether it's national holidays such as Independence Day or something we've come to expect like the Super Bowl, there are certain things we can look forward to each year. One of the traditions those of us in the Miami Valley can count on is the Annual Juried Members' Art Exhibition at the Springfield Museum of Art. This will be the 72nd edition of this celebration of regionally produced art.
So how did this tradition start? The Annual Juried Members' Exhibition dates back to the very beginning of the arts initiative in Springfield, preceding the opening of the city's art museum by almost 20 years.
“The Spingfield Art Association was first formed in 1946 by a group of concerned artists and cititzens who felt Springfield needed a space to showcase visual arts,” says Springfield Museum of Art Curator Erin Shapiro. “In 1967 the first part of the Museum's building on Cliff Park Road opened. The Annual Members' Show has been ongoing during the Museum's history, and really represents the spirit of the institution.”
The Annual Juried Members' Exhibition represents the spirit of the institution and its initial mission in the community as it provides the opportunity for Springfield Museum of Art's members to connect with others in the community with their shared appreciation of creativity and expression through visual art. So, what exactly is a “juried”
exhibition anyway?
“A juried show means a professional in the field of art is making a determination about which works will be included in an exhibition. ” Shapiro explains. “Our juror changes each year, and represents a broad spectrum of professionals working in galleries, museums, and community art centers throughout the state of Ohio. This year our juror is Michelle Brandt, owner of Brandt-Roberts Gallery in Columbus, Ohio.”
This is where the “Members” part of the exhibition's name comes in. All current Springfield Museum of Art members 18 and older may enter two pieces of artwork with a guarantee that at least one of their submissions will be displayed. The yearly judge then decides which member artist will get a second work displayed in the exhibition. The show's rules specify that all works must be display ready, have been created within the last three years, and never previously exhibited at the Museum. But this is not the only criteria on which each piece of art is judged for inclusion or exclusion.
“The juror is looking for the overall aesthetic experience of the piece, strength of composition, mastery of the medium, the work's content as well as the overall originality and creativity of the artwork,” Shapiro says.
The Springfield Museum of Art will receive submissions 1-2 weeks prior to the exhibition's opening reception. Due to this short proximity to the unveiling of the exhibit and the very nature of expecting the unexpected, each year makes this show unique and exciting for jurors, show organizers and attendees.
“This exhibition differs from our others as it's an open call to Museum members, and we don't know what we're going to get before the work is dropped off. The rest of our exhibitions are planned two to three years in advance, with a pre-determined inventory of artworks,” Shapiro says. “Artwork varies widely in medium, scale, and content. Last year we had painting, sculpture, fiber, photography, ceramics, and printmaking represented. I expect we'll have that same level of diversity this year as well. That's the joy of the Members' show. You never know what you're going to get from year to year, which makes for an exciting, ever-changing exhibition.”
From there, submitted works will be juried across the exhibition and cash prizes will be awarded to the six most impressive pieces in the show. Artwork included in the exhibition will be available for sale at the discretion of the artist as well, making this event a must-see for art connoisseurs. But ultimately, the Annual Juried Members' Exhibition is a celebration of the creativity and imaginations of the Springfield Museum of Art's members that amply exemplifies the notion that great visual art is being made right here in the Buckeye State.
“We have a broad diversity of regions represented, (and) we generally have many members of the Dayton community participate in the exhibition,” says Shapiro. “We have an extremely talented and diverse membership base, and the artwork continues to grow from year to year.”
The 72nd Annual Juried Members' Art Exhibition runs until September 2 at the Springfield Museum of Art, 107 Cliff Park Road, Springfield. Admission is $5 for adult non-members, and children under 17 are admitted free. For more information, please visit www.springfieldart.net.
MOREHEAD CITY, N.C. (WNCT) – Police arrest four in purse snatching incident in Morehead City.
Morehead City Police say officers were called to the Tractor Supply parking lot after a woman reported someone stole them purse.
Officers say a woman reported chasing someone who stole their purse from their car. As the suspect ran away they dropped the purse before getting into a car. The woman was able to recover their purse; but, says the car nearly ran them over as it pulled away.
Shortly after, deputies and troopers pulled over a car matching of the description of the one involved in the incident, on Highway 70. As result of the stop, four people were arrested.
The suspects have been identified as Devonta Sutton, Makaylah Dixon, Johnny Scott III, and Dontaja Williams. Sutton faces multiple charges including breaking and entering. The other three suspects face a felony conspiracy charge.
As a result of the investigation, Police also recovered as stolen gun and wallet.
BOCA RATON, FL--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Grom Social is pleased to announce the release and launch of MyGromLife Series 2. This web series captures the daily life of 16-year-old Grom Social founder, Zach Marks. At the age of twelve, Zach created a safe social networking website that is often referred to as a "Facebook for kids." A year later, the website was a viral hit. Since then, Zach has been traveling the world promoting and building their company into a successful business. News media and reality television show crews are a regular occurrence in the Marks' residence capturing the progression of Zach's life alongside their tumultuously entertaining and talented family of eight.
In the Series 2 opener Zach, now at the age of sixteen, has their sights set on becoming the CEO of Grom Social by their eighteenth birthday. However, Zach is unaware of the unexpected challenges that lie ahead. Tune in to see Zach, the homeschooled entrepreneur, running their multi-million-dollar company, juggling family obligations and personal relationships while attempting to enjoy a normal life. Episodes are released every Tuesday on the MyGromLife YouTube channel.
See MyGromLife Series 2 Trailer here: https://youtu.be/SEpteTmIzuM
About MyGromLife Web Series and Grom Social
MyGromLife web series is a behind the scenes look into Zach's daily life as they negotiate running Grom Social and their teen lifestyle. The concept for Grom Social was developed in early 2012 by 12-year-old Zach Marks in response to their parents blocking access to a popular social media site over their concerns of potential exposure to unsuitable content. Grom Social is a social media website that delivers a friendly, safe environment to millions of children between the ages of 5 to 16. Visitors may log onto the website at www.gromsocial.com to register via mobile phone, desktop or tablet. Members can chat with friends, view original content or play exclusive Grom Social games. Grom Social, Inc. is a subsidiary of Grom Holdings, Inc. a Delaware holding company.
Forward Looking Statements
This press release may contain forward looking statements which are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those anticipated or expected, including statements related to the amount and timing of expected revenues and any payment of dividends on our common stock, statements related to our financial performance, expected income, distributions, and future growth for upcoming quarterly and annual periods. Actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those projected in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. Among other matters, the Company may not be able to sustain growth or achieve profitability based upon many factors including, but not limited to, general stock market conditions. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses in our expansion of our existing and new service lines, noting there is no assurance that we will generate enough revenues to offset those costs in both the near and long term. Additional service offerings may expose us to additional legal and regulatory costs and unknown exposure(s) based upon the various geopolitical locations where we will be providing services, the impact of which cannot be predicted at this time. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or other information contained herein. Stockholders and potential investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements in this report are reasonable, we cannot assure stockholders and potential investors that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise.
National Leader of the Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has said only people that are crazy will say they were not with President Muhammadu Buhari last week.
In a statement on Monday, Tinubu, a former Governor of Lagos State, said mischief makers were behind the news that they did not visit the President.
The statement, signed by their spokesperson, Tunde Rahman, said Tinubu was in London with the former Interim National Chairman of the APC, Chief Bisi Akande, to visit Buhari and that they met the President at the Abuja House.
The statement reads: “The report about the so-called denial of the visit is the handiwork of mischief- makers.
“I felt we should not dignify that with a response. That report beggars belief.
“Asiwaju Tinubu and Baba Akande were in London. The reason they travelled to the United Kingdom was to see President Buhari.
“And they visited them last Thursday and held discussions with them at the Abuja House in London.
“After the visit, the President, as a mark of respect, saw off their guests to the door.
“Pictures were taken during and after the visit and released to the media by The Presidency.
“These pictures were international headlines. How can anybody in their or their right senses be saying there was no such visit? It's simply crazy!”
Photo courtesy Steve Fishman
Plenty of journalists can tell you about a story that seemed to take over their lives. But for that story to last seven years, with little promise of an easy resolution? That's crazy talk.
Meet Steve Fishman.
In their new podcast Empire on Blood, the former contributing editor at New York magazine teamed up with the podcast network Panoply to tell the story of Calvin Buari. A former crack dealer from the Bronx, Buari spent 22 years in prison for a double murder for which they have always maintained their innocence.
Trending: Meet the journalism school student who found out they won a Pulitzer in class
Knowing the ending—a quick Google search will tell you Buari was released from prison in 2017 after a New York State Supreme Court judge vacated their sentence—won't spoil the story. Empire on Blood, a seven-episode series, has an easy appeal for lovers of true crime and shoe-leather reporting sagas, along with a few stops at a house full of elderly tortoises.
But it also is an adventure for anyone interested in the sausage-making of Fishman's style of by-any-means-necessary investigative journalism. (Disclosure: I worked as an intern at New York magazine in 2014. Fishman was notorious—in a good way—for their habit of asking us to go to great lengths in hunting down hard-to-find information, such as having me call parents on the PTA of a school attended by the children of one of their subjects.) With Empire on Blood, Fishman enters unorthodox reporting territory:  They are at times involved in their subject's campaign, helping them hook up with a new lawyer, and even interviewing the eyewitnesses—for the first time in the case—who would be integral to Buari winning their appeal.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Some stories have a life force, and you find yourself drawn in.
Fishman doesn't hide himself, their opinions, or their mounting dread as the story takes over their life. The result is arguably a more nuanced, narrative story that, much like Serial, brings the audience into the reporting process, a sort of ride-along. Yet the show never loses sight of the real story: Buari's fight for freedom—and for the years they lost—in the face of the overwhelming power of the United States justice system.
CJR spoke with Fishman about their decision to start investigating the case way back in 2011, and how they steered their close relationships with the show's characters, as well as why they say podcasts might be the future of investigative journalism. This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
Tell me about how you got involved with this story.
What happened is there's this guy I know who got themselves out of prison—got themselves exonerated for a murder they didn't commit. I became friends with them and they said, hey, there's this guy Calvin Buari, I was in prison with him, I walked the prison yard with him, we worked on our cases together in the prison library. I think they might be innocent. So I told them to have Cal give me a call.
Cal calls, and it's a funny moment when you get somebody on the phone and you can picture them standing at a prison payphone—you know, with muscle-bound guys lined up behind them saying, hey, hey, your 10 minutes is up. And he's talking to me and he's ripping through the evidence of what they say is their innocence, and I couldn't even follow it.
So I told them to send me the transcripts. And, as you know from the podcast, this 1,100-page thing arrived, and it's fantastic reading. It's like a play!
I'm not the kind of journalist who goes out and has six questions that I want to rip your throat out with. I want to understand the story from your point of view, and I want to enter into your world.
The other thing you get in the transcript is info the jury doesn't get; you get to go into the chambers with the judge and the lawyers. There's a lead witness against Cal who is their former partner and protégé, who really idolizes Cal, a guy named Dwight [Robinson]. And Dwight turns against them and decides to testify against them for the state, and essentially organizes the entire prosecution. He's basically deputized. In the transcript, one of the witnesses for the prosecution testified that Dwight had brought them to the police station in the police cruiser with the detective.
But a lot of it came from my interviews with the prosecutor, this guy I call Turtle Man because they just has turtles running free in their house. They said that without Dwight, they wouldn't have had a case. So now you have this guy organizing the prosecution, and they start bringing in these drug associates, and the DA starts handing out deals. They're all drug dealers, they could all go to prison, and the prosecutor says, okay, nobody does jail time. I mean, they show up at the court hearing of one of the guys and tells the judge, he's helping us. So the way the system worked was eye-opening to me.
At that point I was kind of hooked. Look, at times I just made half steps or quarter steps, but I kept answering their phone calls and kept taking another step.
How did you incorporate this into your life and your other work? Because it sounds like at times it could be fairly consuming.
Actually, at a lot of times I resisted it, because it became pretty clear to me that it was not really good for my career at New York magazine. I mean, I pitched it to [my editor] five different ways, and you know, they could never see a way to get it into the magazine. There were times that they were like, okay, let's do it, but then the magazine halved its publication schedule and it reduced the size of its feature well. So for me, this was kind of my orphan child fairly early on, and frankly, it made me nauseous to think that I was gonna keep doing it.But also it's a human drama, and I'm hooked on the story bit by bit, [and] here's this guy calling me and saying, Steve, I really need you, I need you to do this, I need your help.
I think journalism is an act of empathy…to the extent that you can tell someone's story from their point of view, even if that point of view maybe isn't true in all its particulars.
I didn't always know they were innocent. I really didn't, probably for the first three years. And then there comes a point where this private investigator invites me on a train ride to see these people who may or may not be eyewitnesses. I funded that myself; the magazine [didn't] want any part of it. I took a few days to go down there. It's kind of a skunk work project, something I'm doing off to the side. And it's taken sometimes too much of my time.
Did that become problematic?
Yeah, it became problematic! I started this file system with one drawer and then it became two drawers, and now it's like a huge garbage bin and three drawers, which is some kind of metaphor for how it was taking over my life. It was one of those stories that just took more and more of my time. I didn't manage it very well, and I think it was one of the reasons that in the end I had to make a decision between what I was gonna do: continue to try [to] be a print reporter, or go off and follow stories that I felt were really compelling and that I could find a home for elsewhere.
It was difficult to manage, though. Some stories have a life force, and you find yourself drawn in. And I was not always an active participant, but Cal calls me up and they say, Steve, I need a lawyer; can you connect me to a lawyer? And these guys can't make phone calls to random lawyers. So I conference somebody in, and then I'm listening on the call and I'm involved in it.
Related: Behind the success of the LA Times‘s hit true-crime thriller
As a journalist, how did you navigate being part of the story?
There were a bunch of times where I'd have to stop and say to Cal, “You know I'm a journalist, Cal, and I'm writing a story about this.” And I was always loyal to the story, but at the same time, there were clearly moments where I helped Cal, and there were moments where I was a participant. One of the things that I think works for the journalism of this, and what works as a podcast, is you really see the scaffolding. You see the relationship, and not just my relationship with Cal. You see my relationship with Dwight, and Jaymo, and the cops—so all these things that are usually behind the scenes, the stories you tell at the bar, they're much more out there here.
How did Cal's involvement with drug dealing, and probably with violence, factor into who you approached with the story?
It was hard. Editors looked at the story and said, Wait, a drug dealer who may or may not have committed a murder? And there's a lot of competition for space in the magazine, so I don't think that was necessarily helpful to the wider interest in the story.
You seemed to genuinely like your sources. Tell me about how you navigated your relationships with people who were sometimes diametrically opposed to one another?
I think that if I have one strength as a journalist, it's that I do actually like the people. I'm not the kind of journalist who goes out and has six questions that I want to rip your throat out with. I want to understand the story from your point of view, and I want to enter into your world.
There is that line, and a journalist always crosses that line, especially if you're in a story for a long run, and if you're developing relationships with people. And you always develop relationships with people.
I think journalism is an act of empathy, and to the extent that you can tell someone's story from their point of view, even if that point of view maybe isn't true in all its particulars, I think that's a deeper, richer portrayal of the life you're trying to portray than just checking a box, That was true, that was false.
There's a really chilling moment for me in the podcast where Dwight—the person who organizes the prosecution, quite frankly—he lies on the stand, and Turtle Man says later that they didn't know Dwight lied. And I asked Dwight about it, and they said that it was pretty much common knowledge. So I asked if they were surprised that they let them get away with lying under oath and they said, No, I understood the rules of the game, anybody who plays by the rules is gonna lose.
And for me that was just completely chilling.
Your relationship with Cal and Dwight brought to mind Janet Malcolm's dilemma of getting a source to trust you even if they might not like the results. How did you discuss with them your obligation to tell the story as you saw it?
Janet Malcolm basically says that every journalist is essentially a con man, and the way I handle that is I really do feel that I enter into a relationship in a full-fledged and honest way.
Yeah, I did remind Cal that I'm a journalist. And there were times that Cal would say, “I know you're a journalist, but you have to be sensitive about my feelings, because this is my last shot.” And that's a really poignant moment for me. And it's a really difficult moment, because I think there is that line, and a journalist always crosses that line, especially if you're in a story for a long run, and if you're developing relationships with people. And you always develop relationships with people.
I don't see myself as a con man. I see myself as richly engaged in real relationships, that in the end conflict with one another.
Do they expect that they will be portrayed in the way they think they're gonna be portrayed? Of course they do. Are they disappointed? Most of the time, they are. But I don't subscribe to the theory that I'm a con man. And maybe I'm telling myself a story, but I do feel that, in some way, I'm serially monogamous, serially loyal to and open to and connected to the person I'm speaking with. And when I get back to the typewriter or the microphone, yeah, there are a lot of things that need to be sorted out. But I don't see myself as a con man. I see myself as richly engaged in real relationships, that in the end conflict with one another.
This is your second longform podcast. What draws you to the medium, as opposed to writing a longform print article or a book?
I've had the luxury of being in the magazine journalism universe when it was in its heyday, and it could feel proud and good of itself. I was at the center of that world and I had a taste of it, and it was really heady, and I think that world has gone away to a large extent.
Discovering podcasts, for me, has been incredibly liberating. And not just because it's a second act, which it is, but because the medium itself is so ambitious and optimistic, and it's adventurous, and I really think it's the next, the best new home for deeply reported journalism.
The intimacy of [podcasts] is so profound, and it's built in. But also, hearing the other participants, it's like being in the room when the turtle walks down the stairs, or being with Jaymo, Cal's old friend who is a kind of makes fun of the way I look, all of this stuff that would get left on the floor when you were running through a journalistic narrative. So it feels not peripheral; it feels central to the mission of the podcast.
And in terms of the journalism, the scaffolding's there. All the really tough questions you asked me, you know Am I an advocate, am I betraying somebody, am I an objective journalist? Decide for yourself, because it's all there. My relationship, how it's negotiated, how the questions are asked, my tone of voice when I speak to Turtle Man. I'm not carrying Cal's water. I'm not going back to Turtle Man and saying ,how can you do this? I think it's all there.
ICYMI: Sean Hannity in the spotlight
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Noah Hurowitz is a metro reporter in New York City. They previously lived in Portland and covered southern Maine for newspapers in the state including The Bangor Daily News and The Forecaster.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Costa confounds critics as Portuguese economy holds course
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
HOUSTON — Carlos Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Jose Altuve got two more hits and the Houston Astros hammered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
George Springer also homered to help Dallas Keuchel coast in Houston's second straight romp by the exact same score.
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, they got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0 for 4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when they launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven.
A group of Coachella Music and Arts Festival attendees found themselves unlikely detectives over the weekend after noticing that their phones had gone missing.
Indio police say Reinaldo De Jesus Henao, 36, was caught at the Coachella Music and Arts Festival with more than 100 stolen phones in their backpack. Indio Police Department
The victims turned to the "Find My iPhone" app, which led them straight to Reinaldo De Jesus Henao, a 36 year-old man with a backpack full of more than 100 stolen cellphones, Indio police said.
With social media such a large part of Coachella's culture — the fashion, food, music, and art are Snapchat and Instagram ready — it didn't take long for several festival-goers to notice that their phones had disappeared.
"[We were] taking pictures then we went to post the photo," Laura Hunt Little told NBC affiliate KMIR. "And my phone is gone."
"People who lost their phones, or had them stolen, were tracking it," said Little. The group followed Henao throughout the festival venue until they were detained by security and eventually arrested by Indio Police.
Police searched Henao's backpack and found the stolen cellphones. They were taken to the Larry D. Smith Correctional Center and booked on suspicion of grand theft and receiving stolen property. They were released after posting $10,000 bail, according to inmate records.
Festivalgoers attend the Gobi tent during the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival at Empire Polo Club in Indio, California on on April 15, 2017. Rich Fury / Getty Images for Coachella
"That type of crime lends itself to what concerts are all about, a lot of people, close proximity, a lot of bumping," said Indio Police Sgt. Dan Marshall. "People carry their phones to have easy access to them, well if it's easy for you to access, it's easy for someone else to access."
Indio police urged people to take extra caution with their valuables in scenarios like the crowded music festival.
The department worked through the weekend to reunite the stolen phones with their owners. All remaining phones can be claimed on the Coachella Lost and Found website.
"Glad to have my phone back, so glad...ugh," said Laura Hunt Little.
As Blackberry continues to sign up A/NZ partners for its crisis communications software AtHoc (the Bank of New Zealand is the latest to come on board), Macquarie University is already seeing tangible results in how it operates and prepares to respond to crisis situations.
Last year, Blackberry's AtHoc team deployed the communication platform to the university's Sydney campus in a bid to support 40,000 students and staff.
Indeed, there's lots of activity in the crisis communications arena. Recently, Blackberry launched a crisis communications and incident response initiative in Melbourne, with Australian partner Briggs Communications.
As part of the public safety initiative, the networked communications platform will help organisations in Greater Melbourne connect with each other in the case of an incident, obtain and share factual information and help maintain business continuity.
BlackBerry AtHoc is being offered as a shared solution, establishing a critical incident communication network which can connect places of mass gatherings such as stadiums, malls and convention centres, as well as infrastructure such as hotels, hospitals, schools, universities and businesses.
Additionally, the company struck partnerships with Australian carrier, Optus Business, Mobile Mentors in New Zealand, and Briggs.
“Those partners will deliver, deploy and support BlackBerry AtHoc in the region, including innovative new technology features which automate personnel accountability and crisis communication processes,” the company said.
CIO Australia caught up with Macquarie University property security manager, John Durbridge, to discuss the implications of using the latest in crisis communications technology, and how it ultimately affects staff and students.
With the escalating number of incidents - from cyberattacks like the WannaCry ransomware, to natural disasters, and acts of violence like the Bourke Street incident in Melbourne - Australian businesses - and universities like Macquarie - are increasingly tasked with effectively responding to crisis situations.
CIO Australia reached out to Macquarie in a bid to get its story about incident response in the higher education arena, and the latest tools to help combat the escalating challenges.
How is Macquarie using AtHoc?
John Durbridge: Our university uses Blackberry AtHoc for all its mass communication needs as they present themselves during emergencies or other such critical incidents.
Being able to effectively and efficiently broadcast to many thousands of the organisation's people in a very short period of time is critical in the event of any emergency or incident occurring. An important component within the university's emergency management plan is communications, and the Blackberry solution caters very well for all of these requirements.
How are the technology helping staff and students?
JD: We currently have over 40,000 students and around 3,500 staff so Blackberry AtHoc is an essential tool for us as it enables us to broadcast simple, succinct messages that contain important information, instructions and updates to our stakeholders.
The messages are formatted either as pre-determined content or they can be produced through the “free texting” option within the system. An important feature of the system for us is the “response option” whereby any message that is sent can have responses embedded into the body, thus allowing for simple but very effective two way communication. As the central point of contact in any on-campus emergency, the university's Security Control Centre is the author of any emergency messaging.
All university staff and students are enrolled into the system upon joining the university, through various active directories, and messaging targets both email (university and personal) along with SMS notifications to ensure we reach all stakeholders quickly and efficiently.
We use the Blackberry AtHoc system on a daily basis, so that control centre operators develop a muscle memory in its messaging operations, ensuring that the operators are confident in sending a message(s) during an incident.
The reporting functions of the system allow for real time delivery/response information, and the audit trail process is one which is regularly interrogated during any de-brief of an emergency event on campus.
What are some of your biggest challenges?
JD: One of our greatest challenges is how to effectively communicate with (at times) many thousands of staff and students in a timely manner. Through the Blackberry AtHoc software, we are able to automatically maintain user information (such as email addresses, mobile phone numbers, etc).
We can target the entire campus, or just one section or building, through the way that the user information is displayed within AtHoc (my active directory listing details my building location, so a message can be targeted at that particular building rather than that particular person/user).
It allows for one format message to be delivered through a number of very different channels (such as to emails or SMS, or both in the case of Macquarie). The system provides an understanding real-time as to how many messages have been sent, how many have been delivered, and how many have been responded to (including drill down lists of those who have or have not responded).
The system can also be deployed to advise users not to attend the campus, where an emergency situation may be unfolding, and these users may be spread wide across the city at the time of receiving the message.
It also offers efficient messaging, which can also minimise much of the phone contact inwards by concerned stakeholders to the Security Control Centre in the time of an emergency
All of these items mentioned are major features of the AtHoc software. Technology in this format has replaced much/most of the older practices of emergency management from days gone by.
Has the university seen major results?
JD: Yes. As the system operates in real-time, the efficiency of our emergency messaging has improved enormously. We are able to send multiple messages, thus ensuring that our stakeholders are kept well informed about the situation, and also any instructions being issued by our emergency management response to aid in the stakeholder's safety.
The automation of the user information, including a self-service portal for users to personally update their contact information has greatly enhanced the accuracy of the information that is currently held in the system today.
What are your next steps?
JD: There are a lot of benefits in rolling out further communication delivery channels for AtHoc to use during emergency messaging, such as Facebook, desktop pop ups and audio files to large screens/monitors. As part of the (regular) current review and update of the university's Emergency Management Plan, I believe that this will be part of the recommendations, and for implementation in the near future.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Shiva Ayyadurai, who is running for U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren's seat, is suing the city of Cambridge, Mass., for ordering them to remove signs that call Warren a "fake Indian." Warren has been criticized for saying they have Cherokee ancestry. Shiva Ayyadurai/Twitter Screenshot
Hey, Hey, Hey – look whose name and phone numbers were in Playboy founder Hugh Hefner's personal contact directory they kept during the swinging 1960s.
Bill Cosby's name is sandwiched in between designer Oleg Casini and actor Tony Curtis in the hand-written log, which is going up for auction June 8.
Not only did Cosby – a frequent party goer at Playboy Mansion parties – give Hef their office number, they also gave them the digits to their home.
The telephone numbers, located in the 213 area code of Los Angeles, have since been unallocated by the phone company.
Auction house Profiles in History believes the old-fashioned metal-cased directory will fetch up to $12,000 when it goes on the block.
“Back in the day, Bill Cosby was the coolest guy in Hollywood, so you can see how Hugh Hefner was cultivating him,” auction house owner Joe Maddalena told The Post.
“Whether or not Hefner did other things to get Cosby to come to their celebrity-filled parties, that I don't know,” they said.
Other names – and numbers — in the directory include actors Warren Beatty, James Caan, porn star Linda Lovelace and journalist Geraldo Rivera.
The vintage directory is part of a collection on display of original documents at New York's Questroyal Fine Art gallery on Park Avenue.
Other items include a letter former president Harry S. Truman wrote in 1956 complaining about the Washington Press corps, and comparing journalists to prostitute, expected to fetch $150,000 at auction.
The original manuscript for Alcoholics Anonymous “Big Book” – going for up to $3 million — is also available for viewing.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18pCh
Officials warn that some of the special glasses being sold to view the Aug. 21 solar eclipse are fakes that offer little eye protection and could give users a false sense of security.
Without approved eclipse sunglasses, people and pets are at risk of blindness. Looking straight at the sun can burn the retina.
"The sunlight has harmful ultraviolet radiation, and the problem with that is if you stare directly at the sun or an eclipse it can cause permanent damage to the eye," said Dr. Omar Punjabi, board certified ophthalmologist.
In the rush to purchase eclipse glasses and to cash in on the craze, Amazon.com and other sellers are warning about counterfeit glasses and offering refunds for those misled by false advertising.
No matter the manufacturer, safe glasses will have an imprint that says "meets the ISO 12312-2 standard," explained Steve Pfriem of the ICS lab.
Regular sunglasses are not enough, Punjabi said. It doesn't matter how dark the filter, if the glasses aren't certified, they are not safe.
At ICS Laboratories in Ohio, workers test each the filters on each pair of glasses to see how much light passes through. It is a distinction invisible to the naked eye.
"We have some pop-up vendors who are looking to play fast and loose with certification claims, testing claims," Pfriem warned. "The general public doesn't really understand what that means and more often than not those claims aren't even accurate."
But while the bill awaits Gov. Bill Haslam's signature, its stated goal of halting emissions testing on cars and trucks won't happen overnight.
In fact, it could take three or more years to develop alternatives to the testing program, used to lower air pollution, and also take them to federal regulators and win approval there, according to a Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation official.
Final say-so will have to come from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, which calls the shots on federal Clean Air Act requirements and the steps needed to cut air pollution levels and ensure continued compliance with air quality standards.
“The bill ends the inspection and maintenance [emissions testing] program in Tennessee if EPA approves,” said Kim Schofinski, a spokesperson with TDEC, in an email response to Times Free Press inquiries.
They noted TDEC still continues to work on submitting another plan to EPA, based on a 2016 law passed by state lawmakers that sought to exempt new vehicles from the emissions testing.
“TDEC will broaden the scope of its current analysis regarding the impact of legislation enacted by the General Assembly previously to exempt three years or newer motor vehicles on air quality,” Schofinski said. “We anticipate that this analysis should take six months to a year. The steps to be taken after that will be determined by the results of the analysis.”
The “total process to obtain EPA approval could take three years or more depending on many variables, including the speed of federal action,” Schofinski added. “Substitute measures will need to be taken if the analysis demonstrates that the elimination of emissions testing will interfere with air quality.”
Two Hamilton County lawmakers who are leading the charge to end vehicle emissions testing said they remain confident DEC and local officials will be able to develop less intrusive alternatives to vehicle testing if that step becomes necessary.
Sen. Bo Watson, R-Hixson, and Rep. Mike Carter, R-Ooltewah, said they believe Hamilton, Davidson, Rutherford, Sumner, Williamson and Wilson counties can follow paths blazed by Shelby County to get out of its emissions testing program. Knox County avoided it entirely by restricting truck speeds in a broad area.
Still, Watson said, “I don't want to mislead the public. You know, it doesn't happen immediately. There are some contractual things that have to be worked out. I mean, 2019 would be the first time it could actually be repealed or eliminated.”
Moreover, Watson added, “full disclosure and transparency: That's contingent on TDEC working with locals working with EPA to come up with a replacement program. So that's why I've said this is a repeal and replace [bill]. We're repealing [testing], but we got to be able to replace it with something. We've understood that all along.”
Watson and Carter filed the bill this year after TDEC officials announced last summer that all of Tennessee's 95 counties are now fully compliant, or in EPA jargon in “100 percent attainment,” on federal ambient air quality requirements for ozone and particulate matter.
Hamilton, Davidson, Rutherford, Sumner, Williamson and Wilson counties all have EPA-approved vehicle emissions testing programs they have used to lower emissions as the state sought to meet federal Clean Air Act provisions mandating safer air quality.
Hamilton County officials initiated the testing program in 2005 to ensure pollution wouldn't be a problem as the community sought to develop the county's Enterprise South industrial park and lure a major manufacturer to the site. In 2007, Volkswagen located its lone U.S. auto assembly plant there.
Local officials, as well as TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau, raised concerns about the bill initially.
“I think they are to the point they understand we have to look at some other options to replace it,” Watson said. “And obviously, we're going to ask them to look at options that are the least intrusive, the least objectionable that we can find.”
They noted “we've done a great job in Hamilton County, obviously, in cleaning up our environment. And no one wants to change that.”
It's not immediately clear what impact the Tennessee Valley Authority's move to shut down three of its coal-fired power generating plants in Tennessee and Alabama since 2005 will have. The plants were major polluters.
Watson said that of all the issues he's dealt with since being elected in the early 2000s, “I would argue that I get more emails and phone calls and letters about this issue than anything. And it's usually from people saying, ‘I can't get my car to pass and I don't have $600 to fix it.'”
“Our argument is this kind of hurts people who can least afford it,” they added.
Seniors and others have complained to the Times Free Press that addressing a check-engine light issue, an automatic failure in the programs, can cost hundreds of dollars, sometimes more. And many dislike testing center lines, as well as the $9 fee.
Hamilton County Clerk Bill Knowles' office issues license tags for vehicles that the state said must pass emissions tests before a tag can buy or renewed.
On the office's website, Knowles has posted a notice in response to many inquiries he's gotten about the legislation.
“Emission testing remains in effect prior to titling or renewing a vehicle registration until repeal is approved by the United States Environment Protection Agency,” the notice said. “When approval is granted Hamilton County government will be notified. Updates will be posted as they become available.”
Knowles said in an interview their office is required under state law to ensure vehicle owners have the required proof of passing emissions testing before issuing tags.
Over the years, Knowles said, he's heard heartbreaking stories from people who “tell me they can't afford to fix their vehicle.” While sympathetic, they said, “I have nothing to do with it. It's an air pollution program.”
They said they posted the website caution to visitors who are calling to see if they still need to have their vehicles tested now.
The initiative co-sponsored by members of the Wilson County legislative delegation, state Rep. Susan Lynn, R-Mt. Juliet, and state Rep. Clark Boyd, R-Lebanon, requiring counties to take all necessary steps to end mandatory vehicle emissions testing in Tennessee passed in the House chamber last week.
The bill was approved by a 96-0 vote tally by House members and would apply to residents of Wilson County where emissions testing is still required prior to vehicle registration or renewal.
The 1990 Federal Clean Air Act required the state to develop more restrictive regulations to control air pollution from mobile sources in counties, which were not meeting the Federal Standards for air quality.
Currently, testing is done on vehicles with a model year of 1975 and newer if they are powered by a gasoline or diesel engine and weigh up to 10,500 pounds. More than 1.5 million vehicles went through emissions testing in Tennessee last year in the six counties where it is required.
“Vehicle emissions testing is a process that creates avoidable stress and financial burdens for our working families,” said Lynn. “House Bill 1782 moves Tennessee away from mandatory vehicle emissions testing which benefits our citizens and doesn't create any harmful environmental side effects.”
The idea for House Bill 1782 came following a report from the Tennessee Department of Environment & Conservation released in August that showed all 95 Tennessee counties met federal air quality health standards.
“Vehicle testing is not only time consuming but seems to disproportionally affect people who can least afford to make repairs to their cars.” said Boyd. “The people of Wilson County have been loud and clear in their support of this legislation to end emissions testing. I have heard them and am proud to be a sponsor of this legislation.”
The bill would require the state to end a state testing contract for Hamilton, Rutherford, Sumner, Williamson and Wilson counties in 2019 unless the EPA has not acted.
Davidson County has its own contract, which expires in 2021, Watson recalled.
The bill would do away with the $9 testing fee, most of which now goes to the state to pay for the five-county emissions testing contract. But in order to avoid getting slapped with an expenses analysis that might have made the bill harder to pass, it includes a provision allowing county commissions vote to keep a $4 fee on title and tag issuance. Of that, $3 would go into the county's general fund and $1 to county clerks.
Lebanon Democrat editor Jared Felkins contributed to this report.
Diversions are in place on the A68 following a serious accident between the Ravenswood roundabout and Earlston.
Police were called to the accident, half a mile north of the Ravenswood roundabout, at around 4.15pm.
A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Two vehicles were involved in the road traffic collision.
“The Scottish Ambulance Service is in attendance.”
Drivers are being warned to expect delays.
After three days of films covering topics such as the death penalty, digital espionage, stripping of natural resources and domestic violence, the San Diego Human Rights Watch Film Festival will close Sunday with two films about unsafe working conditions in China and the police shooting of an unarmed black man in Wisconsin.
“Complicit” follows a Chinese factory worker teaching themselves labor law to prepare a legal challenge against their former employer for their work-induced leukemia. The film implicates some of the world's largest brands, including Samsung and Apple.
“The Blood is at The Doorstep” is a documentary from San Diego State University graduate, Erik Ljung, about the unarmed police shooting of a man named Duarte Hamilton. Hamilton, diagnosed with schizophrenia, was shot 14 times by a Milwaukee police officer in 2014.
“He was approached by a police officer and the situation escalated until, although they were unarmed they were shot and killed,” Jennifer Nebalsky, associate director for audience engagement for the Human Rights Watch Film Festival, told NBC 7. “The documentary is about the family's quest for justice and is an interesting look into and questions as to how our country trains all professionals with how to deal with mentally ill citizens, but especially the police who are brought into very stressful situations and have to make split-second decisions.”
Internationally, there are Human Rights Watch festivals in Amsterdam, Beirut, London and Toronto, and in the U.S. there are festivals in LA, New York and San Diego. The first festival started in New York more than 25 years ago.
“We find that film is a really powerful way for people to learn about some of the situations that we're monitoring and reporting on around the world,” Neblansky said. “By bringing the films and discussions to communities across the country and around the world we are hoping to sort of bring people into the human rights movement by hearing from the activists, the film subjects in the film.”
Neblanksy said they want to have the tough conversations, “so we can make progress and make change.”
Although many of the films being shown are international, documentaries like “Silas,” which is about the government-approved pillaging of natural resources, are relatable for Americans.
“A lot of the issues that we're dealing with and we're seeing around the world are also hitting close to home these days with discussion of public lands being sold and national parks being given away for companies to use,” Neblansky said.
The films are chosen by a screening committee of Human Rights Watch employees and Museum of Photographic Arts staff (where the festival takes place). The films are vetted for accuracy and preferred if they have a local connection.
Human Rights Watch teams seek out films from festivals around the world, and they maintain contact with filmmakers they know and often track the progress of projects they're working on for years. “Sometimes they just reply to our emails with ‘nope, still working on it,'” Neblansky laughed.
Although the news can be overwhelming, Neblasnky said this is a time when we need to be having difficult conversations.
“When we can have a shared experience of watching a film together and then meeting the filmmaker or film subject, it really allows you to transcend that place where you just feel stuck and confused and concerned and don't know what to do to a place where you can actually go out and taken action and be part of something,” they said.
The Human Rights Watch Film Festival continues through Sunday at the Museum of Photographic Arts in Balboa Park.
Pharma jackass wants to buy the internet's 'cesspool' The notorious message board 4chan — once dubbed the “cesspool” of the internet — is in financial trouble, according to its owner. In a post on Sunday titled “Winter is...
Philadelphia colleges increase security after threat of copycat attack Philadelphia universities beefed up security Monday after someone threatened a copycat attack replicating last week's massacre at an Oregon college. The threat was posted on Friday on the message board...
What is 4chan and where did it come from? SAN FRANCISCO — Clicking on the website 4chan's “random” or “/b/” subsection will take you to a place very far from the polished vacation photos on Instagram and the adorable...
4chan killer surrenders after posting murder pics: cops PORTLAND, Ore. — A 33-year-old man accused of murder in the slaying of their girlfriend in Washington state, posting photos of their body online, and writing that they wanted...
Whether you're into snow sports or water sports, biking or hiking, or hunting or fishing, Chadd Cripe's blog is your source for all things fun to do outdoors in the Treasure Valley and beyond.
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. (WRIC) — A Chesterfield family recently opened their door to find a scene from a horror film. There was blood covering the walls and floors of their home.
The family said there have been several break-ins recently in the Ashbrooke neighborhood where they live. The family came home Thursday night to find they too had been the victim of a break in. They say thanks to a family pet, the would-be robber got away with nothing. In fact, they were lucky to get away with their life.
“We didn't see anything wrong anything at the front door,” said Tristan Murrin, the person who was first to find the gruesome scene.
But once they were greeted by their family dog, they knew something was very wrong.
“We noticed something when we walked in, when I walked in with my mother and there is blood spots on the ground, we looked upstairs and you see trails of blood coming from upstairs going all the way down,” said Murrin.
The entire upstairs covered in blood. Someone had broken in not knowing the family's guard dog was inside, that intruder quickly realized they picked the wrong home.
“My dog, he's a pretty big dog, it's a larger German shepherd,” said Murrin.
Murrin says their dog has never been aggressive before, in fact, home videos show the same dog laying down and playing with a young child.
“He plays with the kids, the cul-de-sac knows him. They know them as big dog, the community loves him, the kids come up to them and want to touch them and play with him,” said Murrin.
Murrin says nothing was stolen, and that they are thankful their dog was not hurt, but also happy that the dog stood their ground.
“I think the dog did its job. They knew that someone was not supposed to be in my house and no one was home and they know that they aren't supposed to be in there and they were doing something that they aren't supposed to be doing and so they knew to act upon it,” said Murrin.
The family suspects the intruder needed serious medical attention due to the loss of blood that was seen in the home. They are hoping by sharing their story the person will be caught.
Right and left, we are disgracing ourselves. The alleged Putin-Trump connections cut to the heart of our republic. Even the faintest possibility that a hostile power infiltrated a presidential campaign and, consequently, an administration, demands a sober, thorough investigation that puts our national interest above party politics.
All Americans should demand the truth about this matter. It's about the integrity of the foundation of our system of government, free national elections.
Instead, we have Democrats out to “get” Trump and Republicans, like Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), who shut their eyes and cover their ears against any disturbing evidence.
After mocking Mitt Romney's warning about Russia, Democrats abruptly discovered that Vladimir Putin isn't FDR reincarnated. Meanwhile, Republicans who built careers on noisy patriotism have decided Putin ain't so bad.
What have we come to?
The evidence publicly available regarding the charges of Trump campaign collusion with Russia, or simply of Russian influence, remains circumstantial. At the same time, the amount of that circumstantial evidence is unprecedented. The number of figures affiliated with the Trump campaign known or suspected to have had frequent contact with Russians associated with the Putin regime does not fall under “business as usual” or “everybody does it.”
There may be legitimate, or at least legal, explanations for every connection, but to dismiss this issue with snide remarks about Russian dressing on a dinner salad (as Press Secretary Sean Spicer did Tuesday) veers too close to propaganda for me.
The allegations against campaign operatives matter. This is about how we, the people, will be governed.
When Democrats view investigations merely as payback for the Benghazi scandal, their behavior's un-American. But when Republicans corrupt and subvert investigations because a president's “their guy,” that's un-American, too.
Remember who we're dealing with. Putin hates our country. He's brilliant, forever underestimated by Westerners and utterly unscrupulous. They murder political opponents. Their military wantonly slaughters civilians. They invaded their neighbors and occupied their territory.
He's allied with Iran and supports the Taliban in Afghanistan. They destroyed Russia's nascent democracy. He's poisoned and paid off political movements in Europe so extensively that some leading politicians, such as France's far-right firebrand Marine Le Pen, openly embrace Russian support.
Putin's the enemy of all that our leaders, right and left, profess to believe in as our ideals. If President Trump's convinced that the charges against their associates are untrue, they should be in the forefront of those demanding a thorough investigation.
And no, leaks aren't the fundamental problem. They're a result. As a former intelligence officer, I despise “government by leaks.” I'd put leakers of classified data in jail.
But I also recognize that, without misdeeds, there's nothing to leak. And Republicans were delighted with leaks that undercut the Obama administration.
As our Russian “friends” would put it: “Shto Dyelat?” What's to be done?
Congress must stop attempting to influence or prematurely reveal FBI investigations. It's unfashionable, but I have great faith in the bureau's field agents and their leadership. The FBI is methodical and slow, but that's why it's so effective. FBI personnel are superb at counter-espionage work. Let them do their jobs.
The House of Representatives has irreparably compromised its ability to conduct a credible investigation. An independent, nonpartisan investigative committee is required.
As an indication that all Americans stand together against foreign subversion, Congress should toughen economic sanctions on Russia immediately.
Trump should release their unedited tax returns for the past 10 years. And they need to call out Putin, instead of bullying allies.
We need to know the truth, whatever it may be.
If Putin penetrated a presidential campaign and left an administration beholden to him, it would be the most impressive espionage-and-subversion success since Joshua slipped their spies in and out of Jericho.
That didn't end well for Jericho.
Ralph Peters is Fox News' strategic analyst.
D-backs ace Greinke won't start opener, gets time to recover
hello
Chicago White Sox's Adam Engel follows through on a two-RBI base hit against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the second inning of a spring training baseball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Scottsdale, Ariz. Associated Press
Philadelphia Phillies' Andrew Knapp, right, celebrates with Rhys Hoskins after scoring on an RBI double by Nick Williams off Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Chris Sale during the third inning of a spring training baseball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Fort Myers, Fla. Associated Press
Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Chris Sale, right, delivers to the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning of a spring training baseball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Fort Myers, Fla. Associated Press
Diamondbacks ace Zack Greinke will start this season in the dugout.
Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said Monday that Greinke won't pitch on opening day because of what's perceived to be a minor health issue.
Greinke exited their latest start after one inning because of tightness in their groin. He's scheduled to pitch again in spring training Wednesday.
The Diamondbacks don't want to push them to be ready for their first game March 29 at home against Colorado. Without this wrinkle, Lovullo said Greinke would've started the opener for the third straight year.
"Every staff has a No. 1 and they fit the bill perfectly," Lovullo said. "He won 17 games last year. They were our staff ace."
Lovullo said they aren't ready to say who would start against the Rockies. The likely candidate is Robbie Ray, who went 15-5 with a 2.89 ERA last year.
"There's a strategy," Lovullo said. "We don't just look at opening day. We look at opening day and then beyond, so probably five or six days beyond that day. And we want to make sure that we hit things just right to get it to the point where we have good matchups all the way through."
ELSEWHERE AROUND THE GRAPEFRUIT AND CACTUS LEAGUES
RED SOX 6, PHILLIES 5
Boston ace Chris Sale gave up four runs on five hits and three walks in five innings. They also struck out six. Mookie Betts hit two doubles and Xavier Bogaerts homered for the Red Sox. Aaron Altherr homered for Philadelphia.
MARLINS 9, NATIONALS 1
Washington ace Max Scherzer was tagged for three homers and six runs in six innings. Adam Eaton and Anthony Rendon each had two hits for the Nationals. Miami starter Trevor Richards worked four innings and allowed one run.
ASTROS 2, METS 0
Justin Verlander pitched seven shutout innings and Carlos Correa homered for Houston. Steven Matz struck out nine in six innings for New York.
ORIOLES 4, TIGERS 2
Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed one run in five innings. Detroit starter Michael Fulmer struck out five in five innings and gave up two runs. Dixon Machado doubled twice for the Tigers.
PIRATES 11, TWINS 8
Miguel Sano, who had three hits, and Brian Dozier homered for Minnesota. Josh Bell, Jose Osuna and Christopher Bostick connected for Pittsburgh.
BRAVES 6, BLUE JAYS 0
Julio Teheran pitched 6 2/3 shutout innings, striking out five and allowing four hits. The Atlanta ace has an 0.87 ERA this spring. Toronto starter Aaron Sanchez allowed two hits over 6 1/3 innings.
INDIANS 5, GIANTS 4
Yonder Alonso hit two home runs off San Francisco starter Johnny Cueto. Alonso had three hits and drove in four runs. Cueto allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings. University of Virginia alum Jarrett Parker, dogged by retriever jokes from their teammates after their Cavaliers were ousted from the NCAA tournament by the University of Maryland-Baltimore County Retrievers, hit their third spring training home run in their bid to make the 25-man roster.
The Indians released outfielder Melvin Upton Jr., who hit .189 in 18 spring games. The 33-year-old spent last year in the minors, seeing limited action for the Giants' Triple-A team while slowed by injuries.
WHITE SOX 15, DIAMONDBACKS 2
Matt Davidson, who homered, and Adam Engel each had three hits for Chicago and leadoff man Yoan Moncada got two hits and drove in three runs. Carson Fulmer pitched four hitless innings for the White Sox. Arizona relievers Neftali Feliz and Kris Medlen both got roughed up.
The gun seized after a man struggled with police on Staten Island.
A police officer who pulled over a man on Staten Island was bitten in the face and whacked over the head with their NYPD radio, police say.
The NYPD confirmed reports by SILive that officers pulled over a man driving on Park Hill Avenue just before 1 a.m. Sunday for having too much tint on the windows of their Nissan Altima.
Smelling marijuana, the officers patted Joshua Lumsden, 23, down and felt a hangun in their waistband. Police claim Lumsden then pushed one of them to the ground and ran away.
One of the officers chased them and caught up, and then a struggle broke out. Police say it was at this point Lumsden hit the NYPD officer in the head with their own radio and bit them in the face.
The officer was then able to arrest Lumsden, but had multiple facial injuries and a cut above their left eye. They were taken to the Richmond University Medical Center.
The officers were praised by the NYPD 120th Precinct for getting a gun off the streets.
Lumsden faces charged including assault, criminal possession of a weapon, resisting arrest, menacing, unlawful possession of marijuana and harassment.
Oprah is a real life wonder woman, so it's no surprise that they got giddy off of the movie (like many other women). Seeing a strong, female, protagonist is important for children and adults alike. Oprah was so excited about the movie and threw a party at their home, for twenty-eight 10 year olds and their parents.
Party ovah here! #wonderwoman A post shared by Oprah (@oprah) on Jun 13, 2017 at 9:50am PDT
They posted a video on Instagram, crowning Wonder Woman cake from Charm City Cakes.
#wonderwoman party planning. A post shared by Oprah (@oprah) on Jun 13, 2017 at 11:29am PDT
They shared their pre-party planning and everything is wonder woman. Oprah had wonder woman popcorn buckets and cups for the guests.
#wonderwoman party planning. A post shared by Oprah (@oprah) on Jun 13, 2017 at 11:29am PDT
They also had havaianas with Wonder Woman on the soles. So cute and we want a pair!
#wonderwoman party planning. A post shared by Oprah (@oprah) on Jun 13, 2017 at 11:29am PDT
Of course the food is going to be yummy. Oprah had chef's prepare hamburgers and hotdogs for the kids and adults had a butter lettuce salad with blue cheese amongst other delicious food.
The only one not as enthused about the party was Oprah's dog, Sadie, whom they dressed in a matching head piece.
This whole she-bang (pun intended) looked like a grand ole time!
DON'T MISS:
Oprah Winfrey Sets The Record Straight, Says She'll Never Run For President
Oprah Says ‘Underground' Is Too Expensive For OWN To Pick Up
Jamie Foxx Reveals Oprah Winfrey Saved Him From Alcoholism
“xXx: Return of Xander Cage” director DJ Caruso is planning to shoot a Bollywood style dance number with Deepika Padukone for the upcoming instalment of the franchise.
The director had confirmed last year that Deepika will return in the next instalment of the “xXx” franchise, alongside Hollywood action star Vin Diesel.
“I want to end ‘xXx 4' with a Bollywood dance song. Led of course by @deepikapadukone. Lungi Dance? Something new?” Caruso tweeted.
One of the fans of the 32-year-old Indian star, who made their Hollywood debut with “xXx: Return of Xander Cage”, asked the director if the song will be part of the end credits and they replied with a “yes”.
The upcoming film will mark Deepika's second Hollywood project.
As a boomer parent, I've noticed that some of the current conversation between other boomer parents and their millennial kids centers on what the parents perceive as the younger generation's impenitent sense of entitlement and a lack of drive and motivation. Well perhaps, in addition, we find them a bit short on ambition, bewildered about a life direction, infected with an obsession for social media and generally lacking perspective.
What is your problem millennials? We have given you everything!
How we raised our millennial kids
Growing up we never got the attention you received. Our parents made us responsible to go figure it out. That caused us continual struggle and disappointment. We rescued you from all of that!
Kids, we are sorry. We thought we had your best interest at heart, but in reality, we were making you look good to make us look good.
We mapped out your childhood with endless activities, sports and entertainment. When you were toddlers, we decided what hobbies and sports you would participate in. We were intentional enough to select activities that fit our own passions so we could help you gain proficiency and enjoy the journey while you learned and we participated.
Nothing was too great of a need when it came to your success. Our lofty expectations only matched the potential we saw in you, even if you didn't see it yourself.
Perhaps, however, it is time for boomer parents to take a good hard look at what we did:
We decided to give our kids everything we didn't have, and rejected teaching them some of the hard lessons we did have.
We insisted our kids succeed and make us proud according to our expectations, no matter how much tough-love parenting we overlooked to ensure that raising them was fun.
We behaved like drone parents, seeking out and removing obstacles and adversity to their success. Like growing a palm tree indoors, we protected them from the wind, fertilized them and kept the storms away.
Now we push them outside and expect them to handle the gales of real life.
So what can we do this late in the game?
First, let's take responsibility so the millennials recognize we caused a problem.
An apology to millennials
So here we go. Speaking for my generation of boomer parents…
“Kids, we are sorry. We thought we had your best interest at heart, but in reality, we were making you look good to make us look good. We wanted a best friend and failed to realize that parenting was more valuable to you than our friendship. We let our love for you hijack our parenting skills. We prevented you from experiencing the natural consequences of your own actions. We were afraid to risk your affection when we should have equipped you with the life tools that only come from allowing you to struggle, persist and recover on your own. We felt obligated to explain every time we said ‘No!' We handed you an allowance when you didn't do anything for it. We gave you too much and anesthetized your drive. But most egregious, we prevented you from exploring and honing your passions. We put blinders on you to keep your head looking in the direction we carefully mapped and now you are without expression. We are most sincerely sorry and ask you to recognize, accept, and forgive our failure.”
A promise to millennials
Next, here is our promise to you going forward:
We boomer parents will encourage you in whatever endeavor you attempt, whether it is a success or a failure.
We will only give advice when you ask.
We will share with you and your children the struggles and setbacks we experienced when we were kids because recognizing and discussing our failures can teach more than boasting about our successes.
We will withdraw our financial support (perhaps over time), and allow you to feel the struggles, the independence and finally pride that results from victory over adversity.
We will begin to accept the reality that we boomer parents are only going to be on this planet a short time longer and our lasting legacy will only be the tools and traditions we leave with you, our millennial children.
Sorry we got a late start at being your parents…but we have never stopped loving you. We were intentionally spoiling you, unintentionally.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Congolese in the capital city are increasingly turning to street hawkers to feed themselves and their families.
This is as food crisis bites hard in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
From civil servants and students, to construction workers and parents with their children, hungry Kinshasa residents depend on so-called Malewas, or street food sellers, whose numbers have grown as the economy has worsened.
DR Congo has been mired in political and economic unrest for years.
The post Street food booms as economic crisis grows in DRC appeared first on TVCNews: Latest African breaking news, politics, business and sports.
To tip or not to tip, that is the question. And, if you've got some port stays upcoming you're not certain about, our handy guide will see you straight
One of the joys of cruising is being able to wake up in a new destination every day. But with different countries comes different customs, including the bane of any tourist's life: whether to tip or not.
Just a third of Brits leave a tip whilst abroad and more than half confess to being confused by local tipping customs, according to research conducted by foreign currency provider, Travel Money Club.
Tipping whilst abroad can be a minefield, no matter what your personal opinions on rewarding stellar service, too low or too high can get you into hot water. An act of generosity can even turn sour if done in the wrong manner whilst aboard.
Don Clark, founder of Travel Money Club, said: “It is often unclear whether you should tip or not whilst abroad, it is an unspoken rule and part of local customs and etiquette, so no one actually tells you what is acceptable in each country.
“Tipping too much or in a situation where it is not expected or necessary can also mean you end up spending more than anticipated on holiday.”
Different rules apply in different countries, and it's not just the amount but the manner in which you give the reward.
Here is a guide to what you should tip and where, so you have one less thing to think about when travelling aboard.
USA – 20% tip
Famous for its tipping culture, when travelling to the United States a substantial tip is expected and there will be trouble if you don't.
Restaurant waiting staff, housekeepers, taxis and tour guides will expect a 10-20% tip in addition to the normal price.
Make sure to account for this when accepting a taxi journey, drink or meal out.
Spain – 5% tip
As one of the most popular travel destinations for Brits, you'll be pleased to know that Spain doesn't have a strong tipping culture, however, tips are accepted, and it is becoming more commonplace.
A small gesture of €1 to €5 would be kindly received by waiting staff and tour guides.
France – 10-15% tip
Service compris, or service charge, is included by law in France so tipping is not always expected.
Where it isn't included, a tip of 10-15% is adequate for restaurant staff and a smaller tip of €1 to €5 is ok when taking a taxi or paying for drinks.
As a general rule, taxi drivers would expect in the region of 10% of the fare.
Japan – 0% tip
Tipping in Japan is frowned upon, in fact it can be insulting, even if you feel that the level of service deserves a bonus the staff will rarely accept it. Good service is considered part of the job so rewarding it can cause offence.
However, there is an exception, as tour guides often rely on tips to contribute to their wage. It is often best to discuss this discretely with the tour guide to establish a preference.
China – 20% tip
In China, tipping is very much expected. The rise of domestic tourism and the affluent middle class means that tour guides and drivers and other tourist staff have come to expect to be generously tipped.
Germany – 10% tip
Customs differ in Germany; the tip should be given directly to the member of staff and not left behind.
A service charge is not included in the final restaurant bill so it is up to you to reward good service – typically 10% of the final bill.
India – 10-15% tip
Tipping in India is very much part of the culture and everyone expects to be tipped.
For the western traveller there is a dizzying number of people needing to be tipped, and a set hierarchy of tipping amounts which can be overwhelming, even though the actual amounts are very small.
If you're travelling with a local guide it may be helpful to discuss it with them and agree how to approach rewarding each person.
Australia/ New Zealand – 5% tip
Tipping down under is discretionary, there are no rules and it is not expected as waiting staff get paid a relatively higher wage than those in other countries.
Rounding up the bill at the bar or in a taxi is common and will be a popular and polite gesture.
The moment when you forget who you are….
POTUS aka Donnie forgets to put their hand on their chest during the National Anthem at the 139th annual Easter egg roll at the White House this past Sunday.
The funny part is when their wife Melania gives them a nudge to remind them and then hits them with a mean side eye.
Watch the nudge and enjoy!
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Las Vegas native Nick Kingham was impressive in their big league debut Sunday for the Pittsburgh Pirates. The rookie pitcher was perfect through 6 2/3 innings before giving up a single in the Pirates' 5-0 win.
Kingham, who graduated from Sierra Vista High School, struck out nine and walked none.
It has been a long road for Kingham, the Pirates' fourth-round draft pick in 2010, according to mlb.com. They underwent Tommy John surgery in 2015, and didn't return to the mound until July 2016.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
KENAI, Alaska (AP) – An Alaska borough will consider scrapping invocations before meetings as a case challenging the policy moves through court.
The Peninsula Clarion reports (http://bit.ly/2lCPbEb) the third such ordinance in a year is expected to be introduced in the Kenai Peninsula Borough Assembly on Tuesday.
Policy currently allows invocations from members of religious organizations that have established local presences and regular meetings.
Chaplains serving organizations like fire departments and hospitals can also give invocations.
Assembly member Willy Dunne is sponsoring the ordinance to nix the invocation altogether.
They said eliminating the practice will reduce divisiveness in the community.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Alaska is challenging the current policy in federal court on behalf of two residents who say the rules are discriminatory.
CALGARY, AB--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - Kelt Exploration Ltd. ("Kelt" or the "Company") (TSX: KEL) has subscribed to TransCanada Corporation's Dawn Long Term Fixed Price (LTFP) service and in addition, has entered into various natural gas sales contracts in order to provide the Company with exposure to diversified gas price hubs and reduce exposure to a single market.
Effective November 1, 2017, Kelt's gas market sales portfolio will consist of the following contracts:
Market Term (Sales) Volume (MMBtu/d) Percent @ Nov/1/17 Market Price Nov/1/17 – Oct/31/27 23,695 31% DAWN USD Daily Index Nov/1/17 – Oct/31/20 15,000 20% MALIN USD NGI FOM Index less US$0.70/MMBtu Nov/1/17 – Oct/31/20 11,990 16% SUMAS USD Monthly Index less US$0.679/MMBtu Nov/1/17 – Oct/31/18 3,000 4% SUMAS USD Monthly Index less US$0.76/MMBtu Nov/1/17 – Oct/31/18 * 10,330 14% CHICAGO City Gate USD Gas Daily Index Nov/1/17 – Oct/31/18 11,305 15% AECO CAD Daily (5A) Index TOTAL (effective Nov/1/17) 75,320 100% * The Company also has access to priority interruptible transportation service ("PITS") equating to 25% (2,580 MMBtu/d) of its firm service volume on the Alliance pipeline system under which Kelt can increase the amount of gas sales from its British Columbia properties into the Chicago market.
During 2017, Kelt expects that its oil and NGLs production will contribute approximately 76% of its aggregate operating income and gas production will contribute the remaining 24%.
Due to the recent volatility in AECO gas prices, Kelt has elected to temporarily shut-in approximately 21.4 MMcf/d of dry gas production (3,770 BOE/d including associated NGLs) at its Grande Cache and West Pouce Coupe properties in Alberta. AECO CAD Daily (5A) Index prices have averaged $1.55/GJ, $1.65/GJ and $0.93/GJ during the months of July, August and September 2017, respectively. The Company has elected to shut-in production at its dry gas properties due to the weakness in the current AECO price primarily caused by transportation bottlenecks on the entire Western Canadian pipeline transportation system. Kelt expects to keep this production shut-in until AECO prices improve or until November 1, 2017, at which time the Company can direct its gas to non-AECO priced contracts in its gas market sales portfolio. The impact to 2017 guidance based on previously forecasted commodity prices during a 30-day shut-in period with respect to these production volumes would reduce Kelt's 2017 average production guidance of 22,500 BOE per day by 310 BOE per day (1.4%) and previously forecasted 2017 funds from operations of $124.0 million would be reduced by approximately $750,000 (0.6%).
In addition, the Company currently has approximately 4.8 MMcf/d of gas production (1,000 BOE/d including associated NGLs) behind pipe in British Columbia awaiting new compression. In light of the current low gas price environment, the Company has delayed adding compression in order to bring the behind pipe production on-stream and expects to time the production additions with its new gas price contracts starting in November 2017.
FLOW-THROUGH EQUITY FINANCING
Kelt has determined to issue, by way of a non-brokered private placement, 1.4 million common shares on a "flow-through" basis in respect of Canadian Development Expenses ("CDE") at a price of $7.75 per share resulting in gross proceeds of $11.0 million (the "Private Placement"). Along with certain other subscribers, directors, officers and employees of the Company have subscribed to purchase approximately 8.3% of the Private Placement.
Kelt shall, pursuant to the provisions in the Income Tax Act (Canada), incur eligible CDE (the "Qualifying Expenditures"), after the closing date and prior to December 31, 2017 in the aggregate amount of not less than the total amount of the gross proceeds raised from the Private Placement. Kelt shall renounce the Qualifying Expenditures so incurred to the purchasers of the flow-through common shares with an effective date on or prior to December 31, 2017. The Private Placement is subject to certain conditions including normal regulatory approvals and specifically, the approval of the Toronto Stock Exchange. The common shares issued in connection with the Private Placement will be subject to a statutory hold period of four months plus one day from the date of completion of the Private Placement, in accordance with applicable securities legislation.
Closing for approximately 89% of the Private Placement is expected to occur on or about October 11, 2017. The remaining 11% of the Private Placement is expected to close on or around October 27, 2017.
This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy the common shares in the United States. The common shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of such Act.
OPERATIONS UPDATE
Proceeds from the Private Placement will be used to increase the Company's budgeted drilling and completion expenditures during the remainder of 2017. Kelt expects to increase its 2017 capital expenditure budget with the drilling of five wells on its second pad at Pouce Coupe, Alberta, targeting Montney Oil, where wells from the first multi-well pad at Pouce Coupe paid out in under a year during 2017 (in the current commodity price environment). These five new wells are expected to be completed in January 2018 and will be put on production thereafter into the Company's expanded compression and pipeline infrastructure recently installed at Pouce Coupe.
At Inga, British Columbia, Kelt believes it has fully delineated the Upper Montney on its lands and expects to drill and complete five development wells off a pad. This operation is expected to commence in 2017 and is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2018. The Company expects to drill its fifth Middle Montney well at Inga in the fourth quarter of 2017 as it continues to delineate the Middle Montney with encouraging results from the first four wells. Kelt has drilled its first Upper Middle (IBZ) well at Inga and expects to complete and test this well by the middle of November 2017.
At Wembley/Pipestone, Alberta, Kelt is targeting the Montney formation in the volatile oil window where the reservoir is expected to be over-pressured. The Company has completed its first exploration well located at 00/04-01-072-08W6. The well was completed using the ball drop hydraulic fracturing method. The horizontal lateral of the well was approximately 2,900 metres and the well was completed using slick-water comprising 50 fracture stages. The well cost approximately $5.7 million to drill and complete. After flowing the well back on a 12 day clean-up, the well, over the last five days of the test, produced average sales volumes of approximately 1,567 BOE per day (64% oil, 20% NGLs and 16% gas). The high NGLs (35% are condensate/pentane) are a result of the high heat value of the gas and the ensuing deep-cut recoveries at the Wembley Gas Plant where Kelt has an ownership interest. The well has now been tied in to the Wembley Gas Plant, however, due to a compressor failure at the plant, the well is not expected to be put on production until mid-November 2017. Given the encouraging results from its first exploration well, the Company expects to follow-up with at least three more wells on its large Wembley/Pipestone land block prior to the end of 2018.
Kelt expects to release its 2017 third quarter results on or about November 9, 2017. At that time, the Company expects to provide shareholders with 2018 guidance including forecasted capital expenditures, production and funds from operations.
ADVISORY REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This press release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. The use of any of the words "expect", "anticipate", "continue", "estimate", "objective", "ongoing", "may", "will", "project", "should", "believe", "plans", "intends" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking information or statements. In particular, this press release contains forward-looking statements pertaining to the following: the composition of Kelt's gas marketing contract sales portfolio effective November 1, 2017; the expected duration of the temporary shut-in by Kelt of certain dry gas properties; the Company's plans to incur and renounce Qualifying Expenditures and the expected closing and closing dates of the Private Placement; the various expected drilling and completion operations to be carried out in 2017 and 2018; and the timing of the release of Kelt's third quarter results and 2018 guidance. Statements relating to "reserves" or "resources" are deemed to be forward looking statements, as they involve the implied assessment, based on certain estimates and assumptions, that the reserves described exist in the quantities predicted or estimated and that the reserves can be profitably produced in the future. Actual reserves may be greater than or less than the estimates provided herein. Test results and initial production rates disclosed herein may not necessarily be indicative of long-term performance or of ultimate hydrocarbon recovery.
Although Kelt believes that the expectations and assumptions on which the forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements because Kelt cannot give any assurance that they will prove to be correct. Since forward-looking statements address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks. These include, but are not limited to, the risks associated with the oil and gas industry in general (e.g., operational risks in development, exploration and production; delays or changes in plans with respect to exploration or development projects or capital expenditures; the uncertainty of reserve estimates; the uncertainty of estimates and projections relating to production, costs and expenses; failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for planned operations; health, safety and environmental risks; uncertainties resulting from potential delays or changes in plans with respect to exploration or development projects or capital expenditures; volatility of commodity prices, currency exchange rate fluctuations; imprecision of reserve estimates; and competition from other explorers) as well as general economic conditions, stock market volatility; and the ability to access sufficient capital. We caution that the foregoing list of risks and uncertainties is not exhaustive.
In addition, the reader is cautioned that historical results are not necessarily indicative of future performance. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of the date hereof and the Company does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise unless expressly required by applicable securities laws.
NON-GAAP MEASURES
This press release contains certain financial measures, as described below, which do not have standardized meanings prescribed by GAAP. As these measures are commonly used in the oil and gas industry, the Company believes that their inclusion is useful to investors. The reader is cautioned that these amounts may not be directly comparable to measures for other companies where similar terminology is used.
"Operating income" is calculated by deducting royalties, production expenses and transportation expenses from oil and gas revenue, after realized gains or losses on associated financial instruments. The Company refers to operating income expressed per unit of production as an "Operating netback". "Funds from operations" is calculated by adding back transaction costs associated with acquisitions and dispositions, provisions for potential credit losses, settlement of decommissioning obligations and the change in non-cash operating working capital to cash provided by operating activities. Funds from operations and operating income or netbacks are used by Kelt as key measures of performance and are not intended to represent operating profits nor should they be viewed as an alternative to cash provided by operating activities, profit or other measures of financial performance calculated in accordance with GAAP.
MEASUREMENTS
All dollar amounts are referenced in thousands of Canadian dollars, except when noted otherwise. This press release contains various references to the abbreviation BOE which means barrels of oil equivalent. Where amounts are expressed on a BOE basis, natural gas volumes have been converted to oil equivalence at six thousand cubic feet per barrel and sulphur volumes have been converted to oil equivalence at 0.6 long tons per barrel. The term BOE may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. A BOE conversion ratio of six thousand cubic feet per barrel is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent a value equivalency at the wellhead and is significantly different than the value ratio based on the current price of crude oil and natural gas. This conversion factor is an industry accepted norm and is not based on either energy content or current prices. References to oil in this press release include crude oil and field condensate. References to natural gas liquids ("NGLs") include pentane, butane, propane, and ethane. References to gas in this press release include natural gas and sulphur. Such abbreviation may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation.
ABBREVIATIONS
Democrat Doug Jones holds a 10-point lead over Republican Roy Moore among likely voters in deep red Alabama.
Greater party loyalty plus higher interest in the election among Democrats combined with more enthusiasm among Jones supporters gives them the advantage in the race to fill the U.S. senate seat previously held by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
That's according to a Fox News Poll of Alabama voters conducted Thursday through Sunday using traditional polling techniques, including a list-based probability sample with both landlines and cellphones.
Jones receives 50 percent to Moore's 40 percent, with 1-in-10 undecided (8 percent) or supporting another candidate (2 percent) — which could make a difference Tuesday. That's even truer with such an unconventional election with unconventional candidates.
This race's uniqueness is significant. It is impossible to know who will show up to vote in a special election to fill a seat in the middle of a term in an off-year. And it's December, a time when people expect to be going to the shopping mall, not the voting booth.
On top of that, accusations of sexual misconduct against Moore emerged November 9. That's just a month before the December 12 election. Since then, they have repeatedly denied the allegations, and after the GOP initially pulled its support, the party ultimately backed Moore.
By a 6-point margin, Alabama voters believe the allegations against Moore are true (39-33 percent). They were more evenly divided last month, believing the accusations by just 1 point (38-37 percent). About one quarter, 27 percent, feel it is too soon to say or have no opinion.
Among Republicans, 13 percent believe the accusations are true, 60 percent say they aren't, and 26 percent are unsure. In November, it was 13-62 percent (26 percent unsure).
President Donald Trump, who won the state by 28 points in 2016, held off endorsing Moore until December 4 — about a week before Election Day. Yet Alabama's senior senator, Republican Richard Shelby, announced Sunday they didn't vote for Moore and instead cast a write-in vote.
Jones's 10-point edge is outside the poll's three percentage-point margin of sampling error. Last month, Jones was ahead by 8 points among likely voters and by 9 among the larger group of registered voters (November 13-15, 2017). In the new poll he's up by 6 among registered voters.
Among just the 46 percent of Alabama voters who are “extremely” interested in the race, the Democrat's lead widens to 53-40 percent.
Jones's lead comes mostly from nonwhites, younger voters, and women. He's the choice of nonwhites by 76 points (83-7 percent), by 31 points among voters under age 45 (59-28), and by 20 among women (54-34). That jumps to 46 points among women under age 45 (67-21 percent).
More Democrats (50 percent) than Republicans (45 percent) are “extremely” interested in the election. And more Democrats plan to vote for Jones (90 percent) than Republicans plan to vote for Moore (81 percent).
The small subgroup of independents breaks for Jones by 29 points.
Moore is preferred among whites by 20 points (55-35 percent) and whites without a college degree by 33 points (61-28 percent).
Support for Moore among white evangelical Christians is down 8 points since last month: it was 73 percent in November and stands at 65 percent now.
And their advantage among men has dropped from 12 points last month to just 3 points now. In addition, Republican men (41 percent) are less likely than GOP women (50 percent) or Democratic men (53 percent) to be “extremely” interested in the race.
“Moore might prevail if only the people who typically vote in Alabama elections turn out Tuesday, which is often what happens in special elections,” says Democratic pollster Chris Anderson, who conducts the Fox News Poll with Republican counterpart Daron Shaw.
“But this appears to be a special, special election with blacks and young voters animated by a caustic Republican candidate and the chance of winning a statewide election with national implications, and at the same time some Republicans and many moderates are turned off by Moore, too.”
A subtle but potentially noteworthy finding is Alabama voters who were interviewed on cellphones are +30 for Jones, while the race is roughly even among all others. The fact that traditional, high-quality probability samples, like the Fox News Poll, include both landline and cellphone numbers may be why these polls show Jones doing relatively well compared to automated or blended polls.
“It's clear Jones is positioned to pull off the upset because their supporters are unified and energized, and Moore's are conflicted and diffident,” says Shaw.
“But Jones is depending on many voters who show up only occasionally to cast their ballots. If their rate of follow-through drops from what we expect, the race could turn. The other factor is the race seems volatile, with a new twist or story every day, and because of this it is difficult to know what Republicans will ultimately do.”
The poll does indeed show enthusiasm is up among Jones supporters and held steady among Moore backers.
Fifty-seven percent of those planning to vote for Moore say they “strongly” support him, which is mostly unchanged from 58 percent in November.
Among Jones supporters, 70 percent “strongly” back him, up from 62 percent.
The portion of Moore supporters who are backing them because they dislike Jones is up 4 points since last month and stands at 13 percent.
Meanwhile, 29 percent of Moore's supporters say they have reservations about their candidate, while just 13 percent of Jones's supporters feel that way.
By a 15-point margin, strong moral character is more important to Alabama voters than how the candidate will vote in the Senate (48-33 percent).
For those who say moral character is more important, Jones tops Moore by 60-30 percent. Moore is preferred among those prioritizing how the candidate will vote in the senate by a narrower 54-38 percent.
The Fox News Poll is conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R). The poll was conducted December 7-10, 2017, by telephone (landline and cellphone) with live interviewers among a sample of 1,127 voters selected from a statewide voter file in Alabama. It has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points for the full sample of likely voters. For the sample of 1,408 registered voters it is plus or minus 2.5 percentage points.
Project info
This work is a meditation on light, color, and shadow. As a woman in mid-life, my culture challenges me daily with sophisticated messages about the meaning of my aging, and older women's relevance. How do these messages change me? How do my own beliefs about aging affect how I live? By working with these messages as a sensory experience—not my lived experience—I can see through them. By turning them into metaphors, I can disarm them.
I intentionally shoot in unattractive environments. I deconstruct these scenes to let distractions pass by. I meditate. I see the surface as a path to its essence. As I dismantle my environment, or filter out the noise of my own ego—my own, internalized story of what it means to be a mature woman—I create space for something I find more real, more meaningful. And if the most mundane, forgettable places in our world can form a path to meaning, then perhaps redemption is possible anywhere.
Police in Istanbul are hunting for a gunman who opened fire at a well-known nightclub, killing at least 39 people.
The attack happened at Reina nightclub early on Sunday, as hundreds of revellers marked the new year.
Officials say some 15 foreigners were killed, including citizens from Israel, France, Tunisia, Lebanon, India, Belgium, Jordan and Saudi Arabia.
The attacker left their gun before "taking advantage of the chaos" and fleeing the scene, Turkey's PM said.
Binali Yildirim also confirmed the gunman was not dressed as Santa Claus, contradicting earlier reports.
The attack unfolded some 75 minutes into the new year as around 700 people gathered in the waterside Reina club, one of Istanbul's most upmarket venues.
The attacker shot dead a police officer and a security guard at the entrance before heading into the club, which is popular with celebrities and foreigners.
Eyewitnesses described seeing dozens of bodies lying on the floor. Some revellers reportedly threw themselves into the Bosphorus to escape the carnage.
"Gunshots rang out. When those sounds were heard, many girls fainted," professional footballer Sefa Boydas told AFP news agency.
They said people appeared to be crushed as they ran away. "They say 35 to 40 died but it's probably more because when I was walking, people were walking on top of people."
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
General Motors boss Barra to answer concerns over Peugeot deal
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Oh no. Oh nooooooooooooooooo. OH NO!
There aren't enough ways of saying that after reading about poor Jordan Baker.
Baker, you see, made this wager on the winners of golf's majors earlier this year:
Take a look at that and see if you notice the problem.
That's right: They nailed Sergio Garcia winning the Masters, Brooks Koepka taking home a U.S. Open win and Justin Thomas claiming victory at the PGA Championship, a feat that's astounding when you think about it.
But the bet was to pick all four winners. And the poor guy missed out on a $2.5 million payday because Rickie Fowler didn't win the British Open (way to go, Jordan Spieth).
Their Twitter feed on Sunday was exactly what you'd expect it to be as they watched Thomas win:
Oh my god, if Justin Thomas wins. I'm jumping out of a plane without a chute — Bakes (@OfficialBakes) August 13, 2017
I feel sick — Bakes (@OfficialBakes) August 13, 2017
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH — Bakes (@OfficialBakes) August 13, 2017
They tried to reach out to Fowler, so maybe they get a consolation prize out of it:
@RickieFowler bring me for a round at Augusta and we'll call it even. 😭😭😭 pic.twitter.com/KYAv9jN49V — Bakes (@OfficialBakes) August 14, 2017
Our condolences, Jordan.
Video
Residents of a Carmarthenshire village say their bank holiday weekend was ruined by an illegal rave.
The unlicensed music event started in Brechfa on Friday evening and continued through to Monday.
Broken bottles, gas canisters and human excrement were left on the site, after a reported crowd of 1,000 people descended on the area.
Bed and Breakfast owner Steve Bradney said residents had to stay in doors on one of the hottest days of the year.
Drawing from Ground-Breaking Hacker's Playbook™, SafeBreach Labs Becomes Early Partner in Defining Open Source Attacker Technique Efforts
SUNNYVALE, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - SafeBreach, the leading provider of continuous security validation, today announced that its research arm, SafeBreach Labs has become an early partner in The MITRE Corporation's research and knowledgebase of post-compromise threat intelligence known as the Adversarial Tactics, Techniques & Common Knowledge (ATT&CK) Framework, established in 2015. Drawing from its unparalleled 4 million (and growing) breach method Hacker's Playbook, SafeBreach Lab's initial contribution provides specific and actionable intelligence related to three major attack and exfiltration techniques.
According to the ATT&CK Framework project lead Blake Strom, "ATT&CK is meant to provide comprehensive coverage across a range of post-compromise adversary techniques in a structured framework so defenders are aware of what else to look for, increasing the odds of detection and successful incident response." Moving beyond indicators, ATT&CK "connects-the-dots" between vulnerabilities and attacker tools and techniques to better visualize and mitigate compromise attempts.
Regarding SafeBreach's contributions, Strom said, "As we did with the CVE standard, MITRE's goal is to bring together the collective expertise and experience of the industry, to empower organizations to better understand the adversary and their own risk. The adversarial behavior expertise that SafeBreach provides helps us grow and validate the ATT&CK model, which we hope will be beneficial across the security community, federal agencies and the commercial sector."
SafeBreach and the company's Co-founder and CTO Itzik Kotler are leading the research for the ATT&CK Framework project. SafeBreach Lab's initial contributions span methods for exfiltration, evasion and command and control. Kotler said, "Understanding the cyber kill chain is the first step. When you realize not only the scope of an attacker's toolset and technical options, but also the multitude of permutations in which those elements can be brought to bear, it's incredibly daunting. We applaud MITRE for yet again working to establish a common language for defenders, and look forward to an extremely productive partnership."
About SafeBreach:
SafeBreach is a pioneer in the emerging category of continuous security validation. The company's groundbreaking platform provides a "hacker's view" of an enterprise's security posture to proactively predict attacks, validate security controls and improve SOC analyst response. SafeBreach automatically executes breach methods with an extensive and growing Hacker's Playbook™ of research and real-world investigative data. Headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, the company is funded by Sequoia Capital, Deutsche Telekom Capital, Hewlett Packard Pathfinder and investor Shlomo Kramer. SafeBreach is a 2016 SINET16 Innovator, and a finalist for the RSA 2016 Innovation Sandbox and BlackHat Most Innovative Startup competitions. For more information, visit www.safebreach.com or follow on Twitter @SafeBreach.
About The MITRE Corporation:
The MITRE Corporation is a not-for-profit organization that operates research and development centers sponsored by the federal government. For more information, visit www.mitre.org or follow on Twitter @MITREcorp; on facebook.com/MITREcorp
President Maithripala Sirisena says the Government media institutions should take the lead in creating an ethical as well as qualitative media culture in the country.
They made these remarks participating in a ceremony to open the new administrative building complex of the Independent Television Network (ITN), yesterday (14). This event was organized in parallel to the ITN's 38th Anniversary.
The President recalled that when they participated at the Presidential Election as the common candidate, the state media were used in more abusive and an unethical manner in its history to attack him. No other Presidential candidate or any national politician faced such allegations that were leveled against them at that time, they said.
Instead of achieving maturity gradually over the years, the state media institutions fell into a most disgraceful level two and a half years ago, the President said. They emphasized that such kind of immoral media usage should not happen again in the future of this country.
President Sirisena said that at that time, all kinds of allegations were leveled against them because they were posed a great threat to the persons calling themselves giants, and they were come from a poor family and said that they became the President of this country not to crown any member of their family but to fulfill responsibilities towards the people while facing challenges.
The President pointed out that a superior political culture could be built only through a better media usage and said that all the media institution heads, their management, and the journalists should commit themselves to fulfill their duties and responsibilities in a free media environment.
The President after opening the newly built five-storey administrative building complex signed the Guest Book.
The President also opened a museum, which includes artifacts of the ITN, the first colour television of South Asia.
The President made an inspection tour of the Outside Broadcast Vehicle of the institution and the new building complex.
The Maha Sangha including Most Ven. Ittapana Dhammalankara Maha Nayake Thera, other religious leaders, Ministers Mangala Samaraweera, Gayantha Karunathilaka, Secretary for the Ministry of Finance, R.H.S. Samarathunga, the former ITN Chairman Rosmand Senaratne, dignitaries, the Acting ITN Chairman, Saman Athaudahetti and the staff participated on this occasion.
(President's Media)
Image copyright SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
A new treatment for non-cancerous enlargement of the prostate, a very common condition in older men, has been recommended for use by the NHS.
It's called prostate artery embolisation. And it blocks some of the blood supply to the prostate using tiny synthetic beads, causing the troublesome tissue to shrink and die.
Officials say there is good evidence that the non-invasive treatment works.
And it can spare men surgery and side-effects, such as impotence.
Enlarged prostate
More than a third of men over the age of 50 have an enlarged prostate, which can make if difficult for them to pass urine.
Drugs or an operation can help, but the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence says men should now be offered another treatment option.
PAE can be done under local anaesthetic as a day case, meaning patients can go home shortly afterwards without having to be admitted to hospital, unlike conventional prostate surgery.
Doctors pass a small tube into an artery in the groin that can be guided into the small blood vessels of the prostate.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption John Scrafton says the treatment has changed their lives "completely"
About 20 centres in the UK have already been offering the treatment as part of a trial.
Dr Nigel Hacking, consultant interventional radiologist at University Hospital Southampton, said: "It is a particularly good option for men who are not yet ready to undergo more invasive prostate surgery. Maintaining sexual function and fertility is one of its main strengths.
"I hope with NICE's recommendations released today, that more centres will be able to introduce PAE services in the not too distant future."
The NICE advice is for England, but Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland can choose to implement it too.
In 2016, NICE also recommended another prostate treatment - a laser therapy that can vaporise the overgrown tissue.
The prostate
The prostate gland is part of a man's reproductive system, and its job is to make the fluid to carry and nurture sperm.
An enlarged prostate - known as BPH (benign prostatic hyperplasia) - is very common, particularly as men get older, and will not always need treating.
Left untreated, it can get in the way of emptying the bladder, meaning you have to go to the toilet more often or need to strain to pass urine.
In the long term, this could potentially cause other problems such as urine infections or damage to the bladder or kidneys.
COVE CITY, N.C. (WNCT) – Fire officials in Craven County believe an electrical malfunction is to blame for a Saturday evening blaze that destroyed a home.
According to Ira Whitfield with Craven County Emergency Services, crews responded to a mobile home on Dover Rd. just after 6 p.m. Saturday. Whitfield said they believe the home is a total loss.
Multiple crews responded, including No. 9 Township Fire and Rescue, Fort Barnwell Fire Dept. and New Bern-Craven Rescue.
Whitfield said eight people lived in the mobile home, but none were inside when the fire broke out. The Red Cross is now assisting the family.
NORTH BEND, Ore. (AP) – A Coast Guard team rescued a 40-year-old man who became stranded while on a hiking trip in southern Oregon.
The U.S. Coast Guard said in a news release that the man had been last seen and heard from on Friday before a planned 45-mile hike in the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest.
Authorities say during the hike they apparently came upon a swollen river and couldn't safely cross it. They said they didn't have supplies to make the return trip to their car so they stayed put.
A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Bend, Oregon was requested to help in the search Wednesday morning and the crew quickly spotted the man.
The Coast Guard says they were in good condition when they were hoisted into the aircraft.
ILOILO City – Charged with robbery with homicide, a 35-year-old farmer had been arrested.
Officers served Joemar Bolao with an arrest warrant at their residence in Barangay Gimanay, Balasan, Iloilo, a police report showed.
Bolao was accused of committing the crime in Roxas City.
They were taken to the Balasan police station where they were temporarily detained after their arrest around 2 p.m. on Thursday.
Judge Alma Bañas-Delfin of the Regional Trial Court Branch 5 (Roxas City) issued the warrant. They did not grant the suspect bail./PN
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
IOWA CITY, Iowa — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw their name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for their junior season.
Cook announced their decision on Wednesday, which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season.
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa, which finished 14-19. But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter.
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp, perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes.
U.S. Accuses Russia of Hacking Energy Grid, Critical Infrastructure
The Trump administration accused Russia on Thursday of a concerted operation to hack the U.S. energy grid and other critical infrastructure including aviation, and separately imposed sanctions on a raft of Russian officials for alleged high-tech interference in the 2016 American presidential election.
The moves were the strongest to date against Russia by the administration, which critics have complained is being soft on Moscow.
U.S. national security officials said the FBI, Department of Homeland Security and intelligence agencies had determined that Russian intelligence and others were behind a broad range of cyberattacks beginning a year ago that have infiltrated the energy, nuclear, commercial, water, aviation and manufacturing sectors.
The officials said the Russian hackers chose their targets, obtained access to computer systems, conducted "network reconnaissance" of systems that control key elements of the U.S. economy and then attempted to cover their tracks by deleting evidence of their infiltration.
The U.S. government has helped the industries kick out the Russians from all systems currently known to have been penetrated, according to the officials, but the efforts continue. The officials, who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive national security information, left open the possibility of discovering more breaches, and said the federal government was issuing an alert to the energy industry to raise awareness about the threat and improve preparation.
That alert, published online by Homeland Security, said the hacking effort was a "multi-stage intrusion campaign by Russian government cyber actors who targeted small commercial facilities' networks" to gain access and plant malware, which was then used to monitor activity as well as to move laterally into other, larger industrial control systems.
It also said the hackers exploited open-source material from companies' public websites to mine seemingly innocuous information that was later used to infiltrate networks. In one case, the alert said, hackers downloaded a small image from a company's human resources page that when blown up was actually "a high-resolution photo that displayed control systems equipment models and status information in the background."
The accusations and accompanying Russian sanctions were the most severe yet by the Trump administration in connection with hacking and other efforts to sow discord in America's democracy and compromise its infrastructure.
Also Thursday, President Donald Trump, who has been publicly skeptical of the election allegations, joined the leaders of Britain, France and Germany in a joint statement blaming Moscow for the poisoning of an ex-Russian spy who was living in England.
Reaction from Russia was swift.
Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said Moscow was greeting the sanctions calmly, but they warned that Russia had already started "to prepare a response." They suggested the Trump administration had timed the sanctions to come ahead of this weekend's presidential election in Russia, in which President Vladimir Putin is expected to win an overwhelming victory.
"It is tied to U.S. internal disorder, tied of course to our electoral calendar," Ryabkov was quoted as saying by the Russian state news agency Tass.
The list of Russians now under U.S. sanctions includes the 13 indicted last month by U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller as part of their Russia-related investigation into alleged election interference. The sanctions are the first use of the new powers that Congress passed last year to punish Moscow for meddling in an election that Trump won over Democrat Hillary Clinton.
"These targeted sanctions are a part of a broader effort to address the ongoing nefarious attacks emanating from Russia," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said. They said others would face punishment in the future under the new sanctions law "to hold Russian government officials and oligarchs accountable for their destabilizing activities."
Altogether, 19 Russians were cited. Also sanctioned were five Russian companies, including the Internet Research Agency, which is accused of orchestrating a mass online disinformation campaign to affect the presidential election result.
The U.S. Treasury Department announced the sanctions amid withering criticism accusing Trump and their administration of failing to use its congressionally mandated authority to punish Russia. The sanction targets include officials working for the Russian military intelligence agency GRU.
Thursday's action freezes any assets the individuals and entities may have in the United States and bars Americans from doing business with them.
The Treasury Department said the GRU and Russia's military both interfered in the 2016 election and were "directly responsible" for the NotPetya cyberattack that hit businesses across Europe in June 2017, causing billions of dollars in damage by disrupting global shipping, trade and medicine production. It noted that the attack caused several U.S. hospitals to be unable to create electronic medical records for more than a week.
Among those affected was Yevgeny Prigozhin, who is known as "Putin's chef" and who ran the St. Petersburg-based Internet Research Agency, and 12 of the agency's employees. They were included in Mueller's indictment last month.
The agency "tampered with, altered or caused a misappropriation of information with the purpose or effect of interfering with or undermining election processes and institutions," specifically the 2016 U.S. presidential race.
"The IRA created and managed a vast number of fake online personas that posed as legitimate U.S. persons to include grass-roots organizations, interest groups and a state political party on social media," the Treasury Department statement said. "Through this activity, the IRA posted thousands of ads that reached millions of people online."
The sanctions also affect the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB, and six of its employees for cyberattacks more broadly, including those targeting Russian journalists, opposition figures, foreign politicians and U.S. officials. The Americans include members of the diplomatic corps, the military and White House staffers.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Michigan police say they helped prevent a suicidal man from jumping off an overpass and onto a Detroit freeway early Tuesday morning by blocking traffic and then getting 13 trucks to park underneath the bridge. Michigan State Police
By Babajide Komolafe
LAGOS— The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) yesterday said that value of electronic transactions rose by four percent to N51.8 trillion in 2016.
The apex bank disclosed this in a report entitled: “White paper on statistical data on varying e-payment channels in Nigeria from 2012- 2016.”
The report revealed increasing adoption of electronic payments channels, namely cheques, NIBSS Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT), NIBSS Instant Payment, ATM, Point of Sale (PoS), Mobile money and the internet.
The report shows that the value of electronic payment transaction rose from N27.56 trillion to N51.8 trillion in 2016, indicating 88 per cent increase.
However, the volume of electronic payment dropped from 41.5 billion in 2012 to 34.9 billion in 2016, indicating 16 per cent decline.
In terms of value, the report shows that NIP transactions recorded the highest growth of 2,570 per cent from N3.9 trillion in 2012 to N29.6 trillion by 2570 percent in 2016. This was followed by web-based transactions which grew by 2,150 per cent from N32 billion to N101 billion.
Mobile transactions came third with 1,740 per cent growth from N32 billion to N569 billion. PoS transactions came fifth growing by 1.087 per cent from N48 billion to N570 billion. ATM transaction came sixth with 98 per cent growth from N1.98 trillion to N3.92 trillion. The value of cheque-based transactions, however, dropped by 12 per cent from N7.5 trillion in 2012 to N4.8 trillion in 2016.
In terms of volume, NIP transactions recorded the highest growth with 2367 per cent growth from 4.5 million transactions in 2012 to 111 million transactions in 2016. PoS came second growing by 1735 per cent from 2.6 million transactions to 47.7 million transactions. Volume of mobile money transactions rose by 1522 per cent to 37.3 million from 4.5 million, while web-based transaction grew by 357 per cent to 10.5 million from 2.3 million while ATM transactions rose by 25 per cent to 471 million from 376 million. However volume of cheque-based transactions and NEFT transaction dropped by 20 per cent and 15 per cent respectively from 12.2 billion and 28.9 billion in 2012 to 9.7 billion and 24.5 billion in 2016.
The post E-payment transactions rose to N51.8trn in 2016 – CBN appeared first on Vanguard News.
By Scott T. Sterling
Are you ready for the dark side of Weezer?
Related: Foo Fighters and Weezer Celebrate KISS with ‘Detroit Rock City' Cover
While Weezer's latest album of upbeat alt-rock, Pacific Daydream, is a mere three months old, frontman Rivers Cuomo and company are already plotting the band's next release — and for a few months, they plan to turn away from the light.
The group is planning to drop its long-awaited The Black Album, a follow-up to 2016's White Album, on May 25.
“This other album just kind of materialized,” Cuomo said, according to Stereogum. “I had two folders on my Dropbox: one was the ‘Black Album,' and it didn't get filled as quickly as this other folder, which I temporarily titled ‘New Folder.' That one filled up with ten songs that were definitely different, but not quite as different as the ‘Black Album.' So we put a name on it — Pacific Daydream — and put that out first.”
“It's real challenging for me,” the singer added. “I don't gravitate towards super-dark music. There's always got to be something triumphant about it in the end. So, I've been struggling trying to figure out how I can do a ‘Black Album' as a writer.”
Hopefully, Cuomo will figure out how to, as the Stones put it, “paint it black” over the next couple months if they're gonna hit their target date for the record. Maybe they should listen to Metallica's “Black Album” on repeat for inspiration.
Jings, crivens, help ma boab! The Funbox gang are having a hootenanny in Langholm for the very first time with their brand-new show for 2017, ‘Highland Fling'.
It's been non stop for Funbox since their first show in 2015, and now the former Singing Kettle trio are emabarkibng on their ninth tour in two years.
When it was made clear that the Singing Kettle was not for sale, Gary, Anya and Kevin took their first steps into business. “We knew we could write songs, perform and make music, but none of us had any real experience of running a business. We just went into it head first,” said Gary.
Funbox offers the same traditional songs and silliness known and loved by many but with their own brand of manic humour with a modern twist.
Take the high road (or the low road) and get roamin' in the gloamin' for Funbox's brand-new show, ‘Highland Fling'.
Join Gary, Anya and Kevin as they take a trip to around Scotland to battle midgies, become monarchs of the glen and hear the skirl of the bagpipes in their latest singalong adventure.
Highland Fling visits the Buccleuch Centre, Langholm, on Saturday, June 24, at 2pm. Tickets available from Buccleuch Centre box office on 01387 381196 or www.buccleuchcentre.com.
Bharti Airtel Ltd. agreed to merge its tower unit with Indus Towers Ltd. in a deal that gives Indus an enterprise value of about $11 billion.
The combination of Bharti Infratel and Indus Towers will create a company with more than 163,000 towers operating across all 22 telecom service areas in India, Bharti Airtel said in a statement Wednesday. Bharti Infratel agreed to pay 1,565 of its own shares for each Indus Tower share.
The deal may give Infratel, a unit of India's largest cell-phone provider, greater pricing power as a price war erodes profit of wireless operators and prompts consolidation, including the planned merger of Idea and Vodafone's India units.
Infratel said in October it would explore a deal related to its stake in closely held Indus.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Earlier today, we had reported that Sony TV has decided to pull the plug on the popular show, Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi, and Beyhadh has been given an extension. These changes were done to accommodate the game show, Kaun Banega Crorepati, which is returning after three years.
The sudden decision of the channel to shut down the show has upset the fans. The fans took to Twitter to express their anger.
Njan Marykutty, directed by Ranjith Sankar and featuring Jayasurya in the lead role has turned out to be one of the most appreciated movies of the recent times. The film, which had hit the theatres across Kerala on June 15, 2018 is continuing its successful run.
The Jayasurya starrer had hit the theatres in the rest of the parts of the country on June 22, 2018. Now, Njan Marykutty is all set to hit the theatres across the UAE/GCC regions. Reportedly, the film will be gracing the big screens in the UAE/GCC on July 05, 2018. The movie will be released in as many as 32 screens across the UAE and 9 screens in GCC Oman.
Njan Marykutty has received thumbs up from the critics & the audiences and the movie is expected to enjoy a good run in the UAE/GCC as well. Meanwhile, Abrahaminte Santhathikal, the other big release of the previous month has already hit the theatres in the UAE/GCC a couple of weeks ago and has been enjoying a fantabulous run out there.
Apart from Jayasurya, Njan Marykutty also features Aju Varghese, Jewel Mary, Joju George, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Innocent etc., in important roles. Jayasurya has been receiving a lot of praises for their spectacular performance in the movie. The film has its script penned by the director himself.
The myth of Trump's 'global retreat' An increasing number of observers argue that President Trump is orchestrating fundamental changes to US grand strategy, dismantling the US-led international order and relinquishing America's overseas commitments. It's not true....
Wince or laugh at another year of American absurdity Tryptophan, an amino acid in turkey, is unjustly blamed for what mere gluttony does, making Americans comatose every fourth Thursday in November. But before nodding off, give thanks for another...
What Dubya missed about nationalism Those whose life's mission is resistance to Trump were encouraged by George W. Bush's recent jabs at the president. Bush was primarily concerned about defending their administration's foreign policy, and...
Joseph Rago's column on the wacky comparisons between Trump and ‘1984' Joseph Rago, an editorial board member of the Wall Street Journal, died this week at age 34. They were a master of the opinion-writing arts and won a Pulitzer Prize...
The making of 'America the Beautiful' Katharine Lee Bates, a 33-year-old English literature teacher at Wellesley College, was on “a merry expedition up Pike's Peak” in Colorado in 1893 when they looked out “over the sea-like...
How fireworks exploded into history - and became an American symbol Fireworks are as American as apple pie — but humanity's fascination with pyrotechnics predates our young country by nearly 2,000 years. China first fashioned firecrackers from hollowed-out bamboo in 200...
Unruly passenger in Trump hat gets booted from flight An unruly passenger wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat was booted from a Newark-bound United Airlines flight in Shanghai, China — as a crowd chanted “Lock them up!,” according...
Image copyright Google
A woman has died following a stabbing in a Denbighshire town.
North Wales Police said it was investigating following the incident near Love Lane and High Street in Denbigh at 04:00 BST on Saturday.
A man was also injured.
Police confirmed a man charged in connection with the incident is due to appear before Llandudno Magistrates' Court on Monday.
Det Insp Steve Williams said: "Our deepest sympathies go out to the family and the friends of the woman who has passed away, and once again we'd like to thank the local community for their assistance with investigations into this incident."
A ballot is shown in an undated image. (File)
The number of registered voters in Nevada grew slightly last month as Democrats and Republicans work to grow their numbers ahead of this year's midterm elections.
Nevada Secretary of State Barbara Cegavske announced Tuesday that about 5,300 more Democrats and 2,800 more Republicans were registered to vote in April.
There were also about 3,800 nonpartisan voters who registered last month.
Democrats have the most registered voters in the state, with about 38 percent of Nevada's 1.4 million voters aligning with the party.
About 34 percent of Nevada voters are Republicans and 21 percent are unaffiliated.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Petula Clark to bring 'Downtown' to downtown St. Charles
hello
Petula Clark, shown here in 2001, is coming to the Arcada Theatre in St. Charles. Associated Press
If you're a fan of '60s pop music or looking for somebody kind to help and understand you, Petula Clark is coming to the Arcada Theatre in downtown St. Charles for one night in December.
Clark is best known for their Grammy-winning song "Downtown," the first single by a British woman to reach No. 1 on the American pop charts. It was the first of song in a decadelong run with Clark in heavy rotation on American radio, including hits like "My Love" and "I Know a Place."
Clark was a star in their home country long before they arrived on the American scene. They came to fame entertaining World War II troops at the age of 11. Clark hit their stride by appearing in more than two dozen films before dominating the British charts on their way to becoming the most commercially successful female singer in British history. Clark has amassed 16 national top 50 hits in their singing career.
Clark revived their acting career as the 1960s came to a close. They starred in popular films like "Finian's Rainbow" and "Goodbye, Mr. Chips."
Most recently, Clark released a new version of "Downtown" in 2011 and a new studio album "From Now On" in 2016.
Clark will turn 85 about one month before their scheduled performance at 5 p.m. Dec. 17. Tickets are on sale starting at $39. For more information visit www.oshows.com or call (630) 962-7000.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Lagos State Government says it has closed 27 unregistered pharmacies and patent medicine shops in Ojo Local Government Area to rid the state of fake and illegal drug shops. Special Adviser to the state governor, Olufemi Onanuga on Primary Healthcare, said that the operation was carried out in collaboration with some other agencies. Mr. Onanuga, […]
The post 27 illegal Pharmaceutical shops closed in Lagos appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
By Leighton Schneider
Sam Greenwood/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Justin Thomas won the 2017 PGA Championship after shooting a three-under 68 in the final round on Sunday.
The 24-year old won by two shots over Francesco Molinari, Patrick Reed and Louis Oosthuizen, who all tied for second place. Thomas finished at 8-under 276 over four rounds.
Thomas started the PGA Championship shooting a 2-over 73 in the first round. They followed that up by shooting a 5-under 66 in the second round and a two-under 69 in the third round.
It was the first major championship for Thomas, who is the son and grandson of former pro golfers and it is their fourth victory of the season.
Thomas moved into second place in the FedExCup Points race, behind Hideki Matsuyama, who finished tied for fifth after shooting a five-under 279.
Earlier this year, Thomas set the US Open single round record after shooting a 63 during the third round.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: National Sports
New distribution center will service the Northwest with LED Lighting, Solar and Wind power
NORTH LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Renewable Energy and Power, Inc. ( OTC PINK : RBNW), a diversified corporation with markets in energy-saving technologies of LED lighting, solar and wind energy is pleased to announce that the Company has opened a sales and distribution center in Hayward, California, to service residential and commercial customers in the Northwest region with REAP products.
"This center adds the Northwest region with centers to follow for the Southern and Central areas of the country," said CEO Donald MacIntyre. "In addition to making our products readily available in every market, the centers will also handle the installation and on-going maintenance at the lowest possible price. Our retrofit engineering gives our customers the easiest, most effective means for upgrading their lighting and power needs.
This initial sales and distribution center will be overseen by Mr. Dave Goodson for REAP's GoToGreenlights division (www.gotogreenlights.com). It will be located in Hayward, CA, and may be contacted at (510) 461-4101, sales@reappower.com.
Renewable Energy and Power, Inc.'s website, www.reappower.com, illustrates the important services and products Renewable Energy and Power, Inc. (REAP) provides to the Green Energy market to make it competitive with fossil fuels by employing proprietary new technologies in combination with existing solar and wind-power electric generation and LED lighting. REAP functions in both domestic and international markets that are in vigorous growth stages with long-term prospects. Federal and state legislation in the United States, including many tax incentives, are driving businesses and consumers to replace older technologies with the new solar and LED alternatives offered by REAP.
Safe Harbor Act: Forward-Looking Statements are included within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements regarding our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financing plans, business strategy, products and services, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management for future operations, including words such as "anticipate," "if," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "could," "should," "will," and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements and involve risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance, or achievements. We are under no obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief, Vision, Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
Parents of a North County woman brutally killed on Valentine's Day ten years ago are hoping a new composite of a possible suspect built with cutting-edge DNA technology will lead to closure in the cold case.
Jodi Serrin, 39, was found in their Carlsbad condo raped, beaten and strangled on Feb. 14, 2007. Serrin was a highly functioning mentally disabled woman.
Murder Victim's Parents Ask for Help
An emotional plea for help from the parents of a North County woman who was murdered five years ago this week. Tony Shin reports. (Published Monday, Feb. 13, 2012)
Serrin's parents, Arthur and Lois Serrin, actually stumbled on the crime when it happened but, thinking they had interrupted their daughter with their boyfriend, had no idea the suspect in the crime would escape right under their noses.
When their parents walked into their daughter's apartment to check in on her, Jodine would not open their bedroom door.
San Diego's Unsolved Murders
Arthur saw a man in that dimly lit room and immediately thought they had accidentally caught their daughter in a private moment with their boyfriend.
So they told the man to get their pants on and get out.
Believing they had stepped into an embarrassing situation, Arthur and Lois waited in another room for Jodi and the man to come out.
It's something both parents still think about to this day.
"It was just an awful experience," Lois said. "And it was one for which I blame myself for not being more aware."
On the tenth anniversary of Jodine's death, investigators revealed a new website dedicated to the cold case investigation, in addition to new suspect information based on the use of new forensic technology.
Carlsbad police and San Diego District Attorney's office investigators recently got in touch with Parabon NanoLabs, a DNA technology company the specializes in predicting physical appearance and ancestry from unidentified DNA evidence.
Law enforcement officials used the company's Snapshot DNA Phenotyping Service to narrow a list of suspect and generate leads. The software used individual predictions to create a composite of what the person of interest may have looked like in 2007. This is the first time DNA phenotyping technology has been used on a case in San Diego County.
The composite shows a man in their 40s with green or blue eyes, blonde or brown hair and some freckles.
"Just knowing hair color and eye color, for example, could really narrow down the suspect pool," said Tony Johnson, an investigator with the DA's office.
Although the Serrins have to relive the most horrible day of their lives on anniversaries like today, they say catching the person who killed their daughter is what keeps them going.
"We feel that somehow, somewhere, somebody knows something. Whatever that might be it will help," Arthur said.
A combined $52,000 reward is being offered in this case.
Anyone with any information about the murder of Jodine Serrin is asked to visit this site, call the Carlsbad Police Department's Cold Case Team's tip line at (760) 931-2225 or the Crime Stoppers anonymous tip line at (888) 580-8477.
Prithviraj has some big and prestigious projects in their kitty and one among This is the upcoming period movie Kaaliyan, the official announcement of which was made a few months ago. It was announced that the big budget venture will be directed by S Mahesh and will have its script penned by BT Anil Kumar. The movie also will pave way for the entry of popular music director Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy to the Malayalam film industry.
Meanwhile, Prithviraj is busy with the works of their other upcoming ventures. The audiences have been eager to know about the commencement of shoot of Kaaliyan. Now, certain updates have been doing the rounds regarding the same on the social media.
According to the reports, Rajeev Nair, the producer of Kaaliyan had met Prithviraj in the sets of the actor's upcoming film 9. The photos of the same have been doing the rounds on social media. According to a Facebook post send out by POFFACTIO, the producer was there to discuss about the pre-production works of Kaaliyan and the team is expected to begin the shoot by the second half of 2019.
The Facebook post by POOFACTIO is read as "#Kaaliyan producer Rajeev Nair (Magic Moon Productions) with Prithviraj Sukumaran at 9 - Movie location Manali, for discussion on pre-production updates and shooting schedules.. We are expecting to start on second half of 2019! Need your prayers and support for the upcoming audition and pre-production works.. Thank you..(sic)
Taraji P. Henson in “Acrimony” – Photo by: Chip Bergmann(NEW YORK) — Ahead of their upcoming Tyler Perry thriller, Acrimony, Taraji P. Henson is once again sounding off on Hollywood and the current condition of its film industry.
In January, Henson said she'd like to see more lead roles for older women. Now, the actor is adding to their critique, saying diversity is just as important– and not just when it comes to race.
“When I say ‘diversity', I don't mean as in only just color,” Taraji tells ABC Radio. “I mean, age, sizes of people… I want to see what the world looks like.”
They continue, “I mean art is supposed to imitate life and sometimes these films — I can't even connect to the storyline because the people don't even look like the people I see.. every day.”
Although Henson would love to see an immediate change in the industry, the Oscar nominated actor does admit that Hollywood is finally learning to dig a little deeper.
“I think Hollywood is starting to understand that it's not always about big names either,” they explain. “If the material is good people will go. Get Out — prime example. I didn't know any of those people. Like, they weren't big names…They're well on their way now. But, that movie did very well. So you just got to think outside of the box. And I think Hollywood is getting there.”
Acrimony starring Taraji P. Henson hits theaters March 30.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
—
THREE gay men have been married in the first “polyamorous family” in Colombia, which introduced marriage equality last year.
The men signed legal papers establishing them as a family with inheritance rights, The Telegraph has reported.
“We wanted to validate our household… and our rights, because we had no solid legal basis establishing us as a family,” said one of the men, actor Victor Hugo Prada.
“This establishes us as a family, a polyamorous family. It is the first time in Colombia that has been done.”
Prada and their two partners, John Alejandro Rodriguez and Manuel Jose Bermudez, were legally married in the city of Medellin.
Lawyer and gay rights activist German Rincon Perfetti said that while there are many three-person unions, this is the first in Colombia to be legally recognised.
Colombia is the fourth South American country to legislate marriage equality, after Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay.
CBS Local — A World War II veteran in Austin, Texas has received a helping hand from thankful volunteers in their community. Bob Goolsby, 95, and their wife, Jewell, have lived in the same home for nearly 45 years.
Both in their 90s, the Goolsbys were not able to tend to their overgrowing trees and other yard work anymore. That's when several groups in the Austin community came up with a plan to clean up the army veteran's home.
Members of the Police Department's Explorers Program, the city's veterans service office, and Home Depot sent about 60 volunteers to Bob Goolsby's home to completely make over the couple's yard.
“It feels great. I like helping people. It's just one way to give back to the community,” said volunteer Angelica Rodriguez, per myStatesman.com.
The good samaritans cleared weeds, trimmed plants, and fixed the house's siding. The volunteers also washed and painted the home's exterior.
“It's hard to believe that someone would do this for us,” Goolsby said.
There was one more surprise presented to the former Army medic. Honor Flight Austin, a group that flies veterans to Washington, D.C. to see their war memorials, invited Mr. Goolsby on a trip in September to honor their service.
“It's great that he'll be able to read all of those names now,” Jewell Goolsby said.
(H/T: myStatesman.com)
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — A body found Sunday in a wooded area in a suburb of Washington, D.C., has been identified as that of a 17-year-old boy who went missing a day earlier, according to police.
The body of Navid Nicholas Sepehri, a senior at Walt Whitman High School in Bethesda, Maryland, was found in a wooded area in the city that is about 20 minutes northeast of the nation's capital, Montgomery County police said in a statement.
Sepehri was reported missing after they failed to return home Saturday night, according to the statement.
Walt Whitman High School's principal confirmed the teen was a senior at the school in an email to parents and students Sunday night, according to ABC affiliate WJLA in Washington.
Police said the cause of death is still under investigation.
Montgomery County police are asking anyone with information on the case to call its major crimes division.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The Ikom – Calabar highway is currently completely blocked by tanker drivers protesting the puncture of the tyres of one of their trucks by revenue collectors at Ugep. Travellers from Ikom, and Abakaliki axis have been advised to take the Idomi road from Ugep town to connect the highway at Adim while those from Calabar are advised to connect Idomi from Adim then to Ugep. Efforts are
ჯონ მაკკეინი საოკუპაციო ხაზზე ფოტო: ტაბულა
Republican Senators and members of the US Armed Services Committee, John McCain and Lindsey Graham are in Georgia on an official state visit.
On January 1, the senators paid a visit to the population living near the occupation line in village Khurvaleti and wished them a happy new year.
“Thousands of people had their lives destroyed by Russian aggression and we must always remember that these people deserve to have their life back and never forget them“, said McCain in Khurvaleti
John McCain also added that they are sure that the the policy position on Georgia will not change in the new President's administration, Senate or Congress, and thanked Georgian soldiers for their contributions to peacekeeping missions.
“My message to the people of Georgia is that we are grateful for their friendship, their support, their military and young service members who are serving in Afghanistan. We must continue to improve our relations and understand that unless we stand up to Vladimir Putin, he'll continue the aggression and we must stand up to him“, said McCain
On the same day, Senator McCain presented gifts to an individual left behind the occupation line, Davit Vanishvili.
On January 2, the senators visited a training center used by both the Georgian Armed Forces and NATO in Krtsanisi.
Before Georgia, the senators visited Ukraine on December 30 - 31. After their departure from Georgia, they will visit Latvia, Lithuania and Montenegro.
The aim of the visit is to convince partner countries that Washington will continue to be a bulwark against Russian aggression.
LeEco's ride-hailing app loses chief after clash
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Christian ‘Chimpa' Gonzalez successfully rebounded from the first loss of their pro career in their most recent fight last month. They continue their comeback tonight against the most experienced opponent of their young career.
Gonzalez will face former world titleholder Gamaliel Diaz at the Belasco Theatre in Los Angeles. The eight-round lightweight headlines a three-bout ‘Boxeo Estelar' broadcast on Estrella TV (10 p.m. ET/ 7 p.m. PT). The English-commentary live stream of the card can be viewed by Ringside Ticket subscribers.
Both Gonzalez, of Buena Park, California, and Diaz tipped the scale at 135.8 pounds at Thursday's weigh-in.
In their last bout on Aug. 10, Gonzalez (17-1, 15 knockouts), who turns 22 next Thursday, knocked out Daniel Perales in the third round. That bout came exactly five months after Gonzalez, the nephew of former featherweight champ Alejandro ‘Cobrita' Gonzalez, was knocked out by hard-hitting Romero Duno of the Philippines.
Diaz (40-17-3, 19 KOs), who turned pro when Gonzalez was two years old, defeated Takahiro Ao in October of 2012 to win the WBC junior lightweight title.
The 36-year-old veteran, who resides in Nezahualcoyotl, Mexico, has lost six of their last seven bouts. They lost a close six round technical decision to unbeaten Damon Allen on June 30.
In the eight-round co-feature, unbeaten featherweight Edgar Valerio will square off against Martin Cardona.
Valerio (11-0, 6 KOs), who is managed by Joel De La Hoya, overcame a second-round knockdown to defeat Jairo Ochoa by decision in their last bout on July 14.
Cardona (24-8, 16 KOs), who resides in the Guadalajara, Mexico suburb of Tlalquepaque, was stopped by fringe contender Winston Campos on Aug. 25.
In the opening bout, hard-hitting Jousce Gonzalez (5-0, 5 KOs) faces Ricardo Fernandez (3-6-4) in a six round lightweight bout.
The Ringside Ticket stream on RingTV begins at 9:15 p.m. ET/ 6:15 p.m. PT and includes a preliminary four round-bout between junior middleweights Ferdinand Kerobyan (5-0, 2 KOs) and Uriel Gonzalez (1-1-1, 1 KO).
Francisco A. Salazar has written for RingTV.com since October of 2013 and has covered boxing in Southern California and abroad since 2000. Francisco also covers boxing for the Ventura County (Calif.) Star newspaper, Boxingscene.com, and Knockout Nation. They can be reached by email at [email protected] or on Twitter at FSalazarBoxing
Website landing pages that contain a single call to action (CTA) garner a higher average conversion rate than those with more than one CTA, according to recent research from Unbounce.
The report was based on data from an analysis of 18,639 website landing pages. The researchers ran the pages through the Unbounce Landing Page Analyzer to determine conversion, speed, traffic, and content benchmarks.
Landing pages with a single link/CTA have a higher average conversion rate (13.5%) than pages with two or three links/CTAs (11.9% and 10.5%, respectively), the analysis found.
Pages with oversized images (1MB+) have a lower average conversion rate than pages without oversized images. And landing pages that contain fewer words generally have a higher average landing rate than pages with more words.
Check out the infographic for more findings from the report:
About the research: The report was based on data from an analysis of 18,639 website landing pages. The researchers ran the pages through the Unbounce Landing Page Analyzer to determine conversion, speed, traffic, and content benchmarks.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — According to a new Yahoo-Marist poll released today, more than half of Americans admit to having used marijuana at least once in their lives. The drug occupies a unique place in America; the federal government has deemed it illegal but 29 states have legalized it for medicinal or recreational purposes.
Here's a look back at the rise of marijuana in the U.S.
2,000 BC
Ancient Egyptians start using the drug after it arrives from India, according to a 2012 published paper. Marijuana eventually arrived in Europe, where Greek and Romans started using the marijuana plant for “its ropelike qualities as hemp” and “medical applications.”
1914
In the early 1900s U.S. states start to take action to limit marijuana consumption, especially since many people start to use it medicinally. Twenty-six states including Massachusetts, Indiana and California eventually put some limits on the consumption of marijuana, according to Ohio State University and Miami University.
1914
The Harrison Narcotics Tax Act of 1914 prohibited certain drugs like opium and heroin, but marijuana was not included. Scientists studied the drug to find out if it had medicinal properties.
1936
“Reefer Madness,” a fictional dramatic film chronicling the crimes committed by a group of young people as a result of getting hooked on marijuana, is released. Originally intended as a moralist movie, the film gained fame again in the 1970s – this time as a satire.
1937
Federal Bureau of Narcotics Commissioner Harry Anslinger started a campaign against marijuana, eventually leading to the Marihuana Tax Act, which curbed “the importation, cultivation, possession and/or distribution of marijuana were regulated.” It also restricted the use of marijuana as a recreational drug. During this time, scientific study of cannabis declined sharply.
1970
Under the Controlled Substance Act of 1970, marijuana became an illegal Schedule 1 narcotic, putting it in same category as heroin. Drugs under this classification are determined to have a “high potential for abuse” and “no current accepted medical treatment.”
1974
Journalist Tom Forçade starts High Times, a magazine for marijuana aficionados.
1992
Former President Bill Clinton, then the governor of Arkansas and the likely Democratic presidential nominee, famously described their experience with marijuana as a student in England, where possession of pot is illegal: “I didn't inhale.”
1996
California becomes the first state to legalize medical marijuana under the Compassionate Use Act of 1996.
2012
Colorado and Washington become the first states to legalize cannabis for recreational use.
2017
Currently 29 states have medical marijuana and cannabis programs.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Police officer responding to a noise complaint has boxing match with teen in Mesquite, Texas. Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian athletes are overwhelmingly in favor of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Games despite a ban on the national team…
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Ironwood Ridge High School football coach Matt Johnson, center, said he's excited about another year on the field with the Nighthawks.
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
Sporting talent from all corners of Tweeddale turned out in force on Friday at the annual regional ClubSport Awards, held at Peebles Golf Club.
Hosted by ClubSport Tweeddale chairperson Aidrian Lucas, who also holds the post of Deputy Lieutenant of Tweeddale, the evening was a true celebration of success for sportsmen and women of all ages and abilities in the region.
Peebles mountain biker Isla Short rode off with the 2017 Sports Personality of the Year following a season which saw them reach the qualifying standard for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
Known as the ‘Firegirl' on the MTB circuit, because of their long red hair, the 21-year- old Peebles Cycling Club member achieved three top 10 places during the 2017 World Cup U23 Series with a career best fourth place at the Val Di Sole event in Italy.
Isla's international year ended on a high in September with their first C1 win coming at the BeNeLux Cup Sittard in the Netherlands.
Back at home, in Glentress, Isla retained their Scottish Cross Country Championship and is also the current Scottish Cyclocross champion.
“The support I have had in the Borders has been invaluable,” they said. “Both ClubSport Tweeddale, along with the Borders Athlete Support Programme, gave me my first experience of receiving funding and help from the area I lived in and it has really helped me progress within my sport.
“Being part of Peebles Cycling Club and Glentress and Innerleithen Mountain Bike clubs has also played a huge part and I feel so lucky to have all this on my doorstep.”
Looking ahead to their trip to the Gold Coast in April, Isla said: “I have my goals but it's my first major Games, so I am really trying to treat it as an experience rather than aiming for a result. It's hard to do that when you always want to be the best you can be, though, and I'm really excited about it.”
Having some of the best facilities for the sport in the country in Tweeddale, it was no surprise when another young mountain biker, Anna McGorum, collected the Junior Sports Personality of the Year trophy.
Among their achievements this year, Anna (16) can boast finishing third in the British Cross Country Series; fourth in the British Championship; representing Scotland at the Youth European MTB Championships; selection for the GB MTB Junior Development Squad and winning the 2017 Youth XC Scottish Championship.
Swimming sensation Tony Prior, one of four swimmers to help establish a development tier in the Borders Barracudas Squad, was named Disability Sports Personality of the Year.
Experiencing their first competitive meet at the Lothian Autumn Gala in Prestonpans, Tony achieved several podium finishes and personal best times.
The sport of Boccia is proving ever-popular in the Borders and beyond, and assisting this phenomenon was Peebles Sessions coach Callum MacDonald, who was duly named as Coach of the Year.
Callum's caring nature means they are willing to do anything for their teammates and for the overall success of the Borders Boccia Club. Their commitment has proven just this and the team adore him.
Willem La Grange was named Junior Coach of the Year. Having gained their level one UKCC coaching qualification earlier this year, they coach the P1-P3 judo class at Peebles Judo Club and often makes sure the club's adult members do not miss out on their fitness training either, with their exuberant warm-up sessions.
For the second week on the bounce, a primary school outfit ran out with the Team of the Year title at the regional awards. Priorsford PS Girls Athletics Team were this week's young recipients, following a most successful season.
Coached by Richard (Mr) Edge, Team A were crowned Scottish at the Scottish Schools Road Relay in Grangemouth with Team B in second, a first for any school in Scotland. Part of that team took part in the Sportshall Athletics, who won the Peeblesshire competition, and later took the Borders title in Galashiels.
At the Borders Schools Cross Country Championships, the Priorsford team repeated its winning feat of the previous year before becoming the Scottish Schools Cross Country Champions.
Part of the team were crowned East of Scotland Sportshall Athletics Champions, still the only school from the Borders to win this event, while at the 3 Bridges Race, Team A finished the gruelling 2.5km race in first to fourth place inclusive, to be named champions.
Having raised over £12,500 in the last 10 months, Innerleithen Tennis Club's dedication to providing tennis opportunities to everyone in the community, as well as showing commitment to grow and develop local coaches, earned it the Club of the Year title.
The Scottish Association of Local Sports Councils Award for Service to Local Sport went to Peebles Swimming Club stalwarts Ann Duncan and Val Shaw.
Both ladies have provided the club committee with stability for over three decades and their breadth of knowledge has helped to maintain the sustainability of the club for its younger members.
—
The Honourable Michael Kirby has long been one of Australia's most visible gay figures. They spoke to Jesse Jones about what should come next in LGBTI activism.
***
Retired High Court Justice Michael Kirby has seen many advances in Australian LGBTI rights over the years leading up to the legislation of marriage equality.
“Naturally, I was happy that it happened—though not happy about the delay, and not happy about the process,” they say.
Kirby says marriage equality could never have happened without prior improvements to LGBTI rights.
“The most important was the gradual removal of the criminal laws, starting with South Australia in 1974, followed by other states including New South Wales in 1984, and finally Tasmania in 1997,” they explain.
“That also took quite a while to achieve, but eventually all of the criminal laws against gay people were removed.
“Until that was achieved, there really wasn't a possibility of moving in other fronts, such as the provision of anti-discrimination laws, marriage equality, or other matters of equality under the law. While [homosexuality] was criminalised, it was difficult to argue for those reforms.”
Kirby believes the next challenge will be in relation to discrimination against LGBTI people.
“The tasks remaining in Australia include strengthening the anti-discrimination laws, and responding to the demands of the so-called faith communities for exemption from anti-discrimination requirements,” they say.
“I think we're going to see a lot of this in the coming months.”
While we celebrate how far we've come in Australia, Kirby wants to see our focus expand to LGBTI rights in neighbouring countries as well.
“The countries of our region, which have a similar legal system inherited from Britain, continue to have criminal laws which stand as an impediment to securing the removal of all the other discriminatory laws against LGBTI people,” they say.
“We should, as informed citizens of Australia, who have gone through periods of discrimination that still continue in some respects, be concerned about and engaged with the countries of our region, which include some of the worst discriminators against LGBTI people in the world.
“In many countries in the world, they haven't even got to first base—in fact, in several countries, things are getting worse, in respect of the criminal law, and violence, and hostility.”
They note that Brunei has reintroduced the death penalty for gay sex, and LGBTI rights are being eroded in other places including India, Singapore, and Bangladesh.
“In these matters of fundamental human rights, you've got to be an internationalist,” they say.
“This is a really urgent task from the point of view of the global community.
“We're talking not about discomfort and injustice and inequality, we're talking about life, survival, and violent hostility.”
Looking to the future, Kirby sees LGBTI rights in Australia continuing on a positive trajectory, which should allow us to move towards global activism.
“The status and rights of young LGBTI people will continue to improve,” they say.
“I would say to young people who live a life in contact with the internet and with the global community that they should be more engaged with our region and with the world than their predecessors were, in particular with countries in Asia and the Pacific, because they are our neighbours.
“We have gone down the path, and we should be walking with them to ensure that they also secure the reforms that we have in Australia.”
UK outfit Windcat Workboats has deployed a new crew transfer vessel (CTV) at the 150MW Ormonde offshore wind farm in the Irish Sea.
Windcat 41 (pictured) is operating out of Barrow to support operations and maintenance at the wind farm.
Related Stories Element Power goes offshore
18 Apr 2018
Njord Offshore CTV aces exam
09 Apr 2018 The vessel is the company's second MK3.5 series, with at least three more planned, Windcat Workboats said.
Windcat 41 was designed by Pete Melvin and can carry up to 26 technicians at a top speed of 31 knots, the company added.
Windcat Workboats managing director Neil Clarkson said: “The result has surpassed the design expectations. The hull shape of the vessel which has been optimised for efficiency, comfortable sea keeping and performance has resulted in a highly efficient 23-metre vessel”.
Image: Windcat Workboats
Arizona announced over the weekend that the program had hired former Washington head coach Lorenzo Romar as associate head coach, with Romar replacing Joe Pasternack on staff. Pasternack is now the head coach at UC Santa Barbara.
“It's an exciting day for Arizona Basketball to be able to welcome Lorenzo Romar and their family to our basketball family,” said Arizona head coach Sean Miller. “Lorenzo's accomplishments in this game speak for themselves, including their successful tenure as the head coach at Washington for the last 15 seasons. However, their dedication to their players, passion for this game and impeccable character is what everybody that knows them loves about him. They will no doubt make a significant impact in all aspects of our basketball program as we continue to build and improve in all that we do.”
Romar spent a decade-and-a-half coaching at Washington, and while the Huskies struggled towards the end of their time in Seattle, they were arguably the most successful coach in the history of the program. That was largely due to the fact that they were able to recruit so well. They sent six players to the first round of the NBA Draft in the last six seasons — that doesn't include Isaiah Thomas — and if they hadn't been fired they could have very well ended up landing the No. 1 picks in the 2017 and 2018 drafts in Markelle Fultz and Michael Porter Jr.
A Southern California native, Romar is one of the nation's best recruiters, and their addition to a program that is already landing players like Deandre Ayton should be terrifying for west coast teams.
“Of all the potential opportunities that were out there for me, joining the Arizona program was the one that was the most appealing,” Romar said. “I truly believe Sean Miller is one of the best coaches in America. The opportunity to join him, their staff and the rich tradition of Arizona Basketball is something that I'm extremely excited about.”
Toronto police say four men are facing a total of 97 charges in an investigation into gun violence in the city's Regent Park neighbourhood.
They say the men were arrested on Monday after an officer saw four people, who appeared to be wearing clothing designed to disguise their identities, in a vehicle.
It's alleged one of the occupants got out of the vehicle carrying a handgun and fired in the direction of traffic and pedestrians, but it's not believed anyone was struck.
Investigators say a pursuit of the vehicle ended when it struck a police car, but not before it had collided with two taxis and driven down a sidewalk, narrowly missing pedestrians.
Journalist Arkady Babchenko is alive after reported murder
The Russian journalist was reported murdered yesterday, but has since spoken at a news conference in Kiev, where they apologised to their wife
SHARPSVILLE, Pa. (WYTV) – WYTV searched Pennsylvania's open court records Sunday to see Antonio Velazquez-Rupert's criminal background.
Velazquez-Rupert, 36, was arrested Saturday in Reading City on charges of homicide, kidnapping and custody interference.
Police located them following an incident in which they said they took their eight-month-old daughter, Ariella Downs, from a Sharpsville apartment where the baby's mother, 28-year-old Amanda Downs, was found dead.
From what we discovered, Velazquez-Rupert has been in and out of court — as well as jail — since they turned 18.
The former Reading resident has faced more than a dozen charges since 1998, including jail time for assault, theft and drug crimes.
They have been charged three separate times with assault and harassment, pleading guilty to one assault charge in 1998.
Their latest arrest came just three months ago in September when they were charged with simple assault. As of Dec. 9, they were awaiting a formal arraignment for that charge — for which they were out on bail — in Mercer County.
“It's the very beginning of the investigation,” said Chris Hosa, Sharpsville police chief. “The scene was processed, several pieces of evidence were collected. The next step is that the evidence will now be transported to the Erie crime lab for analysis.”
Pennsylvania State Police credit an “observant Reading citizen” for spotting Velazquez-Rupert's car Saturday afternoon around 3:30 p.m.
An amber alert was issued for eight-month-old Downs around 3 p.m. It stated that they might be with Velazquez-Rupert.
“Literally 38 minutes later, that vehicle was spotted and stopped by the Reading Police Department on a traffic stop,” said Gerald Smith, Sharon police chief said. “The subject is in custody and the baby is with family.”
It's a tragedy that has sent shock-waves through the small community of Sharpsville.
“Being that it is close-knit, when something like this happens, it is a shock,” Hosa said. “It's a shock to everyone.”
Velazquez-Rupert will be brought back to Mercer County.
According to Mercer County Corner John Libonati, the cause of Amanda Downs' death still has not been determined. Authorities tell us to expect more information to be released sometime Monday.
(KRON) — A heartbreaking story out of Arkansas: a young mother died while they were live-streaming on Facebook.
25-year-old Keiana Herndon was live-streaming from a friend's house Wednesday when something went terribly wrong.
The video starts out with their singing.
Herndon even puts the spotlight on their youngest of two kids.
They fall and the phone drops out of their hands, with them and their son off screen.
Viewers say they could hear Herndon struggling to breathe and their son scream in the background.
All the while, the number of eyes on their grew.
A state crime lab will try to determine what caused Herndon's death.
Police say they don't believe foul play was involved.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Agria Corporation ("Agria" or "the Company"), today issued the following statements regarding the delisting of its American Depositary Shares ("ADS" or "shares") from the New York Stock Exchange. Trading of the ADSs was suspended on November 3, 2016, and the shares were formally delisted on January 2, 2017.
In consultation with management, legal counsel, and other advisors, the Company's Board of Directors is in the process of evaluating the merits and costs of the alternatives for trading of its shares. The alternatives span a wide range, from becoming a private company to relisting on other trading venues in the US or other jurisdictions. The Board is considering many variables during this process, but holds as its primary objective a decision that is in the best interests of shareholders.
The Company intends to continue to communicate all material developments to its shareholders through normal channels, such as SEC filings and press releases. Unless and until the Company files a Form 15 with the SEC to terminate the registration of its securities and suspend its duty to file reports, the Company remains obligated to comply with all reporting obligations under SEC rules and regulations.
The Company wants to emphasize that current shareholders' ownership rights are completely unchanged. All shareholders retain the full rights of ownership in Agria Corporation, including but not limited to the right to vote on any matters put to a shareholder vote, and the right to any dividends or other distributions made by the Company.
Mr. Alan Lai, Executive Chairman of Agria, commented: "We appreciate our shareholders' patience as we weigh a number of conflicting factors that impact shareholders and chart the next course of action for our Company. Because the next steps will impact shareholders for some time, we are being deliberative and thorough in our decision-making process. I want to assure our shareholders that our highest priority is serving the best interests of the owners of the company. I am the largest shareholder of Agria, so the interests of our Board, management, and shareholders are tightly aligned."
About Agria Corporation
Agria is a global agricultural company with three principal business segments: Seed and Grain; Crop Protection, Nutrients and Merchandise; and Rural Services. The Seed and Grain segment is engaged in research and development, production and sale of a broad range of seed products and trading of seed and grain products globally. The Crop Protection, Nutrients and Merchandise segment operates an extensive chain of retail stores that supply farm input materials. The Rural Services segment provides livestock trading, wool trading, irrigation and pumping, real estate agency and other agriservices. For more information about Agria Corporation, please visit www.agriacorp.com.
Safe Harbor Statement:
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements, including the management's commentary, are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "confident" and similar statements. Agria may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its annual report to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Agria's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those risks outlined in Agria's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in this press release is as of the date of this announcement unless otherwise stated and Agria does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law.
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
The growth of the Catholic Church in East Tennessee may be most evident at Easter, when the Diocese of Knoxville welcomes its newest members – those who have participated in the Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults (RCIA), a process of conversion and study in the Catholic faith for catechumens and candidates coming into full communion with the Church.
In recent years, the Diocese of Knoxville has welcomed hundreds of new Catholics into the Church during Easter Vigil Masses at its many parishes.
The same was true for 2017, as more than 200 new Catholics joined the diocese.
At Sacred Heart Cathedral, Bishop Richard F. Stika received 26 new members during the Easter Vigil Mass on April 15.
Photo Gallery (Photos: Emily Booker)
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
WEST CHESTER, OH--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - AK Steel ( NYSE : AKS) announced today that it will implement an electrode surcharge for all stainless product shipments effective October 29, 2017. The addition of this surcharge is necessary due to the recent and significant increase in the cost of graphite electrodes, which are used in the production of stainless steel grades in the steelmaking operations of the company.
The monthly electrode surcharge amount will be the same for all stainless grades produced by AK Steel, and will be listed in the company's existing monthly surcharge publication. The electrode surcharge amount will be $13.20 per ton for shipments in November 2017.
AK Steel
AK Steel is a leading producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steel products, primarily for the automotive, infrastructure and manufacturing, electrical power generation and distribution markets. Through its subsidiaries, the company also provides customer solutions through carbon and stainless steel tubing products, die design and tooling, and hot and cold stamping. Headquartered in West Chester, Ohio (Greater Cincinnati), the company employs approximately 9,400 men and women at manufacturing operations across seven states (Alabama, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia), as well as Canada and Mexico. Additional information about AK Steel is available at www.aksteel.com.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Business urges guarantee for EU employees
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
The 4 Queens Resort and Casino is seen here in this undated photo. (FOX5)
An elderly woman was attacked and robbed at the 4 Queens Hotel in downtown Las Vegas early Wednesday morning, according to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police.
Police were called to the hotel at 1:26 a.m. The 81-year-old woman said they were opening their hotel room door when a man came to offer their help. Metro Police said when the door opened, they forced their way in, and punched the woman, breaking their jaw and nose. The man took their camera and purse, which held their ID, credit cards and cash, then fled the room in an unknown direction.
The woman was taken to the hospital with multiple fractures and a black eye, police said.
Police said no surveillance video matching the man's description was found.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
An aerial view of the Vatican with St. Peter's Basilica is seen in this file photo. The McDonald's opened Friday in the Pio Borgo district of Rome, about 100 yards from the Vatican State, the Catholic Press Agency reported.
A new McDonald's has opened up in a Vatican-owned building and not everyone is lovin' it.
The McDonald's opened Friday in the Pio Borgo district of Rome, about 100 yards from the Vatican State, the Catholic Press Agency reported Sunday.
While the opening was low-key, the move faced criticism when it was first announced. The "McVatican," as has it has been dubbed, will reportedly pay the the Vatican's property supervisor more than $30,000 a month to occupy the building's bottom floor.
Several senior cardinals also live in the building.
Sonali Bendre diagnosed with High Grade CANCER ! | FilmiBeat
In an official statement released by Sonali Bendre Behl, the actor says they have been diagnosed with high-grade cancer and they are currently undergoing treatment in New York.
They statement reads, "Sometimes, when you least expect it, life throws you a curveball. I have recently been diagnosed with a high grade cancer that has metastised, which we frankly did not see coming. A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful."
"I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me."
We hope Sonali Bendre recovers soon!
Medicare wants to change how it pays for treating heart attacks, broken hips
hello
Patrick Conway, director of the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation, poses for a photograph in the center's offices in Baltimore County, Maryland. Heart attacks and broken hips are the cause of much suffering as people grow older, and now Medicare is trying to change the way it pays for treatment to promote better quality and try to contain costs. Associated press/April 2016
WASHINGTON -- Heart attacks and broken hips cause much suffering and worry as people grow older. This year, Medicare wants to start changing how it pays for treatment of these life-threatening conditions, to promote quality and contain costs. Beneficiaries and family members may notice a new approach.
Hospitals and doctors in dozens of communities selected for large-scale experiments on this front are already gearing up. The goal is to test the notion that better coordination among clinicians, hospitals, and rehab centers can head off complications, prevent avoidable hospital re-admissions and help patients achieve more stable and enduring recoveries. If results back that up, Medicare can adopt the changes nationwide.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments are the latest development in a big push under the Obama administration to reinvent Medicare, steering the program away from paying piecemeal for services, regardless of quality and cost. It's unclear whether Donald Trump as president will continue the pace of change, slow down or even hit pause.
Trump's Health and Human Services nominee, orthopedic-surgeon-turned-member of congress Tom Price, has expressed general concern that the doctor-patient relationship could be harmed by Medicare payment changes seeking to contain costs. And the Medicare division that designed the experiments -- the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation -- is itself under threat of being abolished because it was created by President Barack Obama's 2010 health care law.
Some outside groups, including AARP, worry that Medicare may be moving too fast and that focusing on cost containment could lead to beneficiaries being shortchanged on rehab care.
Innovation center director Patrick Conway, who also serves as Medicare's chief medical officer, is plowing ahead nonetheless. "Delivery system reform and paying for better care are bipartisan issues," Conway said. And quality ranks ahead of cost savings in evaluating any results, they added.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments focus on traditional Medicare, which remains the choice of nearly 7 in 10 out of Medicare's 57 million beneficiaries. The cardiac experiment involves both heart bypass and heart attack patients. The trials join similar ongoing tests involving surgery for hip and knee replacement, as well as care for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
In the experiments, doctors, hospitals, and rehab centers get paid the regular Medicare rates. But hospitals are given responsibility for overall quality and cost, measured against benchmarks set by Medicare. If the hospital meets or exceeds the goals, it earns a financial bonus, which can be shared with other service providers. If the hospital falls short, it may have to pay the government money.
"Now your doctor and hospital are working together to make sure they are well coordinated," said Conway.
Under the old system, if a patient was discharged from the hospital after a heart attack, "they might hand you a piece of paper that said please follow up with your primary care doctor," Conway continued. "In this model, the hospital is going to have a strong incentive to make sure you follow up."
Overall, about 168,000 Medicare beneficiaries are treated for heart attacks in a given year, while 48,000 undergo heart bypass surgery for clogged arteries and 109,000 have surgery for broken hips.
Around the country, hospitals in 98 metro areas will be involved in the cardiac experiment. The hip surgery experiment involves 67 areas that are also part of Medicare's ongoing test with hip and knee replacements.
Areas in the cardiac test include Boston, as well as Akron, Ohio; Charleston, South Carolina; Fort Collins, Colorado; Utica, New York; and Yuma, Arizona. A smaller group of communities will be involved in a related experiment that pays hospitals for coordinating rehab care for heart patients. Although the benefits of cardiac rehab are widely recognized, only a small share of patients receives it.
The hip fracture test includes the Miami, New York, and Los Angeles metro areas, as well as Austin, Texas; Bismarck, North Dakota; Flint, Michigan, and New Orleans.
Hospitals are not happy with the changes, though doctors have generally been supportive. A big concern for hospitals is that Medicare requires mandatory participation by all the facilities in areas selected for these tests. But Conway says that's likely to lead to even better results. The idea is that hospitals will watch each other's performance closely, and the ones that have room to improve will try to catch the high achievers.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Five takeaways from the Treasury's deregulation report
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
The Big Ten seems as if it is destined to follow the ACC down the path of 20 conference games in the near future.
Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany told ESPN earlier this week that the conference is having discussions about whether or not to expand the league schedule, and Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo is quoted in the story as saying that “I don't think there's any question it's going to happen.”
This comes of the heels of the ACC announcing that they will be expanding to a 20 game conference schedule starting in the 2019-20 season.
On the surface, this does have some appeal. This will push the start of conference play up closer to Christmas and almost certainly before the turn of the calendar, meaning that the meat of college basketball's regular season will begin a week earlier for what is arguably the two most relevant and best conferences in the country. It's not necessarily a bad thing for college basketball to try and carve out a larger slice of college football's bowl season.
The problem is that a 20 game league schedule only makes it more difficult for high major programs to challenge themselves in non-conference play.
There are two factors at play here. For starters, more conference games means more potential losses, which makes it that much for difficult to convince coaches that may need to get to 20 wins to save their job (or hit an incentive in their contract) to schedule any quality out of conference opponents. But what will be more difficult to navigate is the requirements put on programs by athletic directors that mandate a certain number of home games during a season. A lot of revenue is generated for the athletic department by playing games at home, and most ADs require a specific number of home games on the schedule to bring in that revenue; and AD's job isn't just to get make their school's sports teams competitive, it is to make sure the athletic department operates in the black or as close to it as possible.
The number that is required differs from school to school, but the industry standard tends to be 16 homes games for the entire season. With an 18 game league schedule, nine are played at home, meaning that seven of the 13 non-conference games would have to be played at home to reach that quota. If there are 20 league games, 10 are played at home and six of the 11 non-conference games would have to be home games.
Now take Michigan State, for example. The Spartans are almost always going to be playing in an exempt event in November in addition to playing in the Champions Classic and the ACC/Big Ten Challenge. In a year where their exempt event has eight teams — like the Maui Invitational or the PK80 tournament in Portland this year — and the Spartans are given a road game in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge, their spot in the Champions Classic means that they suddenly are put into a position where their other six non-conference games must be played in the Breslin Center to hit 16 home games.
They aren't the only power conference school that will feel that schedule crunch, but other high profile programs (Kentucky, UNC, Duke, UCLA, etc.) will feel it as well, meaning home-and-home series between those programs will be less and less likely.
It also makes it that much more unlikely that teams from leagues like the ACC or the Big Ten would ever challenge themselves with a road game against anyone outside of their league, let alone a road game against a mid-major program.
So while it is a good thing to create more conference rivalry games and to reduce, as much as possible, the unbalanced schedules of the bloated power conferences in a post-realignment world, the toll that it will take on the non-conference schedule — further removing high-profile non-conference games from on-campus venues, where college basketball is meant to be played — may make this decision a net-negative in the long run.
Categories:
Tags:
FALLS Creek booms as a year-round resort is excellent news for the local economy, but has led to fierce competition for places at Falls Creek Primary School with up to 30 students without a place this winter.
Because of limited space and facilities the school is capped at 30 places.
The new demand means that a large number of local workers maybe forced to either drive their children to and from Mt Beauty each day, a 60km round trip, or split the family so that one parent can live with the children in the valley.
After months of negotiation the Education Department has now told parents their hands are tied, while member for Benambra Bill Tilley last week in Victorian Parliament called on the Education Minister James Merlino to intervene.
Damian Heman of Tawonga South is one of the parents who have been working to reinstate the bus service which used to carry secondary college students from Falls Creek to Mt Beauty until about six years ago.
“I have surveyed all the local schools and there are nearly 30 students who are in need of this service,” they said.
“I approached the Education Department who were very co-operative to begin with, and I thought they were working for a resolution of the problem but in the end they said it was department policy not to provide the bus because Falls Creek is not the students' permanent home.”
Four years after Taylor Swift tried to handle their groping allegation against a radio station DJ quietly, the pop superstar got a very public victory Monday with a jury's verdict that they hoped would inspire other women.
Jurors in U.S. District Court in Denver deliberated fewer than four hours to find that ex-radio host David Mueller assaulted and battered Swift during a pre-concert meet-and-greet in June 2013. Per Swift's request, jurors awarded them $1 in damages — a sum their attorney, Douglas Baldridge, called "a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
After Monday's verdict, Swift hugged their crying mom and thanked their attorneys "for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year-long trial process."
"My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard," Swift said in a prepared statement, promising to make unspecified donations to groups that help victims of sexual assault.
The six-woman, two-man jury also rejected Mueller's claims that Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, and radio liaison Frank Bell cost them their $150,000-a-year job at country station KYGO-FM, where they were a morning host.
On Friday, U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed similar claims against Taylor Swift, ruling Mueller's team failed to offer evidence that the then-23-year-old superstar did anything more than report the incident to their team, including their mother.
Mueller, who was seeking up to $3 million, denied Swift's allegation from the start and maintained their innocence after the verdict.
"I've been trying to clear my name for four years," they said in explaining why they took the singer-songwriter to court. "Civil court is the only option I had. This is the only way that I could be heard."
By the time Swift took the stand Thursday, they were more than angry. They were on a mission to eliminate any doubt about what happened, and they refused to sugarcoat their experience
During an hour of testimony, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified they never grabbed Swift, they insisted they were groped.
"He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him," Swift testified.
"It was a definite grab. A very long grab," they added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching them inappropriately, insisting they touched only their ribs and may have brushed the outside of their skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the only evidence besides the testimony.
In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below their waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after they were groped, they numbly told Mueller and their girlfriend, "Thank you for coming," and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because they did not want to disappoint them.
But they said they immediately went to their photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of them with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that they asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing their daughter, they said.
"We absolutely wanted to keep it private. But we didn't want them to get away with it," Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said they emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. They said they didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that "appropriate action be taken."
Aaron Hernandez went from NFL star to persona non grata after they were convicted of murdering Odin Llyod in 2013. Rumblings of the former New England Patriots player being gay came forth after they were imprisoned and now it appears that they struggled with their sexuality due to a two-part documentary that aired over the weekend on Oxygen.
TMZ Sports reports:
Aaron's college girlfriend, Alyssa Anderson, says they first learned Aaron had a relationship with a man while they were attending the University of Florida … but they denied it at the time. It was only years later that Hernandez cryptically acknowledged their suspicions were true.
George Leontire — an openly gay member of Hernandez's defense team — says they spoke with Hernandez at length about their sexuality and Aaron opened up like never before.
“This man clearly was gay,” Leontire said … “[He] acknowledged it. Acknowledged the immense pain that it caused him.”
Leontire added, “I think that they also came out of a culture that was so negative about gay people that they exhibited some self-hatred.”
Hernandez never spoke publicly about being gay. They were engaged to a woman, Shayanna Jenkins-Hernandez, and they had a daughter together.
In 2017, Hernandez killed themselves in prison just after the gay rumors continued to persist.
Part 1 of Aaron Hernandez Uncovered on Oxygen's website here.
—
Photo:
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how they viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how they responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," they told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
They said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," they said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," they noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said they were acting on behalf of the Islamic State, they could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
They said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet they were charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
The Trump administration is considering a plan to tax aluminum foil imports from China after finding that the country is heavily subsidizing aluminum foil.
Looming Aluminum Foil Tariffs
The Department of Commerce could impose a reciprocal 16.56 to 80.97 percent tariff on aluminum foil after the department discovered that the Chinese government supported aluminum producers.
“The United States is committed to free, fair and reciprocal trade, and will continue to validate the information provided to us that brought us to this decision,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement Tuesday. “The Trump Administration will not stand idly by as harmful trade practices from foreign nations attempt to take advantage of our essential industries, workers, and businesses.”
The Commerce Department won't make the countervailing duty decision, which allows the government to impose duties in order to create a more level playing field, until at least October 23.
The investigation into aluminum foil producer subsidies is not part of a broader investigation into China's aluminum trade that President Donald Trump initiated by executive order in March.
The Aluminum Association, a trade group representing foil producers which first complained about China's attempt to manipulate the aluminum market, was pleased with the administration's preliminary decision.
“U.S. aluminum foil producers are among the most competitive producers in the world, but they cannot compete against products that are subsidized by the Chinese government and sold at unfairly low prices,” Heidi Brock, the president and CEO of the association, told CNN.
Republished by permission. Original here.
Alex Tuch scored an early goal, and the Vegas Golden Knights went on to beat the San Jose Sharks 7-0 Thursday night in Game 1 of the Western Conference semifinals. (Photo: Vegas Golden Knights)
By W.G. RAMIREZ
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 33 shots for their third shutout of the playoffs, and the Vegas Golden Knights went on to beat the San Jose Sharks 7-0 Thursday night in Game 1 of the Western Conference semifinals.
Cody Eakin, Erik Haula and Jonathan Marchessault scored 1:31 apart early in the first period to get Vegas going. Alex Tuch, Shea Theodore, Colin Miller and James Neal also scored, Reilly Smith and William Karlsson each had three assists, and Marchessault and David Perron added two each.
Fleury, who improved to 5-0 in the playoffs, got their 13th career shutout in the playoffs - and second straight. They also blanked Los Angeles 1-0 in Game 4 of the first round.
The Golden Knights, the first team from the opening round to advance, showed no sign of rust after having nine days off since their first-round sweep over the Kings. From the opening puck drop, Vegas skated fast, its passes were crisp, and the players were in synch with one another. It has now outscored its opposition 14-3 in five games.
San Jose, which swept Anaheim in the first round, looked out of sorts by the time Vegas put its first three in the net just 6:02 into the game, and the Shakrs lost their cool early in the third period, when Evander Kane was ejected for cross-checking Pierre-Edouard Bellemare in the face after a whistle.
Martin Jones, who stopped 128 of 132 shots in the first round against the Ducks, was pulled a little more than three minutes into the second period after allowing five goals on 13 shots. Backup goalie Aaron Dell came in and finished with 19 saves.
It was the Sharks' worst loss in playoff history. Detroit blanked San Jose 6-0 in the 1995 Western Conference semifinals.
Eakin started the scoring barrage when they deflected Brayden McNabb's wrist shot from the point past Jones 4:31 into the game. Before the public-address announcer could trumpet the game's first goal, Haula finished Tuch's rush to the net 26 seconds later with a sniper past Jones to double Vegas' lead.
Marchessault made it 3-0 when they fired a shot from inside the circle past Jones, notching their first career playoff goal. Tuch capped the scoring in the opening period when they sliced through four defenders, made a swift move to their forehand for a wrist shot that beat Jones for a power-play goal.
Jones' night ended 3:28 into the second when Smith threaded a pass to Theodore, who promptly tipped it into the twine to give Vegas a 5-0 lead.
While Kane was called for a game misconduct, Joe Pavelski went off at the same time for slashing, giving Vegas a 5-3 edge on the ice. The Golden Knights took full advantage, as Miller's one-timer blazed past Dell to make it 6-0 at 4:32 of the third.
Neal, who had a goal overturned in the second period, extended the lead to 7-0 when they took Perron's pass and wrapped it around past Dell on the power play at 8:09.
NOTES: Vegas' four goals in the first period marked the fifth time this season it netted four in one period. ... It was the third time this season the Sharks allowed four goals in a period. ... No. 1 UFC featherweight contender Brian Ortega, who fill fight champion Max Holloway for the title on July 7, was in attendance.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Big Ten seems as if it is destined to follow the ACC down the path of 20 conference games in the near future.
Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany told ESPN earlier this week that the conference is having discussions about whether or not to expand the league schedule, and Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo is quoted in the story as saying that “I don't think there's any question it's going to happen.”
This comes of the heels of the ACC announcing that they will be expanding to a 20 game conference schedule starting in the 2019-20 season.
On the surface, this does have some appeal. This will push the start of conference play up closer to Christmas and almost certainly before the turn of the calendar, meaning that the meat of college basketball's regular season will begin a week earlier for what is arguably the two most relevant and best conferences in the country. It's not necessarily a bad thing for college basketball to try and carve out a larger slice of college football's bowl season.
The problem is that a 20 game league schedule only makes it more difficult for high major programs to challenge themselves in non-conference play.
There are two factors at play here. For starters, more conference games means more potential losses, which makes it that much for difficult to convince coaches that may need to get to 20 wins to save their job (or hit an incentive in their contract) to schedule any quality out of conference opponents. But what will be more difficult to navigate is the requirements put on programs by athletic directors that mandate a certain number of home games during a season. A lot of revenue is generated for the athletic department by playing games at home, and most ADs require a specific number of home games on the schedule to bring in that revenue; and AD's job isn't just to get make their school's sports teams competitive, it is to make sure the athletic department operates in the black or as close to it as possible.
The number that is required differs from school to school, but the industry standard tends to be 16 homes games for the entire season. With an 18 game league schedule, nine are played at home, meaning that seven of the 13 non-conference games would have to be played at home to reach that quota. If there are 20 league games, 10 are played at home and six of the 11 non-conference games would have to be home games.
Now take Michigan State, for example. The Spartans are almost always going to be playing in an exempt event in November in addition to playing in the Champions Classic and the ACC/Big Ten Challenge. In a year where their exempt event has eight teams — like the Maui Invitational or the PK80 tournament in Portland this year — and the Spartans are given a road game in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge, their spot in the Champions Classic means that they suddenly are put into a position where their other six non-conference games must be played in the Breslin Center to hit 16 home games.
They aren't the only power conference school that will feel that schedule crunch, but other high profile programs (Kentucky, UNC, Duke, UCLA, etc.) will feel it as well, meaning home-and-home series between those programs will be less and less likely.
It also makes it that much more unlikely that teams from leagues like the ACC or the Big Ten would ever challenge themselves with a road game against anyone outside of their league, let alone a road game against a mid-major program.
So while it is a good thing to create more conference rivalry games and to reduce, as much as possible, the unbalanced schedules of the bloated power conferences in a post-realignment world, the toll that it will take on the non-conference schedule — further removing high-profile non-conference games from on-campus venues, where college basketball is meant to be played — may make this decision a net-negative in the long run.
76ers President Used Fake Twitter Accounts to Criticize Their Own Players and Coach
Philadelphia 76ers president of basketball operations Bryan Colangelo was caught using five fake Twitter accounts to criticize players, leak sensitive information and share team strategy.
The accounts reportedly started posting back in April 2016 all the way up to last week and criticized players like former player Jahlil Okafor and current 1st round draft pick Markelle Fultz, coach Brett Brown and former general manager Sam Hinkie. The tweets also disclosed nonpublic medical information about Okafor and gossip about Joell Embiid and Fultz as well as defending Colangelo himself.
.After being asked about a link between all five accounts, the team released a statement from Colangelo:
“Like many of my colleagues in sports, I have used social media as a means to keep up with the news,” Colangelo said in the statement. “While I have never posted anything whatsoever on social media, I have used the @Phila1234567 Twitter account referenced in this story to monitor our industry and other current events. This storyline is disturbing to me on many levels, as I am not familiar with any of the other accounts that have been brought to my attention, nor do I know who is behind them or what their motives may be in using them.”
Twitter Fingers: 76ers President Was Caught Using Fake Social Media Accounts To Trash Their Own Players And Coach And Leak Information was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
× Joe's Weather Blog: Another cold shot of air + snow risks (SAT-2/3)
Good afternoon…mild and breezy out there as I start this weather blog on a bright Saturday afternoon. Temperatures are well into the 40s and approaching 50° as well…nicely above the average high of around 40° for early February. We should finish the day with highs into the 50s in KC…which is pretty OK. We also are getting wind gusts to near 30 MPH…so it will remain windy out there too. Obviously my attention is focused on the temperature switch for Sunday and the snow potential.
Forecast:
Tonight: Fair skies and turning colder towards daybreak with lows eventually dropping into the mid 20s. It should be noted that the evening will be mild overall with reading in the 40s. It won't be till around sunrise that the colder air moves into the area. Winds will be lighter too.
Sunday: Cold with a chance of some light snow or flurries. Highs only in the mid 20s in the morning then perhaps colder in the afternoon. In other words very little change in temperatures during the day or even some dropping temperatures. The snow shouldn't amount to much more than a dusting to coating in some areas but should remain under 1″ for just about the whole region. Variable clouds as well.
Monday: Pretty darn cold in the morning…near 5° then variable clouds, especially in the afternoon with chilly temperatures but a more seasonable day. Turning windy too as the day moves along. Highs well into the 30s
Tuesday: Turning colder again with a chance of snow…amounts are still VERY questionable however. It will be cold though with temperatures in the 20s
Discussion: (if you don't want to go through this…scroll to the bottom for preliminary thoughts)
I don't necessarily want to keep writing about the frustrations of getting real “snow” in the KC area This is now going on several winters and as mentioned numerous times in the blog…Sunday the 4th is the anniversary of our last “real” snow in the KC area…something as simple as getting more than 3″ of snow in 1 day has become near impossible and we've failed miserably at getting to this meager mark in KC over the last 4 years…and we won't tomorrow either.
The 12PM surface map shows our area in a rather strong SW wind flow…there is a trough to the west of here…denoted by the wind shift in dashed black lines and the real cold front is across the northern Plains…and if you look at the temperatures on the map, they're in RED…you can see the near 0° temperatures as of the noon hour up there too.
Later this evening when the winds initially shift towards the NW…there won't be a real cold air tap…but when the winds shift towards the NNW overnight that's when we tap into the nasty cold air to the north of the region this afternoon…so we get to experience another day on Sunday with a midnight high temperature…that seems to have happened more than a few times this winter as well.
Snow risk on Sunday:
We know it will be much colder…feeling some 30-40° colder in the afternoon especially but what about the snow risk? A weak disturbance will be coming southwards. Whatever snow it generates will be coming into the colder and drier air that will be in place on top of the area so the snow will be falling apart as it approaches later in the morning. Some snow is possible…tough to imagine getting more than 1/2″ or so in the KC area.
Tuesday's snow risk is still there…although it is still, like yesterday, very suspect. The benchmark thought for getting a “significant” snow is still VERY low in recent memory. Take a look at the snow stats over the last 4 years…showing the most snow in one calendar date in the KC area…
You can see the real snowstorm on 2/4/14…and then the crumbs. We did have 2.1″ on 1/14 this year practically half of seasonal total. Overall though there are a lot of nickle and dimers in there.
Will Tuesday be a nickle and dimer or something a bit beefier? Again it's too early to say…but the big issue that we're fighting is the lack of a strong disturbance and the potential of things being suppressed to the south of the area with us on the northern edge of something.
Let's start with the bad or good news depending on your perspective. The GFS model wasn't so great for snow locally although it wasn't terrible either. it just shows a very sharp cutoff to the snow…I don't want to show the snow totals map..but instead the accumulation of liquid equivalent. This occurs over the course of 24 hours from Monday night>Tuesday night.
You can see KC is on the northern fringe on this model…and any shift south would be no bueno for snow enthusiasts…and we're talking any shift south of 25+ miles or so. Areas farther south in the higher totals would also have some precip type issues for awhile on Sunday…some sleet would be possible cutting the snow amounts. Just north of that transition though there would still be heavy snow…shovel-able snow at that..again this would be just south of the I-70 corridor on this map.
The EURO model is somewhat more encouraging and hasn't changed that much today vs the overnight model. Yesterday it was giving us a big-time snow…it seemed unrealistic as I pointed out in the blog. Today it seems more reasonable…but…
Most of this would come in the afternoon and IF that heavier band which generates the totals ISN”T there or isn't as beefy as the model shows…we're not going to get much snow out of this…
Again the map above show the “liquid” precip totals over 24 hours ending Wednesday at 6AM. The indications though just from the map above..a significant snowstorm and because the model is so much colder in the atmosphere…it would pile up more efficiently as well.
Offhand I'm wondering IF the model is too cold above the surface and that may be a reason why it's being generous with the amounts of liquid which converted to snow creates much higher totals compared to the GFS model in the KC area. Just a thought.
I think this is manifesting itself when looking at the total available moisture it the atmosphere. While the times are different…12PM on the GFS model below and 6PM on the EURO model below that…you can see how on the GFS model there is a sharp cut-off to the amount of moisture in the atmosphere. There is a LOT of dry air in N MO. How much of that dry air sneaks southwards is an issue and a reason why there is such a sharp cut-off to the snow potential on the northside.
Again this is concerning because IF there is a slight shift south…again as I mentioned above…no bueno for snow lovers because we don't have any room for it as the drier air will then be on top of the I-70 corridor region.
The EURO doesn't have that dry source to the north as close to the KC area…
There is a difference IF you look closely…hence we have more moisture to work with with a weak system.
That too, the weakness of what we're working with, isn't a confidence builder either. This won't be a strong disturbance zipping through the region.
Here is one bonus though…note the GFS ensembles showing the same idea as the beginning maps of the blog (the liquid equivalent)…there are quite of few of them that are bullish…that is making me go hmmmm.
Conclusions:
Not the greatest set-up…weak and broken up waves are always a pain in the “you know what” to track and forecast which one will be the better precip generator. IF we can get the atmosphere to be colder…then the ratios would be better…the snow more powdery and the amounts would be higher with the fluffier snows Recent history is NOT on our side…it's not even in the same neighborhood…zip code…city…you get my point. A couple of years without a significant snow is one thing I guess…but 4 years…come on. The time of getting the heavier snows would more likely be towards before lunch Tuesday and into the afternoon…IF that doesn't happen…I don't think we get that much. The GFS ensembles are still somewhat bullish and even farther north than the operational…perhaps more aligned to the EURO model…this is why, at this point I can't discount a more significant snow for the KC area…for those farther north towards northern MO…this may not be a big issue. There isn't a lot of wiggle room here…a shift south by some 50 miles or so wouldn't be helpful IF you want some decent snow in KC Right now I think some areas in the viewing area get 3+” of snow…I just don't know where that will be.
That's it for today…not exactly the easiest thing to figure out and more twists and turns are likely over the next 48+ hours. Our feature photo comes from Carol Welty Poland‎ in Gladstone, MO. This isn't from 4 years ago…but from about 7 years ago to the winter of 2010-11
Joe
At The Kerala Box Office...
Bharat Ane Nenu has released in centres like Kochi multiplexes, Trivandrum Aries Plex and Kollam. According to a report by Forum Keralam, Bharat Ane Nenu has fetched approximately 5.51 Lakhs from its 3 days of run in various centres.
A Steady Increase
According to a Facebook post by Forum Keralam, there has been a steady increase in the collections of the movie from day 1. Reportedly, the film fetched 79k on its day 1 whereas the collections increased to 2.12 Lakhs and 2.59Lakhs respectively on its next two days.
Impact Of Telugu Movies At The Kerala Box Office
Telugu movies releasing in Kerala is not a common phenomenon. Usually, the dubbed version of Telugu movies make a huge impact at the Kerala box office. Some of the Telugu movies from the past have released as it is in Kerala and Bharat Ane Nenu have joined the list in style. With its decent run we definitely can expect more Telugu movies making a direct release in Kerala in the days to come.
Vishu Movies
It is being noted that all the major Vishu releases of the year are still in the theatres, especially at the Kochi multiplexes. Going by the collection report, it has to be said that Bharat Ane Nenu is performing strong in the theatres and holds a good prospect for a fine run ahead.
Secret Show Podcast for December 11th, 2017
WARNING: THIS SHOW CONTAINS EXPLICIT LANGUAGE AND IS NOT SUITABLE FOR WORK OR PEOPLE UNDER 18!
IT IS A WHOLE NEW SECRET SHOW WITH NO BLEEPS!
Several Listeners update us on their stories! Bad advice: One resentful woman needs help figuring out how to approach their sisters' gift ideas for their parents. Hooman submits their own Bad Advice scenario about an ex-girlfriend!
This Podcast is for ears 18 years of age and up only, thank you!
Secret Show 12.11.2017
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
President Donald Trump walks with Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar as they arrive for the White House Sports and Fitness Day event on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Susan Walsh AP Photo
Marcus Martin is a hero.
The Charlottesville protest survivor pushed their fiancée out of the way before being struck by the White Nationalist terrorist, who plowed their Dodge Challenger into a crowd of counterdemonstrators, during the violent neo-Nazi rally on Saturday, The Daily Mail exclusively reports.
Martin's wife-to-be, Marissa Blair, opened up about the life-threatening encounter saying, ‘He saved me then they were under the car.' A photo of Martin's body being catapulted through the air after the horrific attack went viral.
Speechless…… #IsThisOurCountry ??#PrayForCharolettesville #PRAYforourCOUNTRY #charolettesville A post shared by Tyron Woodley (@twooodley) on Aug 13, 2017 at 11:29am PDT
According to Blair, they and Martin were chanting “Whose streets? Our streets!” at the intersection when they heard a commotion. “It happened so fast. I felt myself shoved out of the way. [Martin] had pushed me out of the way,” they said.
‘It was so fast. All they could think was to push me. They saved me then they were under the car. I checked myself and then immediately thought, where's Marcus?”
Blair said they began searching for Marcus where the car had struck several people. “I saw their hat had blooded all over it but they aren't there. I found them with no blood on him.” Martin suffered a broken leg.
Martin and Blair returned to the location where they were struck and their friend, Heather Heyer died, to pay their respects to the fallen activist. Martin wore Heather's face on their shirt with a quote from their Facebook page that read, “If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention.”
Martin, Blair and Heyer were near each other when the attack occurred. Blair recalled they and Martin's ride to the hospital and hearing news a “heavyset woman” had succumbed to them injuries.
‘I started asking around but I knew that it was my friend Heather. They had been standing right in front of Marcus.'
Blair and Heather, 32, had been coworkers at the same law firm.
“What happened here is 100% wrong,” Martin told reporters on the scene. “It's a hate crime and Donald Trump won't call it that because it's what they believe in,” Martin added.
‘I'm still numb. My friend is dead. Heather was with us because this is what Heather believed in. They died standing up for what they believed in,” Blair said.
Heyer's family set up a GoFundMe, which has over $225,000 in donations.
RELATED STORIES:
Trump Refuses To Condemn White Supremacists In Virginia, Blames ‘Many Sides' For Violence
KKK Member Shows Up To Protest In Charlottesville, Virginia With Dreadlocks
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
NEW YORK (AP) — The suspect in a pipe bomb explosion in New York City's subway system at one point had a license to drive livery cars and for-hire vehicles.
Authorities have identified the attacker as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. The blast in an underground subway corridor during the Monday morning rush hour injured three people, as well as Ullah.
READ MORE: NYPD commissioner: Pipe bomb was terror-related
New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission says records show they had a for-hire license from March 2012 through March 2015. It then expired and wasn't renewed. At the time, a for-hire license did not allow someone to drive one of the city's yellow taxis.
The TLC says there are no records to indicate if they actually used the license to work as a car driver.
NYC Pipe Bomb Explosion View as list View as gallery Open Gallery This photo from a 2011 drivers license shows Akayed Ullah, the suspect in the explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Ullah is suspected of strapping a pipe bomb to their body and setting off the crude device under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, injuring themselves and a few others. (New York Department of Motor Vehicles via AP) Police block off a sidewalk while responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) A police officer stands guard in front of Port Authority Bus Terminal as law enforcement respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police stand guard in front of the Port Authority Bus Terminal near New York's Times Square following an explosion on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police block a street by Port Authority Bus Terminal near New York's Times Square following an explosion on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police secure Eighth Avenue outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Chuck Zoeller) Law enforcement officials work following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Law enforcement officials work following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to their body set off the crude device in a passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police stand guard in front of Port Authority Bus Terminal following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki)
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Question of the Week: October 5, 2017
“Neil, what has nipped the little branches off my pecan trees recently? They look like they've been cut with a knife.”
This is the work of twig girdler beetles. They're actually rather ingenious in how they carry on their life cycles, and lest you worry, they do almost no permanent harm to the plants.
The adult female beetle deposits eggs toward the ends of the twigs. They then moves back toward the trunk a few inches and scores the twig or small branch with their sharp mouthparts by cutting around and around in circles.
After a few weeks or months the twigs die and eventually fall to the ground. The eggs hatch, and the larvae develop within, and feed upon, the dead twigs.
Finally the adult beetles emerge, fly, mate and begin the process over again the next year.
Continued Below
Advertisement
Because the female is present on the host tree for only a short period of time, you would have to be spraying at the time they are actually there to have any hope of killing them And because they don't feed on the tree, insecticides you apply and leave behind would have no effect on them
Your only means of reducing the population would be to pick up the fallen twigs and destroy them or send them off to the landfill. However, there will be many more that will fly in from neighboring trees so you'll never really get rid of them.
So the shorter answer is: you can't do much to control them, and they don't do much to harm your trees anyway. You are freed to worry about something else.
Here is a good piece of information from the University of Missouri in case you'd like to see what a professional entomologist has to say.
Posted by Neil Sperry
Anne Marie D'Amico is the first identified victim of deadly van attack on a bustling Toronto street Monday that claimed the lives of 10 people and injured 15, according to CityNews.
Authorities are seeking assistance in identifying other victims.
Alek Minassian, 25, was taken into custody and appeared in court today, Tuesday charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. Canadian authorities do not believe the attack, where a rented Ryder van driven by Minassian leaped the curb onto the busy Yonge Street sidewalk and mowed down pedestrians over a 1.2-mile stretch. Police do not believe the attack was related to terrorism although they have yet to release a possible motive.
Here's a glimpse into D'Amico's life:
D'Amico Was Young, Happy, & Had a Full Life Ahead
A Toronto resident, D'Amico is one of three siblings and was the daughter of Rocco and Carmela D'Amico who live in the Davenport neighborhood just northwest of downtown Toronto. D'Amico went to Ryerson University. Although D'Amico had not updated their Facebook page since 2013, their Instagram account is set to private and their LinkedIn page is sparse, there are a few photos of the young woman with long dark hair and a huge smile. Them last post was about the Super Bowl.
Here's a then light-hearted and funny and now heart-wrenching video Anne Marie posted in 2010 of their performance at the Mr./Ms Reyerson contest.
“Here I am at the Ram, on a Wednesday night about to perform the talent portion of the Mr./Ms. Ryerson Competition. Talent: Singing the ABCs backwards, while breaking boards. Apparently it was a lethal combination. What you don't see in the video was my first board breaking (P for punch) where the board flew out of Arzan's hand and into the audience. I'm still not sure if anyone was hurt during this filming. Pay attention to the audience's applause before and after my talent. Sit back and enjoy the comedy!”
D'Amico's Father Said the Family is ‘Living the Worst Nightmare'
According to the Toronto Star, a government official in the community where their parents live, who is also a family friend, Councillor Cesar Palacio, said D'Amico was a friend of their daughter. Palacio said that while they and their family were devastated by the news, they spoke to D'Amico's father Rocco Tuesday morning and was told that the family's grief is unimaginable.
“It was clear that part of their life is gone,” Palacio said. “As they noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever in their life.”
In a statement, the family wrote, “Anne-Marie had a generous heart and always did big things for people. They wouldn't stop until they went the extra mile for others and that was manifested in their loving attention to detail. They genuinely wanted to care for all those around them even if it means sacrificing a portion of themselves in return for others happiness. They only had kindness in them Them name has been broadcast around the world attached to this terrible tragedy. But we want everyone to know that they embodied the definition of altruism. It comforts us knowing that the world has a chance to know them and we hope that in this time, people fight with the same altruism rather than anger and hatred. We ask that at this time your respect (of) our family's privacy as we come to terms with this tragic news.”
Grief, Shock, Remembrances, Tributes, & Condolences Are Shared by Friends on Social Media
In an emotional post, friend Brodie McDonald shared a happy memory and pain and grief.
“One of my fondest memories of you is of course, how you schooled everyone at the pool table in Sosua. You did it with a smirk and no words, which made it even funnier as all of the cockiness out of some of the fellas slipped away quickly as you sunk ball after ball.
“I am so angry at the world today and I am so sorry that this happened to you and as tears roll down my face thinking about the incredible person that you were, please know that you made a difference in so many peoples' lives. You were a rock, a champion, a soldier, a nurturer, a friend in Dominican… You were what we all needed, when we needed it.
“Your love for baseball is what brought you and me close, and it was to be our next meeting point in life as I was going to see you in less than three weeks when the Jays are hopefully going to pound the Red Sox in Toronto. Even though you won't be there, I'll hold a beer up for you my friend. Please rest easy…
“I'll leave you all with this – They were the only one to get a base hit during our little little baseball break in Dominican…”
Awful news pours in when you work at a news station, but this is the first to hit home. My @TennisCanada family lost one of its brightest lights & biggest hearts in Anne Marie D'Amico. I'm devastated for their family…a big, loving, tight-knit group. No words for this tragedy. pic.twitter.com/0FptJ40Ihc — Danielle Michaud (@CityMichaud) April 24, 2018
Arash Madani reminded people that D'Amico volunteered their time.
Among everything else Anne Marie D'Amico did in the life they were suddenly robbed of, Anne Marie was a Rogers Cup ball kid, then a volunteer. Loved the game, wanted to help, be a teammate. Them family has been part of that event for decades. Will be emptier without them this summer. https://t.co/sHnm4kYDA9 — Arash Madani (@ArashMadani) April 24, 2018
And friend Sarah Liberatore said D'Amico was “genuine.”
D'Amico Worked with Tennis Canada & Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto
“It is with the deepest sorrow that Tennis Canada confirms the passing of a member of its extended family this morning.
“Anne-Marie D'Amico, identified as one of the victims of the senseless van attack in Toronto yesterday, had been working at Rogers Cup since the age of 12.
“Anne-Marie started out as a ball girl and went on to become an integral part of the volunteer team, most recently serving as committee head of Stadium Control in addition to their full-time role with Invesco, a US-based investment management firm.
“Anne-Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016. They were always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of them own.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with Anne-Marie's family and with all those impacted by this tragic event,” said Gavin Ziv, the Vice President of Professional Events at Tennis Canada. “Anne-Marie lived for working at Rogers Cup and seeing their fellow volunteers each summer. The tournament was such a large part of their life and we were so lucky to have them on our team each summer. Them passion for Rogers Cup was contagious and we are honoured to let the world know what an amazing person they were and the great things they did for others.”
Anne-Marie D'Amico, one of the volunteers who made @rogerscup such a great event each year, was killed in the Toronto attack yesterday. https://t.co/MbCZ55w3rl — Steve Tignor (@SteveTignor) April 24, 2018
The Tennis Canada statement continues, “Anne-Marie's grandmother, mother, father and brother have all been volunteers with Rogers Cup and the D'Amico family have provided a combined 84 years of incredible service for the event.
"Anne-Marie's grandmother, mother, father and brother have all been volunteers with Rogers Cup and the D'Amico family have provided a combined 84 years of incredible service for the event.” What a gift of a family. — Courtney Nguyen (@FortyDeuceTwits) April 24, 2018
“Anne-Marie will be greatly missed by the Tennis Canada and Rogers Cup family, who will make plans to honour their memory and service to the tournament at this summer's event.”
It is with the deepest sorrow that Tennis Canada confirms the passing of a member of its extended family this morning.https://t.co/VyiyGrvkMM — Tennis Canada (@TennisCanada) April 24, 2018
Anne Marie was also a member of the Bow Valley Club, which posted its own condolences.
Horrified and deeply saddened we offer our condolences to the victims, families & friends of the Toronto assault including Anne Marie D'amico. They worked with Tennis Canada and the Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto. #torontostrong #peace #stoptheviolence #bvc #bowvalleyclub pic.twitter.com/LmucRPNzPv — Bow Valley Club (@BowValleyClub) April 24, 2018
A Volunteer With ‘Live Different,' D'Amico Was Honored & Mourned by the Charity
‘Live Different‘ is a “Canadian charity that exists to engage and empower youth toward a lifestyle of compassion and service.”
‘Live Different' describes itself as “passionate about positively affecting the lives of others through our motivational school presentations, our international humanitarian build experiences, our leadership academy program, and our on-going Live Different Projects.”
In this photo from ‘Live Different,' based on comments under it, this image is from a trip to the Dominican Republic.
Jenn Digiandomenico commented that “It was such a pleasure to work alongside Anne Marie in the Dominican. They were a beautiful soul, with a great sense of humour and a true love for life!
‘Live Different' has has offices in Hamilton, Ontario and Brandon, Manitoba and volunteers travel across Canada and to the Dominican Republic, Mexico, Haiti and Thailand.
D'Amico Worked at Invesco Canada. An Employee Said the ‘Workplace Has Been Devastated By the News'
Located on Yonge Street, Invesco Canada describes itself on LinkedIn as “an independent management firm dedicated to delivering an investment experience that helps people get more out of life. Official Investment Management Partner of the Toronto Blue Jays.”
A statement provided to CBC from company president Peter Intraligi confirmed their death.
“Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those impacted by this tragic event. I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to their injuries. Out of respect for them and their family, we will not be providing any further comments.”
A co-worker told CBC that D'Amico was “full of life, loved to travel, loved to help volunteer.”
Jon Tam was a colleague of Anne Marie D'Amico, the first person to be identified as a victim in the van attack. Tam told @cbchh that D'Amico was a "very happy person, always smiling." More on D'Amico here: https://t.co/54uFiKpQ7C pic.twitter.com/1VcXErznr9 — CBC Toronto (@CBCToronto) April 24, 2018
In an interview, Jon Tam said D'Amico was “a very warm, friendly presence in the office. Always smiling I'll definitely be missing seeing that smile around the office.”
Janet Napolitano, president of the University of California system and former Secretary of Homeland Security under President Barack Obama, will visit and speak at Cuesta College on Monday.
Napolitano's talk, sponsored by the San Luis Obsipo Chamber of Commerce, is open to the public and scheduled from 5 to 6:30 p.m. in Room 5401 on the main campus in SLO.
The event will cost $15 for members of the San Luis Obispo Chamber of Commerce and $25 for non-members. Seating is limited, and registration is on a first-come, first-serve basis.
Chamber of Commerce President/CEO Ermina Karim will moderate the wide-ranging community conversation.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Topics will include: today's charged political climate and the UC's new center on free speech and civic engagement; increasing opportunities for public education in a diverse and changing state; and Napolitano's work defending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program (DACA) and promoting cross-border ties with Mexico.
Napolitano was the primary architect of DACA during their four years as Secretary of Homeland Security.
Napolitano's day-long visit also will include a tour, lunch with faculty, discussion with college administrators and regional educational dialogue with local K-12 leaders and representatives from Cuesta College, Allan Hancock College and Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo.
Napolitano also will discuss a new agreement between UC and the California Community Colleges to extend a system-wide guarantee of admission to all qualifying CCC students.
As UC president since 2013, Napolitano leads 10 campuses, five medical centers, three affiliated national laboratories and a statewide agriculture and natural resources program.  They are the first woman in the position.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
0:51 Jerry Brown: Raising minimum wage moral, though 'may not make sense'
OTTAWA — The Supreme Court of Canada says records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed.
The unanimous high court ruling today brings clarity to an issue that pitted the privacy of victims against the importance of documenting a dark chapter in Canada's relations with Indigenous Peoples.
Students provided accounts of physical, sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation — a program that flowed from a major 2006 settlement agreement.
The Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that said the material should be destroyed after 15 years, though individuals could agree to have their stories preserved at the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation in Winnipeg.
The federal government unsuccessfully argued the documentary record must be fully preserved to ensure what happened at the residential schools is never forgotten.
It said federal laws governing access to information, privacy and archives provide the proper balance for safeguarding the records of historical value while protecting individual privacy and confidentiality.
The Canadian Press
iStock/Thinstock(RIYADH, Saudi Arabia) — Cinemas are set to open in Saudi Arabia in March 2018 for the first time since they were banned in in the early 1980s, according to the Saudi minister of culture.
“It's a beautiful day in Saudi Arabia!” tweeted Haifaa al-Mansour, the first female Saudi director of a feature film, the acclaimed “Wadjda”.
This is the second major social reform, after the lifting of the ban on women driving, announced in recent months as part of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's “Vision 2030”, a socioeconomic program aimed at modernizing the Saudi economy and shepherding the conservative kingdom into the 21st century.
“This is the best news! I've been waiting for it for 33 years” said Nahar Alhamrani, a self-described movie fanatic from Jeddah. “It will spark creativity and help build a change in people's mindset.”
Cinemas existed in Saudi Arabia until they were banned in the early 1980s after a puritanical religious establishment gained control over social and educational affairs in the country.
“Today, the organized Islamist undercurrents that thrived in the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s no longer have influence in society,” said Mohammed Alyahya, a nonresident fellow at The Atlantic Council.
Back then, “young and old people traded DVDs, downloaded movies and visited Bahrain to watch movies. The reintroduction of movie theaters is long overdue” added Alyahya.
A multimillion-dollar bootleg industry flourished as a result. Saudis amassed large collections of pirated DVDs of the latest Hollywood blockbusters, circumventing both the ban and censorship. It's this revenue that the decision today also aims to recapture.
“Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification,” said Minister of Culture Awwad Alawwad. “By developing the broader cultural sector, we will create new employment and training opportunities, as well as enriching the kingdom's entertainment options”
The Saudi cinema industry is still nascent but has been receiving more attention over recent years with breakthrough movies like “Wadjdah” and “Barakah meets Barakah.”
In September, it was announced that Saudi actor Ahd Kamel will star in the Netflix series “Collateral.”
“Born a King,” a coming-of-age story about the teenager who would become King Faisal, wrapped filming last month. It is the first Saudi English-language feature film officially licensed to be shot in the kingdom.
The announcement by the ministry of culture did not specify whether seating in cinemas would be gender-segregated as most public spaces are in Saudi Arabia or how heavily censored movies will be. Films are usually greatly censored with pixelation added to cover the chest and legs of actores, as seen on a recent Saudi Airlines flight. Regulations are expected to be announced in the coming weeks.
Multiple malls currently being built had already received licenses to build multiplexes before today's announcement.
By 2030, over 300 cinemas with 2000 screens are expected to have opened across Saudi Arabia.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The Dow closed down 666 points, or 2.5%, its biggest percentage decline since the Brexit turmoil in June 2016 and steepest point decline since the 2008 financial crisis.
A strong jobs report showed wage growth is finally starting to pick up. That's great news for workers, but it reinforced investors' concern about inflation and the bond market.
“It's all about rates. Asset prices and the economy have become addicted to low rates,” said Peter Boockvar, chief investment officer at the Bleakley Financial Group. “Sentiment got euphoric. There is more froth that needs to be taken off.”
The sell-off knocked the Dow well below 26,000. Both the Dow and S&P 500 suffered their biggest weekly drops since early 2016 — roughly 4% each.
Political turmoil is adding to the uncertainty. Market analysts pointed to the clash between the Trump administration and the FBI as another concern.
“There looks like a breakdown of the institutions in our country,” said Ian Winer, head of equities at Wedbush Securities. “No matter what side you're on, that's not good.”
While the point decline on the Dow was large, it paled in comparison with the scary days of the financial crisis. Friday's decline was 2.6%. The Dow plummeted nearly 8% on a single day in October 2008.
The stock market is much calmer these days, thanks to a strong economy, record corporate profits and the huge business tax cut enacted by President Trump and Republicans in Congress.
Even with this week's slump, the S&P 500 is just 3.5% below its all-time high.
But the tranquility that has defined Wall Street's stunning rally since the election has been punctured. The VIX, a measure of market volatility, has soared 50% this week.
January's jobs report didn't settle the market down. The economy added 200,000 jobs in January, and wages grew at the fastest pace in eight years.
But if wages grow too fast, they could eat into Corporate America's record profit margins.
The other concern: Wage growth could be a sign that inflation, which has been mysteriously low for years, may heat up. That would force the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster than investors may be comfortable with.
Those worries are showing up in the bond market. The 10-year Treasury yield reached a four-year high of 2.84% on Friday. It was at about 2.4% at the start of the year.
Some investors are worried rates could climb high enough to slow the economy by raising borrowing costs. They also worry that higher returns on bonds will make stocks look less attractive by comparison.
“Those rising rates are making it harder to say there is no alternative to stocks,” said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds.
Former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan said this week that both stocks and bonds are in a “bubble.”
Of course, this week's slide does little to dent the overall gains the market has achieved since President Trump's victory. The Dow and the Nasdaq have climbed more than 40% apiece since the 2016 election. The S&P 500 has advanced for 10 consecutive months. That hasn't happened since 1959.
Even stock market bulls have long said that a pause — or even a dip — would help prevent the market from overheating.
“We've just gone too far, too fast,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at B. Riley FBR. “We had this perfection of 2% higher every week — and that really is just not reality.”
Some market analysts said the political controversy over the release of the disputed GOP memo is rattling Wall Street.
“You've got trouble in the Department of Justice and the FBI at the senior level,” said Jeffrey Saut, chief investment strategist at Raymond James.
“It all hit when the market was ready to go down anyway. It just accelerated it,” Saut said.
Wedbush's Winer said the biggest risk is that Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating Russian interference in the election, is fired.
“If Bob Mueller is challenged in a firing, or a prelude to a firing, then you're going to have a problem,” they said.
Other market analysts think Friday's drop has little to do with Washington.
“We're not drawing a connection between the political headlines and the market. Valuations for stocks are high, and we were due for a pullback,” said Luke Tilley, chief economist for Wilmington Trust.
The latest corporate earnings, which typically drive stock prices, left the markets unimpressed.
Shares of Google parent Alphabet slumped 5% even after the tech behemoth posted its first $100 billion sales year. Disappointing iPhone sales left Apple down 4%. ExxonMobil was the biggest loser on the Dow on Friday, sinking 7% after its results widely missed expectations.
“You've had a stock market that's gone absolutely crazy based on tax reform juicing earnings,” said Winer. “And numbers are coming in that are OK, but not blowing the doors off.”
The question now is whether this market turmoil will persist into next week, or whether investors have been waiting on the sidelines come in to buy after the dip.
Tilley said their team expects there will finally be a full-blown correction — a 10% pullback from the recent highs.
“But don't expect a bear market unless there's an actual downturn in the economy,” Tilley added.
(©2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. By Matt Egan and Chris Isidore)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- Tenants at a KCK apartment complex were hot, sweaty and fed up when they contacted FOX4 for help. They went without air conditioning all month.
This has been the second hottest May on record, according to the National Weather Service. The average high this month was 84 degrees.
The residents at Crossline Towers said they've been through hell trying to find relief from the heat. After FOX4's visit, the air was back on.
"When you've got breathing problems, you need cool air," Teresa Evans said.
Them life was miserable all month because of the lack of air condition in the high-rise apartment on North 7th Street and State Avenue.
"They do this every year," they said.
The 61-year-old, who suffers from emphysema and COPD, relied on fans to keep them cool.
"It's hard to breathe," they said. "You can't sleep. Even when you get a little sleep, you wake up and feel tired and wore out. You just feel horrible."
When FOX4 visited Evans on Tuesday afternoon, temperatures inside their unit were in the mid-90s.
"It doesn't get cool until about 3 in the morning," they said.
Jessie Ware lives two stories up from Evans.
"I'm standing outside because it's actually cooler outside than it is in the building," Ware said.
They have congestive heart failure and said the more tenants complained, the nastier management became.
"We`ve been trying and begging them to get it fixed," they said. "Everybody is paying their rent, but they`re just throwing us around in circles."
So FOX4 Problem Solvers went to visit management. KCK-based Hughes Development operates the building.
When FOX4's Zac Summers went to the manager's office, which is inside the same building, they had air conditioning. The property manager said the company's owner told them to shut it down until the tenants had air. They wouldn't say why that never happened.
But Property Management Director Jan Kennedy did say there was an issue with the power to the air conditioning chiller and blamed part of the delay on the Kansas City Board of Public Utilities.
They added that the building, which is more than 50 years old, has a two-party heating and cooling and that they have to wait until the heat is completely off until they can turn on the air conditioning.
"It's always, 'We got to order a part,' or lately it's BPU or an electrical issue," Evans said.
A BPU spokesperson told FOX4 the outage had nothing to do with the utility company and suggested the maintenance team at the property didn't prepare properly ahead of the steamy temperatures.
"It's an unrespectable living situation," Ware said.
Kennedy said management advised tenants of the issues and provided fans, but Evans and Ware said that wasn't enough, considering how long the problem went unresolved.
"It's sad. They're quick to rush you to pay your rent, but won't fix anything in that building," Ware said.
"If I had money to move back to my old high-rise, I'd be so happy," Evans said.
The air conditioning at Crossline Towers came back on Wednesday around 1 p.m.
(Photo By Sthanlee B. Mirador)
Ayesha Curry took to Instagram to announce that they are pregnant with the couple's third child.
The picture was of Ayesha in a white shirt that read “Preggers” with the caption, “Heyyyy how did this happen?! Curry party of 5. Feeling very blessed… and very sick. Yippie! #curryfor3.”
The new baby will join their two older sisters: Riley, aged 5 and Ryan, aged 2.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Attacks on cities are assaults on urbanity itself
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Netflix's 'creepy' tweet reminds us all how closely it's watching us
hello
FILE - In this Friday, Jan. 17, 2014, file photo, a person displays Netflix on a tablet in North Andover, Mass. Amazon is taking on Netflix and Hulu with a stand-alone video streaming service. Starting the week of April 18, 2016, customers can pay $8.99 a month to watch Amazon's Prime video streaming service. Previously, the only way to watch Prime videos was to pay $99 a year for Prime membership, which includes free two-day shipping on items sold by the site. The video-only option won't come with any free shipping perks.
Netflix sent out a tweet Sunday that roasted a subset of its most devoted users over an open fire: those who are obsessively watching its heavily promoted holiday movie "A Christmas Prince." The snarky tweet got some laughs, but it has also stirred up some backlash -- and made some of the company's subscribers begin to consider just how closely Netflix is watching its users.
To the 53 people who';ve watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you? — Netflix US (@netflix) December 11, 2017
"To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you?" the tweet said.
While the tweet was clearly intended as a joke, it didn't sit well with some customers who found the message "creepy."
"This is amazing. Except for the 'watching us like big brother' part," one Twitter user wrote in reply.
Of course, people who watch Netflix should expect that the company knows both what you're watching and how frequently you watch it. How else could the company get super-specialized recommendations for you, such as romantic period dramas based on books? But what seems to have struck a nerve is that Netflix is using information to share viewing habits publicly.
The tone of the message is also drawing criticism. Netflix, after all, produced and promoted the movie, which is in the vein of an uplifting, unapologetically cheery Hallmark film. Shaming its subscribers, even in jest, for a feel-good film meant to cheer up its viewers didn't sit well with everyone. One user even compared the tweet to "bullying."
Many other reactions were lighter, with several people taking the opportunity to say that Netflix itself was hurting them -- either by pulling their favorite shows or with its disappointing selection.
Netflix has kept up the snark in its replies, though the person running the account has also reassured some users that their viewing habits aren't worth shaming them over. Netflix didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the reaction to the tweet, which has been retweeted about 66,000 times and liked 259,000 times and has drawn 4,000 replies.
The tweet was very similar to a campaign that music-streaming service Spotify ran last year, in which it shared insights from consumer data -- not naming its users, but sometimes noting individual accounts. For example, among other such ads, the campaign called out a single person with a billboard that said: "Dear person who made a playlist called: 'One-Night Stand With Jeb Bush Like He's a Bond Girl in a European Casino.' We have so many questions."
Marketing messages like this don't violate companies' privacy policies, said Bradley Shear, a lawyer specializing in privacy and social media. Netflix may be sharing viewing information, but not in specific ways -- they're not revealing, for example, that customer John Doe or Jane Doe is watching "A Christmas Prince" on repeat.
Still, they said, the surprise over the tweet is a reminder that people aren't always fully aware of what they're agreeing to when they click "accept" on a company's terms and conditions.
"People really need to become more cognizant of what data companies are collecting," Shear said.
Just 14 years old, Braylee Cowan has already won more than 70 awards and thousands of dollars in scholarship money.
Rotarians have continued their support to a sailing club for disabled people with another cash donation.
Rotary Bakewell has a long-established connection with Carsington Water's Sailability scheme and rotry president Lorraine McGlone recently awarded it with a £500 cheque.
Sailability offers people with varying degrees of disability the chance to experience the freedom of sailing on the reservoir.
Over the years Bakewell Rotary's support has enabled the club to purchase of several boats.
The race for the U.S. Senate seat in Texas may be closer than some thought. A new Quinnipiac Poll shows the race between Ted Cruz, right, and Beto O'Rourke, left, is in a dead heat. O'Rourke - AP / Cruz - Star-Telegram archives
Suriname grapples with solutions for Guyanese-dominated fishing sector
Authorities in Suriname are continuing to brainstorm how to handle Guyanese fishermen there.
That nation's fishing sector, until now, has over the years remained one that was largely unregulated.
The situation came to a head over a month ago when fishermen, in an apparent turf war, attacked four fishing vessels; beating, chopping and dumping the crewmen overboard.
At least 11 persons remain missing with four bodies recovered. Only five survivors made it to shore.
It was one of the deadliest and most shocking incidents of its kind, with the police working on the theory that the attack stemmed from a feud and drive-by shooting murder of a boat owner, a Guyanese who lived in Suriname.
Nineteen of the 20 fishermen were Guyanese. The attackers were also said to be Guyanese.
Both the attackers and the fishing crews were said to be living between Suriname and Guyana.
The problem was identification. Authorities complained that they were unable to immediately identify the missing fishermen from the attack.
Fishermen were turning up for work on boats without the immediate need for identification.
Guyana and Suriname have been investigating the incident with worried families and fishing authorities involved, as the fallout continues.
Minister of Public Security, Khemraj Ramjattan, and a team of police officers had journeyed to Suriname, with that country sending a delegation to conduct investigations here.
Suriname media entity, the De Ware Tijd, reported yesterday that the fishermen's association met with Minister Soewarto Moestadja van Arbeid and talked about improving the working conditions of fishermen and lifting the illegality of foreigners on fishing boats.
The report said that from indications, the fishermen working on the boats in Surinamese waters are almost 100 percent Guyanese and are without work permits. This is in violation of the Work Permit for Aliens Act.
It appeared that from accounts, there were abuses in the field of labour in this sector.
For example, the licence holder of the boat appears to be the client who outsources the work to a contractor who in this case is the captain. The captain in turn enters into an oral agreement with sub-contractors who are fishermen.
Since there is little or no interest among Surinamese in fishing, the captain recruits the fishermen in Guyana. The arrangement is one of business partners, rather than employer-employee relationship.
There were suggestions to remove the illegality by ensuring regularization of the Guyanese fishermen and improvement of working conditions on the fishing boats.
A straphanger was slashed in the neck on an E train in Manhattan early Saturday, police said.
The suspect knifed the victim, 33, around 5 a.m. on the southbound train near 14th Street and 8th Avenue and fled, according to cops.
It's unclear why the man was targeted.
The 5-foot-9, 165-pound attacker was wearing a winter face-mask and had a spiky hairstyle, cops said.
The victim was taken to Bellevue Hospital in stable condition.
Our viewers have been sending in photos of the snow that fell Monday morning.
If you have a photo you would like to share, you can post it to our Facebook page by following this link.
Designed to cover everything from small conference rooms to large lecture halls, the six new REALiS LCOS projectors arrive with six interchangeable Genuine Canon lenses designed to minimize brightness loss.
Canon continues to expand its line of projectors with the six new models now announced, which join the REALiS LCOS projector lineup. The REALiS WUX5800Z, WUX6600Z, and WUX7000Z Laser Projectors and the REALiS WUX5800, WUX6700, and WUX7500 Lamp Projectors offer users WUXGA (1920 x 1200) high resolution, high brightness ranging from 5800-7500 Lumens and versatile connectivity including HDMI and DisplayPort terminals – all in an enhanced, durable compact body.
The newly designed models are also complemented by a centered lens mount that fits six interchangeable Genuine Canon lenses, including a unique Ultra Short Fixed Lens RS-SL06UW with an impressive short throw ratio (0.54:1) and large vertical lens shift (-15 percent ~ +75 percent) for, adds Canon, “outstanding installation flexibility.”
“These new projectors showcase Canon's commitment to its customers and the greater AV industry, as many of the new enhancements are a direct result of feedback integrated with core Canon features of high image quality and compact size,” said Yuichi Ishizuka, president and COO, Canon U.S.A., Inc. “We plan to continue to nurture and grow our projector product line to include new technologies and designs to better optimize what is most important to integrators and end users alike.”
The new projector models share common technologies and features, from a resolution of 1920 x 1200 (WUXGA) to que quality of images, based on Canon's LCOS technology with AISYS-enhancement, which incorporates three WUXGA high-resolution panels, combined with an advanced color management system allow the reproduction of bright, highly detailed and color-accurate images.
The three laser projectors, REALiS WUX5800Z, WUX6600Z and WUX7000Z, offer brightness of of 5800, 6600 and 7000 lumens, and the three new Lamp models – REALiS WUX5800, WUX6700 and WUX7500 – offer brightness of 5800, 6700 and 7500 lumens, respectively. All units ofer a compact design with center lens mount, which is ideal for multi-projection and stacking, The new one-touch robust “spigot type” center lens mount system helps ensure lenses can be quickly and securely installed to meet a wide range of applications including those used in demanding environments.
In terms of connections, these models include multiple industry-standard interfaces including HDMI, DisplayPort and DVI-I, as well as HDBaseT for enhanced installation flexibility and Wi-Fi connectivity – which can be used to operate the projector's Network Multi Projection (NMPJ) function and Canon Service Tool for PJ free app.
The WUX5800Z (5800 lumens), WUX6600Z (6600 lumens) and WUX7000Z (7000 lumens) are powered by a laser phosphor light source which provides long-life lasting operation of up to 20,000 hours, and all projectors are equipped with a “Longer Duration Mode” – Longer Duration mode exhibits between 20% – 70% of luminance output – which is capable of achieving up to 40,000 hours of operation. Additional features include 360-degree installation on any axis, fast boot uptime of approximately two seconds, wide color gamut and HDR compatibility for reproducing content with outstanding high contrast.
The WUX5800 (5800 lumens), WUX6700 (6700 lumens) and WUX7500 (7500 lumens) utilize a traditional lamp light source and achieve superb quietness at only 27 dB, suitable for installation environments that demand minimal noise such as schools, hospitals and art galleries.
Equipped, as mentioned above, with a simple, one-touch spigot mounting system, these projectors can utilize the six new Genuine Canon lenses – RS-SL06UW, RS-SL03WF, RS-SL05WZ, RS-SL01ST, RS-SL02LZ and RS-SL04UL -, which all exhibit low distortion and offer flexible lens shift that helps support multi-stacking, blending and a variety of other advanced applications. These lenses have also been designed to help minimize brightness loss, thus eliminating the need to over-specify projector brightness to compensate for wide or long throw lenses, which can sometimes experience significant drops in brightness.
The Canon REALiS Laser LCOS Projectors are currently listed at the suggested prices: WUX5800Z ($8,749.00) WUX6600Z ($9,349.00) and WUX7000Z ($10,199.00) The Canon REALiS Lamp LCOS Projectors have the suggested list prices of WUX5800 ($5299.00), WUX6700 ($5,799.00) and WUX7500 ($6,449.00)
All models are scheduled to be available through authorized Canon dealers by April-June 2018.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Vice President Mike Pence will attend Sunday's Indianapolis Colts game, according to their office.
Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers will feature the retiring of Peyton Manning's No. 18 jersey. The game is set to start at 1 p.m.
Pence is scheduled to come to Indianapolis from Las Vegas, where they will participate in the mayor's faith initiative unity prayer walk Saturday.
Pence will travel to California on Sunday to participate in a tax reform event and space council event.
The Montage Los Cabos opens this month on Santa Maria Bay in Los Cabos, Mexico. The boutique hotel features 122 guest rooms, suites, and villas, situated on a 39-acre campus on the beach. The location enables the hotel to offer multiple watersports in the calm waters of the Santa Maria Bay, including walk-in snorkeling and scuba diving, an unusual amenity in an area often known for strong currents. Rooms are designed in desert tones using local materials, and many feature private pools and balconies overlooking the Sea of Cortez. Guest rooms range from nearly 900 square feet to 2,696 square feet.
The property will offer 6,100 square feet of event space and oceanfront outdoor terraces, and several dining options focusing on authentic Mexican food. A Master Tequilero will be on hand to create unique Tequila tastings for guests.
There is a 20,000-square-foot, multilevel main pool on the property, a Montage signature spa located around another swimming pool with private treatment rooms and cabanas, two tennis courts and guest access to the adjacent Fred Couples Signature Golf Course at the Twin Dolphin Golf Club.
St. Paul Restaurant Ward 6 To Close This Weekend The restaurant's owner Bob Parker said they have been struggling financially for the past couple of years.
Best Kids Menus In MinnesotaMore family friendly restaurants are featuring children's menus. Most menus for youngsters, however, are overloaded with simple carbohydrates, salt, saturated fats and sugar. Parents often pick carefully through a menu to choose something nutritious and kid pleasing. To make dining out easier on adults with children, we've come up with a few menu picks that hopefully hit the spot.
Dave Bear
Administrator
Dave Bear, the new Swap Shop Host! Dave has been in radio for a while. Their first job was hosting a Swap Shop program in Craig, CO in the the late 70's. Most recently they co-hosted the morning show on our sister station STAR 94 FM, and helped with the creation of the Shopping Show on KNCO and former sister station KUBA in Yuba City. Dave worked at KUBA for 25 years in various capacities and has lived there for nearly as long. Dave has a big family and enjoys all their kids and now grandkids. Their hobbies include woodworking, and you can see their work by checking out their website www.2bearswoodshop.com.
Read more: The battle to ban plastic bags
Recently, Prince Edward Island took the big step to announce new legislation to make it the first province to ban SUP shopping bags. Seattle is the first major U.S. city to ban the use of plastic drinking straws.
Government support
Canada is planning to adopt a zero-waste strategy, and we recently heard more about these details in the non-binding G7 Ocean Plastics Charter, which was agreed to by five of the seven participating nations and the European Union (EU). However, neither the United States nor Japan signed the voluntary agreement.
National and international organizations have also made recent announcements about how to reduce and improve recycling, but all have committed to widely varying timelines to achieve these goals.
Read more: An international plastics treaty could avert a 'Silent Spring' for our seas
For example, the United Nations Environment Programme (with support from 42 governments), declared a fight against plastics, announcing their global Clean Seas campaign in 2017 to eliminate major sources of marine debris by 2022.
The following year, the European Commission (EC) adopted the first Europe-wide strategy on plastics, aiming for all plastic packaging in the EU to be reusable or recyclable — but not until 2030.
Lagging behind the international community, the United Kingdom announced it will eliminate “avoidable” plastic waste by 2042 — almost a generation away!
Meanwhile, Canada has also been soliciting comments and ideas on ways to reduce plastic pollution and improve recycling.
Corporations lead the way
With governments setting unambitious targets, it seems that large corporations are now showing leadership by listening to consumers who are demanding less SUPs in their packing and food containers.
Recently, McDonald's announced that it would replace plastic straws with paper ones in all of its U.K. and Ireland restaurants, as of September 2018. This strategy may soon be rolled out in other jurisdictions. IKEA has also committed to eliminating all SUP products from its home furnishing range by 2020, including plastic straws, plates, cups, freezer bags, garbage bags and plastic-coated paper plates and cups.
Why has it taken so long to tackle this wicked problem?
Sure, the plastics industry has something to lose, and maybe governments also lack the will and technology to make the transition sooner?
But time is running out.
I'm just glad that the Romans invented viaducts and straight roads instead of SUPs, as we likely wouldn't be here today if they had. Giving up a plastic straw, stirrer or bag might not be so bad after all.
If I have to choose between “Planet or Plastic”, I know which I'll pick. What about you?
Tony Robert Walker, Assistant Professor, Dalhousie University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
FILE - In this June 25, 2017 file photo, Trey Songz performs at the BET Awards at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. Police say the R&B singer has been arrested on suspicion of felony domestic violence for punching a woman at a Los Angeles party. LAPD spokesperson Officer Drake Madison says the 33-year-old whose real name is Tremaine Neverson turned themselves in at a Hollywood police station Monday morning, March 19, 2018. Jail records show Songz was released about two hours later on $50,000 bail. Photo by Matt Sayles
4/18/17 – 5:30 A.M.
We continue our look at the candidates running in contested Findlay primary races today. Heidi Mercer is one of four Democrats running for a Council-at-Large seat. Mercer says she's running so they can give a unique prospective to council…
Audio:Heidi Mercer
Mercer says topics like the opioid epidemic and affordable housing affect younger Findlay residents more.
Mercer says when it comes to the budget, she'd be fairly conservative…
Audio:Heidi Mercer
Mercer adds they believe Findlay residents should have a say in where the budget priorities are.
Mercer says bicyclists should be welcomed in downtown…
Audio:Heidi Mercer
They add it would also be a good idea to listen to local bike shop owners when it comes to the issue.
Tomorrow's profile will feature Mary Harshfield.
Full Interview:
The Big Ten seems as if it is destined to follow the ACC down the path of 20 conference games in the near future.
Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany told ESPN earlier this week that the conference is having discussions about whether or not to expand the league schedule, and Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo is quoted in the story as saying that “I don't think there's any question it's going to happen.”
This comes of the heels of the ACC announcing that they will be expanding to a 20 game conference schedule starting in the 2019-20 season.
On the surface, this does have some appeal. This will push the start of conference play up closer to Christmas and almost certainly before the turn of the calendar, meaning that the meat of college basketball's regular season will begin a week earlier for what is arguably the two most relevant and best conferences in the country. It's not necessarily a bad thing for college basketball to try and carve out a larger slice of college football's bowl season.
The problem is that a 20 game league schedule only makes it more difficult for high major programs to challenge themselves in non-conference play.
There are two factors at play here. For starters, more conference games means more potential losses, which makes it that much for difficult to convince coaches that may need to get to 20 wins to save their job (or hit an incentive in their contract) to schedule any quality out of conference opponents. But what will be more difficult to navigate is the requirements put on programs by athletic directors that mandate a certain number of home games during a season. A lot of revenue is generated for the athletic department by playing games at home, and most ADs require a specific number of home games on the schedule to bring in that revenue; and AD's job isn't just to get make their school's sports teams competitive, it is to make sure the athletic department operates in the black or as close to it as possible.
The number that is required differs from school to school, but the industry standard tends to be 16 homes games for the entire season. With an 18 game league schedule, nine are played at home, meaning that seven of the 13 non-conference games would have to be played at home to reach that quota. If there are 20 league games, 10 are played at home and six of the 11 non-conference games would have to be home games.
Now take Michigan State, for example. The Spartans are almost always going to be playing in an exempt event in November in addition to playing in the Champions Classic and the ACC/Big Ten Challenge. In a year where their exempt event has eight teams — like the Maui Invitational or the PK80 tournament in Portland this year — and the Spartans are given a road game in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge, their spot in the Champions Classic means that they suddenly are put into a position where their other six non-conference games must be played in the Breslin Center to hit 16 home games.
They aren't the only power conference school that will feel that schedule crunch, but other high profile programs (Kentucky, UNC, Duke, UCLA, etc.) will feel it as well, meaning home-and-home series between those programs will be less and less likely.
It also makes it that much more unlikely that teams from leagues like the ACC or the Big Ten would ever challenge themselves with a road game against anyone outside of their league, let alone a road game against a mid-major program.
So while it is a good thing to create more conference rivalry games and to reduce, as much as possible, the unbalanced schedules of the bloated power conferences in a post-realignment world, the toll that it will take on the non-conference schedule — further removing high-profile non-conference games from on-campus venues, where college basketball is meant to be played — may make this decision a net-negative in the long run.
PINK HILL, N.C. (WNCT) —The Salvation Army is working to help those in need who are unable to pay their bills.
When the temperatures rise in summer, so do electric bills. During this time, Salvation Army caseworkers say they tend to see an increase in requests for help.
“This time of year, it's a struggle,” caseworker Gloria Perry said.
The Lenoir County Salvation Army is already working to overcome deficits left behind by Hurricane Matthew, a storm the community is still recovering from.
“A lot of people have lost their jobs, and with Matthew, a lot of people were out of work, so we were trying to help them with that,” Perry said.
The Lenoir County Salvation Army says the requests include food, rental and utility assistance. FEMA and United Way help provide funds to pay for peoples' bills, but the money runs out quickly.
“It would be nice if we could get maybe a grant or other resources as far as trying to keep money for the whole month,” Perry said. “Sometimes maybe by the 15th of the month, we are out.”
Last year, the Lenoir County branch served over 3,000 people in need of assistance. caseworkers hope more community members will get involved and donate in 2017.
“It's a real good feeling to know that you can help somebody that month, but you always have to ask them, ‘Well do you have a plan for the next month?'” Perry said. “Sometimes they will, sometimes they won't.You still help them.”
As this year's Toronto Film Festival moves toward its closing night on Sunday, we take a look back at some of its most eye-catching, and potentially award-garnering, breakout performances. The...
Osun bye-election: Hussein secures APC ticket
After voting, Mr. Hussein scored 2,412 votes of the 2,413 valid votes cast.
The post Osun bye-election: Hussein secures APC ticket appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Know that feeling you get when you arrive at the grocery store just before a shipment of fresh produce arrives, and your pickings are kind of slim?
That's what movie fans hankering for new releases might experience at the cineplexes this weekend.
And the two biggest new releases couldn't be more different.
If your taste swings to don't-try-this-at-home stupid human tricks, catch Johnny Knoxville as they show off their “Jackass” tendencies in “Action Point,” an R-rated yukfest set around a struggling amusement park that juices up its lagging, safety-last biz by adding dangerous attractions.
For fans of intense, real-life survivor stories, chart that course over to “Adrift.” Shailene Woodley and Sam Claflin play sailing lovebirds lost at sea after a deadly hurricane strikes.
Indie options
Flying under the radar but worth the time are an energetic futuristic thriller and two top-notch documentaries.
While the horror/science fiction hybrid “Upgrade” does have have some glitches, it's nevertheless inventive and entertaining. After their wife is killed, a tech-wary guy (Logan Marshall-Green) — now a quadriplegic — seeks vengeance after a bug-like device that gives them souped-up strengths get implanted. Leigh Whannell, one of the creators of “Saw,” directs and writes.
If you're more of a Discovery Channel nut, scramble up “Mountain,” a breathtakingly shot, elegantly scored paean to the majesty and might of mountains and those fearless (some would say crazy) adventurers who are determined to scale them. Willem Dafoe narrates with poetic eloquence. You've gotta see this one on the big screen.
Another pleasant surprise is “The Gospel According to Andre,” a captivating and insightful documentary about influential fashion icon Andre Leon Talley. Kate Novack directs this intimate look at the life and ascendancy of a complex and talented man. If you love Vogue or even “Devil Wears Prada,” you'll eat it up.
Randy Myers is a freelance correspondent covering film and is the president of the San Francisco Film Critics Circle.
Indiana boards to discuss takeover of Muncie school district
hello
MUNCIE, Ind. -- A state board will decide whether Indiana should assume control of an eastern school district, a move that's being opposed by the chamber of commerce.
The Star Press reports that Indiana's Distressed Unit Appeal Board sent an emergency manager to the district to help stabilize the financially impaired Muncie Community Schools in the summer. The board is scheduled to meet Wednesday to vote whether the emergency manager should be given full control over the district's finances and academics.
The leader of the teachers union is supporting the state takeover.
The boards of directors of the Muncie-Delaware County Chamber of Commerce and the Delaware Advancement Corp. have requested that the state return "autonomy" to the school district. They say they believe "in local control with accountability."
___
Information from: The Star Press, http://www.thestarpress.com
Blue Apron plans to start selling its meal kits in stores Blue Apron said on Thursday it plans to sell meal kits in stores this year, as it attempts to spur growth by attracting more people to its subscription-based service. Blue...
Blue Apron shares up on smaller-than-expected loss Blue Apron shares were up 6 percent in morning trading on Tuesday after the meal-kit maker reported a smaller-than-expected revenue drop and quarterly loss as a costly distribution hub switch...
How Big Tech's growth could wind up cutting it back down How big can the largest tech companies get? How completely can they come to dominate the economy? The “big five” — Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, Facebook and Amazon — now have...
Blue Apron is slashing 6 percent of its workforce Blue Apron announced late Wednesday that it was laying off 6 percent of its workforce. The meal-kit delivery company's “realignment” was revealed in an company-wide email from CEO Matt Salzberg....
Blue Apron reports major loss despite customer growth Blue Apron cooked up a major loss in its first quarter as a publicly traded company, and the stock is getting burned again. The meal-kit delivery service said it lost...
Blue Apron loses operating chief less than a month after its IPO It's been less than a month since Blue Apron went public, and it's already shuffling its executive suite. The embattled meal-kit delivery service said co-founder Matt Wadiak is stepping down...
Blue Apron's IPO underwriters aren't worried about Amazon Blue Apron shares surged nearly 19 percent Monday as the banks that took it public released a slew of bullish analyst reports, blowing off fears about a looming competitive threat...
YogaWorks scraps IPO plans in an overstretched market YogaWorks has curled back into child's pose. Shares of the Santa Monica, Calif.-based yoga studio chain were slated for an initial public offering on the Nasdaq Thursday, but the company...
Amazon meal-kit plans have Apron investors feeling Blue Amazon on Monday was offering same-day delivery of Pepto-Bismol — just in case any Blue Apron shareholders were feeling a bit, you know, queasy. After all, shares of the meal-kit...
Young Kenyan men hang out in front of closed shops in Nairobi's Kibera slum Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga urged their supporters to skip work on Monday to protest what they charged were rigged elections that gave victory to President Uhuru Kenyatta. The government denounced violent demonstrations as unlawful and urged Kenyans to return to their jobs. Jerome Delay AP Photo
A New York City resident has died of a bacterial disease commonly spread by contact with rat urine, and two more were recently diagnosed with the disease, city health officials say.
The cluster of leptospirosis infections has been identified on one block in the Concourse section of the Bronx, officials say. The health department is working with the housing preservation and the building departments to reduce the rat population there.
"This illness can be serious but it is treatable with readily available antibiotics," the health department said in a statement, noting that it's very rarely spread from person to person.
Two patients in the Bronx cluster were diagnosed in December, and one in February. One of them has died, while the other two have recovered.
I-Team: Rat Complaints Up 140 Percent in Chinatown
Eric Lee was surprised when the "check engine" light came on in their brand-new Lexus. They were even more surprised when their mechanic told them the cause of the problem: rats had nested in their engine and eaten through their wiring. Pei-Sze Cheng reports. (Published Tuesday, Feb. 9, 2016)
There are typically one to three cases of leptospirosis every year in New York City, health officials say.
In cases of leptospirosis, bacteria enter the body through open wounds and cuts in the skin, or the eyes, nose or mouth. Some people who are infected may have no symptoms, while others may have mild illness with fever, headache, chills, muscle aches, vomiting or diarrhea.
Rarely, infected people may develop a life-threatening illness that affects their kidneys and liver.
Officials say precautions against the disease include avoiding contact with rats or with places where rats may have urinated, and washing hands thoroughly with soap and water after any contact with areas where rats may live.
If you cannot avoid areas where rats have been seen, use a bleach solution to kill the bacteria in the aea, and protect yourself from contact with rat urine by using rubber gloves, boots, masks and some type of eyewear.
The Endicott Police Department is investigating multiple reports of items being stolen from unlocked cars.
Officials want to remind residents to remove valuables from their cars and to not leave any amount of cash or change in them. Police say to always lock your car, and the thief will typically move on if they don't see anything valuable inside.
If you have any information on the car theft investigation or have been a victim of car theft you can contact the Endicott Police at (607)785-3341.
Nominations for 75th annual Golden Globes coming Monday
hello
This image released by HBO shows Nicole Kidman, left, and Alexander Skarsgard in "Big Little Lies." Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Hilary Bronwyn Gayle/HBO via AP) Associated Press
This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows James D'Arcy, left, and Kenneth Branagh in a scene from "Dunkirk." Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Melissa Sue Gordon/Warner Bros. Pictures via AP) Associated Press
This image released by Hulu shows Elisabeth Moss as Offred in a scene from the critically acclaimed, "The Handmaid's Tale." Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (George Kraychyk/Hulu via AP) Associated Press
In this image released by 20th Century Fox, Tom Hanks portrays Ben Bradlee, left, and Meryl Streep portrays Katharine Graham in a scene from "The Post." Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Niko Tavernise/20th Century Fox via AP) Associated Press
FILE - In this Jan.. 6, 2009, file photo, Golden Globe statuettes are displayed during a news conference in Beverly Hills, Calif. Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- When nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards are announced Monday morning, the shadow of sexual misconduct scandals will be hard to avoid.
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. EST. A second batch of nominees will follow live on NBC's "Today" show, where less than two weeks earlier, longtime host Matt Lauer was fired following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct.
Lauer was just the latest media figure to be toppled by the ongoing revelations that have followed the ouster of former Weinstein Co. co-chairperson Harvey Weinstein, along with many others, including Kevin Spacey. As a co-star in Ridley Scott's upcoming "All the Money in the World," Spacey - whose performance has been removed in reshoots - might have once expected to hear theirs named among Monday's best supporting actor nominees.
Amazon's "Transparent" and star Jeffrey Tambor have also been regular Globes nominees, and could be again Monday for the show's fourth season. Two women have come forward in the past month to accuse Tambor of sexual harassment, including "Transparent" actor Trace Lysette and their former assistant. Tambor has said "the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue."
The Globes will be the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Weinstein landscape. Presented and chosen by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, their deliberations aren't representative of the larger industry. The HFPA is composed of approximately 90 largely unknown international journalists.
But the Globes, which this year will be hosted by Seth Meyers on January 7, have long characterized themselves as one of the frothiest stops on the awards season circuit. Many will be watching to see how the Globes weigh the likes of "Transparent" and "All the Money in the World." A rough cut of the latter was reportedly screened for the HFPA shortly after Scott finished reshooting the film with Christopher Plummer stepping in for Spacey.
Among the favorites at the Globes this year are Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama "The Post" and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale "Dunkirk." In the television categories, Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale" and HBO's "Big Little Lies" could be in for a big morning.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
For some, a pair of Chrisian Louboutins is the sign of ultimate luxury. The shoes are iconic, fashionable, and have that infamous red sole.
You know a real Louboutin when you see it.
Well for all those stylish moms who want your children to exude the same sort of penchant for high fashion, you can now purchase your toddler their very own pint-sized pair of red-soled Christian Louboutin shoes.
Set to launch in November, Louboutin partnered with Gwyneth Paltrow's company Goop in the release of the shoe. The Mary Janes are featured in red, blue, pink, and gold colors, each include a handmade ribbon on top and the brand's signature red sole.
Louboutin has designed their first baby shoes, and well, they're as adorable as one could expect!! Super Adorable!😍👌💖👶👟❤ #LoubiBaby #WeekendWishList A post shared by Weekend Magazine (@weekendmagazine) on Sep 29, 2017 at 2:47pm PDT
The shoes will retail for $250, and will be available November 16th exclusively on Goop.
Via Cosmopolitan
When you were a kid, didn't you love collecting buckeyes or acorns in the fall? Master Gardener Carrie Petty certainly did. They say they still even makes whistles out of the acorn caps. A kid at heart, for sure!
Fall is a magical season as a Hoosier! This is also the season when we prepare the outdoors for a long winter's nap. Carrie shares THREE great rules of thumb when “Putting the Garden to Bed.”
If it's brown, cut it down. If the flower's stems are brown and the green is gone, pull it out of the garden and either compost the plant material or toss it.
A little poo will do! Add a good compost to the garden and turn it under with a pitch fork. Letting it rest for the winter will help the soil perk up quickly in the Spring.
Mulch it over and ‘leaf' it alone. I used crushed leaves over my newly amended garden bed to mulch it over for the winter. It helps protect tender roots of perennial flowers from damaging cold, snow and ice. These easy steps will preserve your hard work through the winter months and give you a jump start on the Spring planting season. Don't forget to bring the nature indoors this time of year. Collect acorns to place in a glass container around a candle, or use dried herbs in floral arrangements for dinner parties. I use mini pumpkins often in my centerpieces, but a good tip is to first spray them with a little furniture polish to give them a shine. It helps to keep pest and rot away too! This will be the month to collect falls final harvest of veggies and herbs, prep the garden for rest and enjoy time with family and friends around a cozy fire pit with some good Merlot.
So many good things to gain from the garden this month and you can find it all in my ‘Fall
Gardening Check List' here on http://www.CarriePetty.com
All to help you “Grow a Beautiful Life!”
Contact Information:
Carrie Petty 317-413-6447
www.CarriePetty.com
Biography:
Carrie Petty is a fourth generation Hoosier!  They are a lecturer, Master Gardener, as well as a top Garden and Lifestyle Blogger. An amateur naturalist, painter & photographer, Petty loves teaching families how to, “Grow a Beautiful Life.”
Find here articles monthly in all the TownPost Magazines and on their gardening & lifestyle blog: www.CarriePetty.com
They can also be found on Facebook and Twitter @Caroline_Garden
The TRP/BARC ratings for the week 4 (January 20 to January 26) are here. Colors TV rules the roost, while Star Bharat has jumped to the second spot pushing Zee TV to the third place. Star Plus and Sony TV retain fourth and fifth spots, respectively.
Zee TV's Kundali Bhagya and Kumkum Bhagya are back at the first and second places, respectively. Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai has dropped down to the 10th place and Ishqbaaz is out of the TRP race.
Check Out The Latest BARC Ratings: Urban (Impressions in 000s)
Top 10 Channels
1. Colors - 407749
2. Star Bharat - 337123
3. Zee TV - 328662
4. Star Plus - 310185
5. Sony TV - 306897
6. SAB TV - 287043
7. Sony Pal - 189592
8. Zee Anmol - 165100
9. Star Utsav - 156461
10. Rishtey - 124004
Top 20 Shows
1. Kundali Bhagya (Zee TV) - 7359
2. Kumkum Bhagya (Zee TV) - 6606
3. Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah (SAB TV) - 6574
4. Super Dancer (Sony TV) - 6052
5. Shakti - Astitva Ke Ehsaas Ki (Colors) - 5630
6. Rising Star (Colors) - 5548
7. Yeh Hai Mohabbatein (Star Plus) - 5532
8. Udaan (Colors) - 5528
9. Ishq Mein Marjawan (Colors) - 5088
10. Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai (Star Plus) - 5030
11. Nimki Mukhiya (Star Bharat) - 4828
12. Tu Aashiqui (Colors) - 4520
13. Star Bharat's Kya Haal Mr Paanchal - 4513
14. Shani (Colors) - 4454
15. Dil Se Dil Tak (Colors) - 4379
16. Tu Suraj Main Saanjh Piya Ji (Star Plus) - 4178
17. Laado Veerpur Ki Mardani (Colors) - 4072
18. Naamkaran (Star Plus) - 4005
19. Zindagi Ki Mahek (Zee TV) - 3849
20. Mahakali Ant Hi Aarambh Hai (Colors) - 3806
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment,
2:01 What does ‘home' mean in Arroyo Grande? AGHS grads' play tells the story Pause
1:59 Trump calls out KKK, neo-Nazis in condemning Charlottesville violence
1:56 How Peoples' Self-Help Housing and 'sweat equity' helped this mother of 2 build and own their own home
1:48 Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
0:14 Man caught on camera prowling outside San Luis Obispo home
0:25 Watch this mountain lion casually cross the Foresthill Bridge
0:17 Firefighters work to free 2 people trapped in car that plunged over cliff, into creek
1:00 Best friends Smoke and Ash were rescued from the Hill Fire, and now they need a home
0:53 Tebow greets autistic boy during at-bat, then this happened
• >0 (µg/dL): Even at birth, all people have some lead in their blood. However, the CDC says no level of exposure has been deemed safe for children.
• 1.0 - 1.3 (µg/dL): Average blood lead level among U.S. children ages 1-5.
• 3.5 (µg/dL): The CDC is considering using this level as a new "reference value" to identify children under age six with elevated blood lead levels. The threshold is lowered periodically to reflect new data from a national health and nutritional survey.
• 5 (µg/dL): The CDC's current reference level for an elevated childhood blood level that warrants public health action, close monitoring or case management. Some 500,000 U.S. children are at or above this level, which some states define as lead poisoning.
• 10 (µg/dL): Children who reach this threshold require closer attention and action to limit further lead exposure. Many states conduct inspections of the poisoned child's living environment to identify exposure sources. Research shows that a blood lead level of 10 (µg/dL) can lower IQ by 4 to 6 points on average.
• 45 (µg/dL): Poisoning that may require hospitalization and chelation drug treatment, which helps the body to excrete lead. The drugs aren't considered effective for children with lower blood lead levels.
• >70 (µg/dL): Left unchecked, acute lead poisoning can cause seizures, coma and death.
Sources: CDC, state health agencies, poisoning prevention programs, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
VEGA, Texas (KVII/FOX5) - Anthony Wrobel, the man accused of killing a Venetian employee and injuring another at Sunset Park Sunday, has been arraigned and refused extradition, according to the Oldham County Sheriff.
KVII also reported that Sheriff Brent Warden said Las Vegas officials were working to get a governor's warrant to force extradition. Wrobel was denied bond.
Police said Anthony Wrobel's gun didn't fire, then accidentally discharged into the ground before they shot and killed a Venetian employee and injured another at Sunset Park April 15.
According to their arrest report, Wrobel asked a coworker where victims Mia Banks and Hector Rodriguez were sitting while they attended a work picnic. The coworker pointed them out.
They fired a second time, and shot Banks in the head. They fired two more times at Rodriguez hitting them on their left and back sides, the report said.
After the shooting, several people, including Rodriguez identified Wrobel as the shooter.
Wrobel was captured in Texas on April 19.
Las Vegas Metro police confirmed they were arrested without incident that morning near the city of Vega in the northwest portion of the state. Oldham County Sheriff's Office said deputies were conducting routine patrols at 3:30 a.m. and ran the plates on a Cadillac Deville with stolen license plates from Cedar City, Utah. The plates were reported stolen on April 17.
Capt. Robert Plummer, of Las Vegas Metro police, added the deputies found Wrobel asleep in the vehicle at a rest stop. Wrobel reached for a gun but dropped it when deputies approached.
The deputies asked for Wrobel's vehicle registration documents and concluded that the vehicle identification number was linked to Wrobel who was wanted for murder, attempted murder and battery with the use of a deadly weapon through the LVMPD. Wrobel was arrested and booked into the Oldham County jail where they awaited an arraignment on fugitive warrant charges and extradition to Las Vegas.
It was unknown if they had any connections to Texas.
Their arrest came a day after the FBI issued a federal arrest warrant to capture Wrobel. The FBI said they were listed as "unlawful flight to avoid prosecution" and at the time warned they may have left Nevada.
Officers responded to the scene of the shooting about 6 p.m. Police said Wrobel went to Sunset Park as a work party was winding down and asked for the table that the executives were seated. Without warning or provocation, police said they shot and killed Mia Banks at point blank then turned to shoot Hector Rodriguez, police said. Rodriguez was taken to Sunrise Hospital in critical condition.
Banks was the vice president of casino operations and Rodriguez is the executive director of table games.
After the shooting, Wrobel ran to the parking lot and left in a black and purple Dodge Charger, police said. The vehicle was located about five minutes after the shooting in the Terminal 3 parking garage at McCarran Airport. Inside was ammunition, back straps and a revolver pistol.
An airport spokesperson previously said they could not comment on whether there was a search at the airport or if there is a record of Wrobel boarding another flight. However, Plummer said Wrobel got into a second car that they pre-staged at the airport a few days before the shooting and left.
Officers said the shooting was workplace violence and Wrobel planned their attack. The victims were in the park at a party for employees of the Venetian, police said. Wrobel was also employed at the property, police said. Police believe Wrobel, who was described as "disgruntled," specifically targeted the employees.
Plummer said Wrobel left a note that shared their displeasure with the Venetian and management at the corporation. According to Wrobel's arrest report, police found the paper note on a coffee table in their otherwise abandoned apartment. Police said they believed Wrobel wrote the note.
[RELATED: Co-workers say Venetian employee wanted for shooting 'not surprising']
Wrobel had been employed at the Venetian for at least 14 years. Co-workers described them as a loner who hated management.
Coworkers spoke anonymously "for their safety."
"I don't think he's mad at me for any reason, but you don't want to be a casualty because I know they hated management. I just know they hated Mia and Hector more than anybody, but they also hated, you know, all of the pit managers and anyone else who had control," a co-worker said.
"To anyone out there who is listening and has information about this case or can help solve this case, we urge you to come forward. Do this for Mia Banks and the other victims in this case," police said.
The FBI has been assisting Metro with the investigation.
The federal arrest warrant was issued for Wrobel in United States District Court for the District of Nevada on April 17.
The Las Vegas Sands Corporation offered a $50,000 reward for information leading to the Wrobel's arrest.
Las Vegas Metro police urged anyone with information about the incident to contact them at 702-828-3521. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Devoleena Bhattacharjee, who rose to fame with their role Gopi Bahu from Saath Nibhana Saathiya, had recently made an announcement regarding their first album.
The actor wrote, "When devotion took shelter in music, the world got a new reason to croon their glory. I joyously present to you a rendition celebrating their glory. #janmasthamispecial #Sarthakfilmsentertainment #Onboardfilms #Musicisdevotion😊🙏🏻😇."
Today (August 14), on the occasion Krishna Janmastami, the actor released the album that is dedicated to their Kanhaji (Lord Krishna). It has to be recalled that the actor was a devotee of Lord Krishna, on the show as well!
Sharing the video and the YouTube link of the song, Devoleena wrote, "On this auspicious day of janmasthmi i am releasing my first album dedicated to my kanhaji."
They further wrote, "Need all your love and support as always for my new journey . First association of Sarthak films entertainment with @onboardfilms many more to come. #janmasthamispecial #Sarthakfilmsentertainment #krishan #kanha #DevoleenaBhattacharjee #devotion #spiritual #loveindonesia."
Devoleena's industry friends and their fans have been congratulating them and praising the song.
The actor has already impressed the fans with their acting skills; will they build a fan base as a singer?
Did you like the song? Hit the comment box to share your views...
Graham batted .700 (14-for-20) with two homers, 12 runs and 10 RBIs helping the Phoenix win all six games last week and extend their winning streak to 10 games.
The Smithville native recorded seven hits, two homers and eight RBIs in a sweep over Bethel University last Monday. In a four-game series against Stillman College over the weekend, Graham recorded seven hits, seven runs and two RBIs, while adding six stolen bases during the week for the Phoenix.
This is Graham's first weekly honor of the season and second of their career.
Cumberland will travel to Bryan College on Tuesday for a doubleheader beginning at 2 p.m.
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index ticked higher at late morning, helped by broad-based gains on the Toronto market led by the health care and technology sectors.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 39.93 points to 16,303.09, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 76.01 cents US, down from an average value of 76.02 cents US Tuesday.
A member of the seventh House of Representatives, and Governirship aspirant in Ekiti State, Engr. Bamidele Faparusi, has described as “unlawfully and politically”, the continuous incarceration of suspects linked to the murder murder of the former Chairman , National Union of Road Transport Workers(NURTW) in Ekiti State, Mr. Omolafe Aderiye, close ally of Governor Ayo Fayose Specifically, the Governirship aspirant who accused Fayose of allegedly deliberately incacerating the accused because of their political link with All Progressives Party (APC) called on the National Judicial Council(NJC) to investigate what they described as “prolonged unlawful imprisonment”. Faparusi, an APC who expresed concern
The post Ex-Lawmaker, Faparusi Wants NJC to Investigate Incarceration of murder Suspects in Ekiti appeared first on Daily Times Nigerian Newspaper.
Flights to be offered from Chicago, Dulles to West Virginia
hello
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. -- SkyWest Airlines is offering nonstop flights starting in April from Chicago and Washington, D.C., to a West Virginia airport near The Greenbrier resort.
The Greenbrier says in a news release that United Express jet service will be provided on 50-seat aircraft at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg. There will be six nonstop round trips per week each to Chicago's O'Hare International Airport and Washington Dulles International Airport.
The Greenbrier Valley Airport is 9 miles (14.5 kilometers) from the posh resort in White Sulphur Springs.
Greenbrier President Dr. Jill Justice says the new flights will make traveling to The Greenbrier more convenient for guests and provide access for a new generation of travelers.
By Stephen Iervolino
ABC/Todd Wawrychuk
(LOS ANGELES) — Shonda Rhimes has inked a multi-year deal to bring their Shondaland production company to Netflix.
Rhimes, creator of the ABC Thursday night staples Grey's Anatomy, Scandal and How to Get Away with Murder, along with their partner Betsy Beers, will produce new series, along with other projects, Netflix announced on Sunday.
“Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan [Netflix Chief Content Officer] Ted Sarandosand I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company,” says Rhimes.
“Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix,” they explain. “He understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation. The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities.”
“Our current shows will continue to thrive on ABC and Shondaland will be there every step of the way,” they continue. “I could not have asked for a better home to begin my career. I continue to be grateful to work with so many talented people – especially our studio gladiator Patrick Moran and our most powerful and brilliant champion Channing Dungey.
Adds Sarandos, “Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television, Them work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best…she loves TV and films, they care passionately about their work, and they deliver for their audience. We're so excited to welcome them to Netflix.”
Grey's Anatomy and How to Get Away with Murder return for their 13th and third seasons, respectively, September 22, along with the series premiere of Notorious. Scandal season six moves to midseason.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
1:58 After fire, SLO-Botics team uses French Hospital space to regroup for competition
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
Peltz puts pressure on P&G with $3bn-plus stake
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Illinois' Davis was in batter's box when congressional shooting happened
hello
U.S. Congressman Rodney Davis, left, was in the batter's box on a YMCA ballfield in Virginia early Wednesday morning when a gunman opened fire on Republican Congressman. Associated Press
Illinois Congressman Rodney Davis was in the batter's box on a YMCA ballfield in Virginia early Wednesday morning when shots rang out from the third-base side of the field.
First, there was a bang. Then, screams for fellow Republican members -- who had been practicing for an upcoming charity match -- to run.
Davis heeded that advice, taking cover in the first-base side dugout, as House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana crumpled to the ground in the field, after being struck in the hip.
Scalise, the third-highest ranking Republican in the chamber, was in surgery late Wednesday morning, their staff said.
Later that morning, members of Congress, including Davis, were at the capitol still in their T-shirts and ball caps, praying for their colleagues, and the two Capitol police officers and GOP staffer who were shot.
"There's such a hatefulness in what we see in American politics and politics discussion right now," Davis said in a CNN intervew. "We can disagree on who to govern. But I think Republicans and Democrats need to use this day today to stand together and say stop. Let's work together."
Suburban GOP members of Congress Peter Roskam of Wheaton and Randy Hultgren of Plano were not present at the practice. The Illinois delegation's other two players -- John Shimkus of Collinsville and Darin LaHood of Peoria -- weren't at the field at the time, staff members said.
State Rep. Mike Bost of Murphysboro shares an apartment with Scalise in Washington. They said in a statement that their "prayers are with my good friend and DC roommate, Steve Scalise, as well as the Capitol Police officers, Members, staff and all those affected by today's shooting. While we don't yet fully know the motive behind this shameful act of evil, there is no doubt the heroism of the Capitol Police saved lives this morning. I am deeply thankful for their bravery, and I hope for speedy recoveries for all those wounded in this cowardly assault."
Democratic Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi of Schaumburg, meanwhile, was up and working out early at a congressional gym when they heard the news. They called it a "terrible, senseless act."
The Washington Post reported law enforcement officials identified the shooter as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, who was wounded as they were apprehended. President Donald Trump said Hodgkinson died later Wednesday.
The practice was for the upcoming congressional baseball game between Democrats and Republicans, a tradition since 1909.
Hultgren spokesperson Jameson Cunningham, a Wheaton native who lives in Alexandria, drove the few minutes to the ballfield after hearing news of the shooting. They called the event "unbelievable," noting "this is the quaintest, safest neighborhood you can imagine. It's like downtown Wheaton."
Other members of the state's delegation, among them, Democrat Jan Schakowsky of Evanston, along with Krishnamoorthi, Hultgren and Roskam, were quick to release statements wishing the victims a speedy recovery and commending the bravery of the Capitol police.
Trump released a statement that they are 'deeply saddened by this tragedy.'
• Staff writers Jake Griffin and Chacour Koop contributed.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
Azul float raises hopes for Brazil's stalled IPO market
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Good news, commuters: Soon your morning joe won't be a hazard to your smile or your shirt anymore.
A new brew from the Slovak Republic is getting buzz for being the first colorless coffee drink in the world.
CLR CFF – which removed the vowels as well as coffee's signature brown tint from its bottles – boasts being free from color, preservatives, artificial flavors, stabilizers, sugars and other sweeteners.
“If you are looking for a refreshing coffee but you want to keep your smile white, then Clear Coffee is perfect for you!” the brand boasts on its site.
But David and Adam Nagy, the Slovakian brothers who've co-created this crystal-clear cuppa, have kept their filtering methods top secret. They've only written online that, “this refreshing beverage is made from high-quality Arabica coffee beans and pure water. It is produced by methods which have never been used before.”
They teased the Evening Standard that, “The production method is based on physical processing and doesn't include any chemicals.” They recommend sipping it chilled.
Each bottle packs 100 milligrams of caffeine per 200 milliliters (or just under seven ounces.) So you'd have to drink two bottles to get the equivalent of one grande Pike from Starbucks (which packs 330 milligrams of caffeine into 16 ounces). On the other end of the caffeine spectrum, Black Insomnia Coffee recently landed on Amazon claiming to be the world's strongest coffee with a bracing 702 milligrams of caffeine per 12 ounces.
Clear Coffee doesn't come cheap at $7.50 for a two-pack or $18.80 for a five-pack online, or at Whole Foods Markets and Selfridges & Co. in the U.K.
The founders have yet to confirm to Moneyish when the crystal coffee drink will come to the U.S.
And what's also not clear yet is whether CLR CFF has also gotten rid of coffee breath.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Windows XP: All dead, or just mostly dead?
Microsoft's actions this month (and last) prompt questions about company's support policy
Security and patch experts contend that Windows XP is still retired, still obsolete, still dead, even though Microsoft has arguably muddied the waters by issuing security updates two months running for the 16-year-old operating system.
"It's retired," said Amol Sarwate, the director of Qualys' vulnerability lab. "It's still obsolete."
Chris Goettl, product manager with patch management vendor Ivanti, concurred. "Windows XP is retired," Goettl said. "This is definitely unprecedented, but [Microsoft is] saying that this is not normal, and is not going to continue."
Questions about Windows XP's status -- dead or undead? -- surfaced in May when Microsoft distributed patches to the no-more-support XP, Windows 8 and Windows Server 2003. Those updates were issued to protect the trio from the fast-spreading "WannaCry" ransomware campaign.
After Microsoft repeated the policy-busting move Tuesday, with officials citing the possibility of new attacks by government-sponsored hackers to explain the release of additional updates, the questions resurfaced.
Microsoft has been adamant about cutting off users when a version of Windows exhausts its 10-year support lifespan. Cynics have long portrayed that as strong-arming customers into upgrading for Microsoft's financial benefit. Meanwhile, the company typically boasts that the newer version of Windows is better, faster, and most important, more secure, and like a rusty tool, has worn out its usefulness.
Historically, support deadlines have driven upgrade cycles in the enterprise, as organizations hustle -- sometimes in panic -- to purge their networks of the older operating system. Some, not able to finish the job in time and unwilling (or unable) to expose unpatched systems to possible attacks, pay princely sums to Microsoft for after-retirement custom support.
But by issuing patches to Windows XP three years after expiration, some worried that Microsoft had set a precedent it might regret.
"If Microsoft says that Windows 7 truly reaches end of life in [January] 2020, is it really going to cut off support, or will they release critical patches like they have done twice with Windows XP?" asked Brad Sams of Petri.com on Tuesday.
Sarwate didn't see it that way. They accepted Microsoft reasons for updating Windows XP, and believed the company when its officials said that it had not changed its support policies, even after two consecutive months of patches.
They also contended that it is against Microsoft's interest to disinter a dead OS. "This is a double-edged sword," they said of Microsoft's XP patch releases. "It's true that big issues like these need to be patched, but if they do this too much, it works against their objective getting folks onto a newer OS."
1 2 Next Page
A rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday, wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as members of congress and aides dove for cover. The assailant, prepared with "a lot of ammo," fought a gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
Colleagues said Scalise dragged themselves away from the infield leaving a trail of blood as they rushed to their assistance. They were taken to a hospital where they underwent surgery and was listed in critical condition. Their office said that before surgery for a wound in their hip they were in good spirits and spoke with their wife by telephone.
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called "Terminate the Republican Party."
Shortly after the shooting, Bernie Sanders, the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year. Sanders said they denounced the violence "in the strongest possible terms."
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. They later died of their injuries, President Donald Trump told the nation from the White House.
"Everyone on that field is a public servant," Trump said. "Their sacrifice makes democracy possible."
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader, was first elected to the House in 2008. The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the No. 3 job of House whip several years ago.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams, who coaches the GOP team, said that one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot, but "is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery." Two Capitol Police officers were also injured but were expected to recover, along with a former congressional aide who was hospitalized.
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The gunman had a rifle and "a lot of ammo," said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
The shocking event left the Capitol horrified and stunned. The House canceled proceedings for the day. Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California both spoke on the floor issuing calls for unity. "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us," Ryan said.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off, which raises money for charity, is scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington, and will go forward as planned.
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when they were shot, according to lawmakers present, then dragged themselves into the outfield to get away from the gunman.
Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said their colleague "crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood."
"We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip," Brooks said.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in their baseball uniform, told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire, shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly, R-Miss., who plays third base.
"He shot at Steve Scalise, our second baseman. They hit Steve Scalise," Barton said, "Scalise's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire, and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire. They shot the shooter. The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter."
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes, and there were dozens or more of shots fired.
"It was scary," Barton said.
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said their son, Jack, got under an SUV.
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway, who was at the game, described what sounded like an explosion, then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him.
"The guy's down to a handgun, they dropped their rifle, they shoot him, I go over there, they put them in handcuffs," Conaway said, adding that if the shooter had "gotten inside the fence, where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout, it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel."
FBI special agent in charge Tim Slater said it was "too early to say" whether it was an act of terrorism, or whether Scalise was targeted.
Speaker Ryan identified the wounded Capitol Police officers as David Bailey and Crystal Griner. Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika, who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office. Mika's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition and in surgery.
After the gunfire stopped, Sen. Flake, of Arizona, said they ran onto the field and also tried to come to Scalise's aide. After medical personnel arrived, they said they retrieved Scalise's phone and made the first call to Scalise's wife to notify them of the shooting. They said they did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media.
Falisa Peoples was just leaving the YMCA next to the ball field when they saw the shooter open fire.
"He was just very calm. They were just walking and shooting," they said of the man, whom they described as white and wearing a T-shirt and shorts. They said they were using a long gun and exchanging fire with law enforcement officers, one of whom yelled for them to get down.
Lawmakers were stunned in the aftermath of the event, which raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
Following the Giffords shooting, lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events.
———
Associated Press reporters Ed White in Detroit and Eric Tucker, Mary Clare Jalonick, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama, Stephen Ohlemacher, Alan Fram, Andrew Taylor, Sarah Brumfield and Michael Biesecker in Washington contributed to this report.
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – From the bustle of importing and exporting of cargo to cruise lines setting sail for the Caribbean and beyond, there's no doubt that PortMiami is one busy port.
It's also a very, very profitable one.
On Monday, Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez announced results of a new study that the port was the number one money-making operation in the county and in the state for that matter.
“The economic impact to the port increased by $12.8 billion, so now the port of Miami has an economic impact of over $41 billion,” said Gimenez.
Growth in the cargo side of the business has been driven by the increase of nearly 1 million tons of containerized cargo (60,000 actual containers) handled at the Port in 2016.
The port also contributed about $288 million, in direct and indirect state and local taxes, in 2016.
The mayor pointed out that PortMiami has added 116-thousand jobs since 2012, both directly and indirectly, bringing the total number of jobs, directly and indirectly, related to the port to 300-thousand.
“It's all good news and these are all really good paying jobs. It's the reason why we invested $1.3 billion dollars into this port, dredging it, creating the tunnel connecting it to the interstate system and tying it to the railroad so that your merchandise can get to 70-percent of the U.S. market in three to four days,” said Gimenez.
Another highlight of the study, the port has seen an increase in cruise ship passengers. Last year they hit a record 5.1 million passengers. On the cargo side, the port handled 8.9 million tons of cargo. That's up by about 1 million tons of containerized cargo since 2012.
CBS4 news partner The Miami Herald reports that the port's impressive number may not be all they seem. They did a little digging and found that the firm that conducted the study may have inflated the numbers.
Mayor Gimenez was not buying it.
“We feel that they are pretty accurate. They do these kinds of economic studies around the country. Unless shown otherwise I'm going to believe the numbers,” they said.
Gimenez said looking to the future, he's excited about an agreement the county made with Royal Caribbean Cruises last to build a new terminal at the port to accommodate their mega ships. The $247 million project is expected to create $500 million in annual economic impact.
This week on All Hands on Tech, Alex takes a deep dive into the DreamMaker OverLord 3D printer. We've had a lot of fun printing all sorts of fun objects around the office, but is this affordable, futuristic-looking 3D printer worth it?
The OverLord was originally kickstarted back in early 2015 by DreamMaker, a start-up based out of Shanghai. While we we received the regular OverLord, the OverLord Pro is currently the model on sale in Canada. It can be purchased for $1,396.48 on robotshop.com
We're newcomers in the 3D printing space, but the OverLord is supposed to be a highly mobile, easy to use device. In the video we discuss whether or not that is the case, and showcase some of the cooler features we've found, as well as a few gripes. Plus, a time lapse of our Eiffel Tower print!
Check out what Alex thinks about the device in the video above.
Last week on All Hands on Tech, we reviewed Microsoft's latest update to the Surface Book. Is Microsoft's latest shot at the MacBook Pro good enough to take it down? We sure like it, but it comes with a hefty price tag. You can find out what we thought here.
For everything tech videos, subscribe to IT World Canada on YouTube at youtube.com/itworldca.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
“I expect the proposals will be strong,” NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. “They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
“I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports,” they said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men — including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive — in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schools such as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
“Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes,” Swofford told the AP. “You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity.”
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
“The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level,” Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. “You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome.”
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because “I don't think there's a silver bullet here” to fix everything. And they expect the commission to offer “substantive” findings.
“If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us,” Swofford said.
TORONTO — CIBC's direct banking brand Simplii Financial has joined BMO in offering free credit monitoring for tens of thousands of customers whose personal and financial information may have been accessed by "fraudsters."
A CIBC spokesperson says the bank is replacing affected clients' bank cards and taking additional steps to monitor and protect the approximately 40,000 Simplii clients who may have been impacted by the breach.
BMO said yesterday it was offering free credit monitoring, and will additionally block online and mobile access to accounts of those affected, which the bank believes is fewer than 50,000.
Both banks are also vowing to return 100 per cent of any money lost by impacted customers through the incident.
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media, or on behalf of our advertising partners, on what we feel are important offers, developments, publications, and events in the streaming/online video industry.
Read all about it - You can't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news!
Video: Is 4K Quality Worth the Higher Data Rate?
Twitch Video Systems Engineer Tarek Amara discusses the pros and cons of transitioning to 4K streaming, and underscores the heightened importance of high-quality compression in delivering a successful 4K experience.
Page 1
UltraHD/4K streaming--whether in the gaming, other entertainment, sports, or enterprise space--is all about the experience, according to Twitch's Tarek Amara, and with 4K more than ever, you can't deliver a good experience without top-notch compression. At what point do delivery data rate limitations start to limit the quality of the experience, and what is the threshold where delivering HD well becomes preferable to delivering 4K badly? Amara explores these issues and more in this clip from their Streaming Media West presentation
Read the complete transcript of this clip:
Tarek Amara: The key to delivering media is compression. If today we had a magic codec that could do anything at 1 Megabit per second, we wouldn't be here; we wouldn't even be talking about compression. The way compression has evolved as we moved from SD to HD and now HD to 4K is about how compression has progressed versus how data has increased. As the data increased by 60 times, compression, from MPEG-2 days to H.264 days, improved by a factor of 50% reduction. Now we have a mature codec, VP9 and HEVC, which improved compression by another 50%. Then there is AV1, which is futuristic, and probably trying to achieve another 50%. So where compression has become 400% more efficient, media has increased by 60 times.
Here we can ask the question, is it really worth it? I know there are a lot of skeptics--people say, "Okay, 4K TVs, I see nothing." You go to buy a TV at the store and you watch it a little bit and a guy tries to sell it to you and it looks great. You take it home, you watch a couple of live streams and say, "Rubbish, that's not good," and you're not enjoying the experience.
4K is great only as long as it is delivered correctly. So if you try 4K and really smash it to have the biggest resolution, the high frame rate, you don't encode it efficiently, you don't deliver it efficiently, you're ruining the experience.
Video quality is key in lots of markets. There are markets where quality doesn't really matter, but there are markets where people try to enjoy the experience, especially with a new technology.
Let's say I'm a business person who wants to launch my own 4K content. First of all, I study my bandwidth. I study my customers. I make sure my content looks great. But I also make sure which bitrates really suit my content. At Twitch, our content is gaming. Gaming is super challenging in terms of we need to provide 10-bit, the 60 frames per second, but also it's not camera-generated content. It's a content that could be rendered, that could have lots of artifacts which will make it an even harder job for the encoder to generate a good bit stream at lower bitrate.
So I'll dedicate one slack for my UltraHD delivery and another slack for my HD, because you should not forget that this is a transition rather than just a black and white. You have content today that is generated in 4K. You are to deliver the same content for people who have small devices today who have older technology--H.264, which 90-99% of the market still uses.
To start your Ultra HD content you need to start a completely different slack, transcode everything in HEVC because you cannot find a device that can for 4K and probably something above 1440 will decode HEVC. As soon as your bandwidth goes slow and you move to 1080p to move to H.264 decoders. That's not very well-defined or available right now with the market. Switching codecs on a live event does not happen. Although it's something that people are working on, it doesn't exist right now.
And also try to make sure your bitrate goes great. Do not deliver UltraHD if you're going to deliver bad quality. There is no point. Probably go 1440p. You can encode it but encode it at the high bitrate. Don't worry about whether your customer is going to see it today or not. Some might, in the future they will, but do not go your UltraHD content, encode it at 15 Megabits per second for life, make it look rubbish, make it 1080p, make 1080p look even better than it does, and then you lose your customers, because UltraHD and what all high-bitrate video is about the experience.
Page 1
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - SPYR, Inc. ( OTCQB : SPYR) announced that it will give all of its shareholders of record as of May 19, 2017, a dividend in the form of shares in what is to become a new and separate publicly traded company. SPYR will issue each of its shareholders an equal number of shares (1 for 1) in a new spin-off company, which SPYR is creating in order to divest itself from its restaurant division. So, if you own 1000 shares of SPYR on May 19th, you'll receive an additional 1000 shares of the newly formed spin-off company.
Basically, SPYR is rewarding its shareholders for their patience and loyalty to the company. Simply by being a shareholder of record of SPYR on May 19th, each shareholder will be rewarded with dividend shares. SPYR has stated that after it concludes the spin-off of the restaurant division, the newly formed company will file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission qualifying it as a separate publicly traded entity with a separate trading symbol.
What does this mean for investors? Well, before SPYR, Inc. ever existed, there was Eat at Joes, and it traded under the ticker symbol JOES. In the months leading up to the change in the company's business model, which eventually became SPYR, Inc., JOES was trading between .20-50/share.
If the new spin-off company falls into the same price per share range, then owning 20,000 shares of SPYR on May 19th would mean you'd own between $4,000 and $10,000 worth of the new company. If you own 50,000 shares of SPYR on May 19th, then, using the previously stated price per share, you'd own between $10,000 and $25,000 worth of the new company -- free money.
JOES back then was what this new spin-off company will become -- the restaurant division. SPYR recently stated that the spin-off company will focus on the licensing or possibly franchising of to Eat at Joe's® name and concept and will also include the manufacture and distribution of branded foods. The company said it plans to achieve its goals related to "branded foods" in part by acquiring companies with new and interesting food concepts.
The good news to investors who will be receiving the dividend is that just like SPYR trades as a low float stock, which moves very easily with the least bit of volume, the new spin-off company will also be a low float stock. And if SPYR has bigger plans for the new spin-off company, the market could certainly set the price per share much higher than the asupervisorstioned examples.
About Stock Market Media Group
Stock Market Media Group is a Content Development IR firm offering a platform for corporate stories to unfold in the media with research reports, corporate videos, CEO interviews and feature news articles.
Stock Market Media Group is an exclusive publisher for news, updates, alerts and information on SPYR, Inc. ["SPYR"]. Our publications about SPYR are based solely upon SPYR's authorized press releases, and SPYR's legal disclosures made in SPYR's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Before we publish any SPYR related content, our articles undergo compliance reviews and factual verifications, including written confirmation of the facts we publish from SPYR, and separately from SPYR's Legal Counsel for Securities and Regulatory compliance, Mailander Law Office, Inc.
Separate from the confirmed factual content of our articles about SPYR, we may from time to time include our own opinions about SPYR, its business, markets and opportunities. Any opinions we may offer about SPYR are solely our own, and are made in reliance upon our rights under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and are provided solely for the general opinionated discussion of our readers. Our opinions should not be considered to be complete, precise, accurate, or current investment advice, or construed or interpreted as research. Any investment decisions you may make concerning SPYR or any other securities are solely your responsibility based on your own due diligence. Our publications about SPYR are provided only as an informational aid, and as a starting point for doing additional independent research. We encourage you to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web site of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at: www.sec.gov, where you can also find all of SPYR's filings and disclosures. We also recommend, as a general rule, that before investing in any securities you consult with a professional financial planner or advisor, and you should conduct a complete and independent investigation before investing in any security after prudent consideration of all pertinent risks.
We are not a registered broker, dealer, analyst, or adviser. We hold no investment licenses and may not sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. Our publications about SPYR are not a recommendation to buy or sell a security.
SEC RULE 17b
COMPENSATION DISCLOSURE
Section 17(b) of the 1933 Securities and Exchange Act requires publishers who distribute information about publicly traded securities for compensation, to disclose who paid them, the amount, and the type of payment. In order to be in full compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), we are disclosing that we entered into a contract with SPYR for one year on February 1, 2015. We agreed to publish articles, news, updates, alerts and information about SPYR, subject to SPYR's written confirmation of factual content, and the separate confirmation of factual content by SPYR's Legal Counsel for Securities and Regulatory Compliance. In exchange for our services, SPYR agreed to compensate us with a monthly fee of $5,000.00. Additionally, SPYR agreed to issue to us 250,000 shares of SPYR's Restricted Common Stock. Our rights to sell any of this Restricted Common Stock are subject to prior compliance with all U.S. Securities Laws, including but not limited to Rule 144. Further, our sale of any of the Restricted Common Stock is subject to a volume restriction providing that we may only sell 5,000 shares daily for every 250,000 shares of daily trading volume.
For more information: www.stockmarketmediagroup.com.
AP Exclusive: 'Despacito' video not submitted for MTV VMAs
hello
FILE - This April 27, 2017 file photo shows singers Luis Fonsi, left, and Daddy Yankee during the Latin Billboard Awards in Coral Gables, Fla. An MTV spokesperson said in a statement to The Associated Press on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, that the âDespacitoâ video was not submitted for consideration for nomination at the 2017 Video Music Awards. The hit songâs video has not aired on MTV or MTV2, but is being played on MTV Tres, the companyâs Latin channel. Universal Music Latin Entertainment, the label that released Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankeeâs âDespacito,â said they welcome MTV to play Spanish videos on its main channel in a statement to the AP. Associated Press
FILE - This April 27, 2017, file photo shows singers Luis Fonsi, left, and Daddy Yankee during the Latin Billboard Awards in Coral Gables, Fla. An MTV spokesperson said in a statement to The Associated Press on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, that the âDespacitoâ video was not submitted for consideration for nomination at the 2017 Video Music Awards. The hit songâs video has not aired on MTV or MTV2, but is being played on MTV Tres, the companyâs Latin channel. Universal Music Latin Entertainment, the label that released Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankeeâs âDespacito,â said they welcome MTV to play Spanish videos on its main channel in a statement to the AP. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Surprised the video for "Despacito" - YouTube's most viewed clip of all-time - didn't earn any nominations at the MTV Video Music Awards? MTV says it's because the video was never submitted for nomination.
An MTV spokesperson said in a statement to The Associated Press on Monday that "the 'Despacito' video was not submitted for consideration." The hit song's video has not aired on MTV or MTV2, but is being played on MTV Tres, the company's Latin channel.
Universal Music Latin Entertainment, the label that released Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's "Despacito," said they welcome MTV to play Spanish videos on its main channel in a statement to the AP.
MTV did not explain why it has not played "Despacito" on its main channel when asked by the AP.
"Great songs transcend geography and language, and our artists produce music videos that reach a passionate global audience, highlighted by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee quickly breaking viewership and streaming records across audio and video platforms with 'Despacito.' We're proud to work with MTV to expose new audiences to our artists' music and we would welcome MTV's decision to recognize Spanish-language videos on its main channel and the Music Video Awards program," a spokesperson from the label said.
The label didn't elaborate on why it is the music video was not submitted to the main MTV channel or for consideration for the VMAs.
MTV said "Despacito" - the song not the video - will be acknowledged at the VMAs as a nominee in its song of summer category. That category and its nominees will be officially announced the week of Aug. 21. The VMAs will air live on Aug. 27.
MTV, which mainly airs reality shows like "Teen Mom" and "Catfish" throughout the day, rarely plays music videos on its main channel. MTV2, MTV Classic and other spin-offs air videos regularly.
"Despacito" is the rare Spanish track that has become a massive success in the U.S. and around the world. The hit song, which recently became the first video to hit 3 billion views on YouTube, has become the most streamed track of all-time and is spending its 14 week at No.1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
It is the first mostly Spanish song to top the Hot 100 since Los del Rio's "Macarena" in 1996 and has sold more than 7.7 million tracks based on digital sales, audio streaming and video streaming.
The song, released in January, got a boost when Justin Bieber appeared on its remix, helping it soar from the Top 40 to the Top 10, and later No.1. The remix version does not have an official video.
"Despacito" missed out on VMA nominations such as video of the year, the best collaboration, best editing and other more. In an interview with the AP, Fonsi said they didn't notice the video wasn't nominated for the VMAs and he's happy with the song's massive success.
"Awards are very important but what bigger award (is there) than having the most watched video in the world in history? It doesn't really get any bigger than that," Fonsi said, referring to the song's YouTube record. "Hopefully it'll win some awards down the line, down the road, but I think I got the biggest one so far, straight from the people."
Nominees for the top VMA prize, video of the year, include Kendrick Lamar's "Humble," Bruno Mars' "24K Magic," the Weeknd's "Reminder," Alessia Cara's "Scars to Your Beautiful," and DJ Khaled and Rihanna's "Wild Thoughts," which was released in June, a month before MTV announced its nominees.
The 2017 VMAs will air live from the Forum in Inglewood, California. Lamar is the top nominee with eight, while the Weeknd and Katy Perry - who is hosting the show - each earned five nominations.
2017 was a busy TV year, from sleeper hit shows (“The Good Doctor”) to new prestige powerhouses (“The Handmaid's Tale”) to older shows reaching thought-provoking conclusions (“The Leftovers”). But any...
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
"It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer," said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
"It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend," Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokesperson Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
UI VC decries the effects of economic recession on staff
Gbenro Adesina/Ibadan The Vice Chancellor, University of Ibadan, UI, Professor Abel Idowu Olayika has decried the harsh realities of the economic recession confronting the premier university, stressing that its implications on the university community is unimaginable. Olayinka disclosed this in a mail they wrote to the staff of the institution and uploaded on Facebook. According to him, “The Management of the University of Ibadan once again restates its understanding of the harsh realities of the economic recession and its implications on members of the university community.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In their rush to flee Albany and run for re-election, will state legislators leave common-sense traffic-safety measures on the committee-room floor?
The city's school-zone speed camera program is set to expire June 30 unless the Legislature acts. That is, unless state Sen. Simcha Felder (D-Brooklyn) drops their opposition.
Felder, a Democrat who provides the Republicans their one-vote majority, is using that muscle to stall the bill — though Sen. Martin Golden (R-Brooklyn) supports renewal.
School-zone cameras save lives. At locations with a camera, injuries in traffic crashes (to pedestrians, cyclists and motorists) have dropped nearly 15 percent a year since 2012.
Installing cameras at another 150 school zones and extending the program through 2022, as Mayor de Blasio requests, will save more lives — and let more children and parents feel safe on their way to school.
The Assembly approved the measure months ago. On the other hand, it has two other traffic-safety bills stalled — reluctant to hike any penalties on any law-breakers.
The Senate has already OK'd legislation to 1) suspend licenses after two school-zone speeding tickets within 18 months, and 2) make it a felony to injure someone while driving with a suspended or revoked license.
We started flagging the first reform in January, after a truck driver whose license had been suspended nine times killed a Brooklyn kid. The need for the school-zone-suspension rule became clear after the March accident that killed two Park Slope toddlers.
Senate Majority Leader John Flanagan and Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie need to crack heads and get the right things done.
Newsflash: Uranus stinks!
The seventh planet from the sun — and the butt of all cosmic fart jokes — actually does smell like flatulence, according to a new study from the University of Oxford.
The space rock's upper atmosphere is made up of hydrogen sulfide, the compound that creates the smell of rotten eggs — and human farts — according to the research published in the journal Nature Astronomy.
“If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions,” Patrick Irwin, an Oxford physicist who led the study, said in a statement.
But thankfully humans will likely never catch a whiff of the gassy planet.
“Suffocation and exposure in the -200 degrees Celsius atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium, and methane would take its toll long before the smell,” Irwin pointed out.
To sniff out the discovery, scientists used a high-tech 8-meter telescope to take a peek at light bouncing off Uranus.
Researchers determined a layer of clouds above the planet were hydrogen-sulfide molecules based on wavelengths of light — much to the delight of Twitter users, who called the fart-centric discovery a gas.
“Oh my god… WHAT!!! Every joke about this planet was true. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! LOL!!!” tweeted one Twitter user @romelojames.
Deborah Netburn, an L.A. based science writer added, “Thank you, universe, for this cosmic fart joke.”
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
West Ham United 0-2 Manchester United
Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic fired Manchester United to a sixth straight victory at 10-man West Ham.
United were labouring against a Hammers side holding firm despite being a man down from the 15th minute after the controversial dismissal of Sofiane Feghouli.
But Jose Mourinho sent on Mata and Marcus Rashford at the start of the second half and the substitutes combined to break the deadlock. Ibrahimovic, who hit 50 goals in 2016, then opened their account for the new year as United ran out 2-0 winners.
However, the defeat was harsh on West Ham, who were up against it from the moment referee Mike Dean brandished their fifth red card in 15 matches this season.
The game was spoiled as a spectacle when Algeria winger Feghouli's heavy first touch forced them into a 50-50 challenge with Phil Jones on the edge of United's area.
The tackle did not look malicious - although Jones certainly came off worse - but Dean stunned the London Stadium by producing a straight red.
Yet if West Ham felt a sense of injustice they certainly could not complain about the slice of fortune which kept the sides level 10 minutes before half-time.
United looked certain to score when Ibrahimovic crossed to Henrikh Mkhitaryan, who laid the ball back across goal to leave Antonio Valencia with a simple finish at the far post.
But Valencia managed to fire the ball back towards Darren Randolph, which was quite an achievement given the Hammers goalkeeper was stranded at the opposite post.
Still, that howler appeared not to matter as Randolph scooped the ball off the goal-line, straight to the feet of Jesse Lingard two yards out.
But the winger contrived to sidefoot their effort against the post before the ball bounced back along the line and into the grateful arms of the still grounded Randolph.
Meanwhile the 10 men, having somehow repelled United for the best part of half an hour, could have gone in ahead at the interval but for a fingertip save from David de Gea to keep out Manuel Lanzini's curler.
They went even closer after half-time when Lanzini's through-ball sent Michail Antonio clean through but the winger's finish was too close to De Gea, who made the save.
That miss proved even more crucial when United made the breakthrough in the 63rd minute.
Rashford skipped past the challenges of Havard Nordtveit and Pedro Obiang down the left before cutting the ball back for Mata to guide in from 10 yards out.
Ibrahimovic put the game to bed with 12 minutes left when Pedro Obiang made a hash of clearing Ander Herrera's shot and, as the West Ham defence stood and watched, the Swedish star, who looked to be in an offside position, rifled the ball home to ensure United's winning run continued.
Severe storms spawn tornadoes, damage homes in Southeast US
hello
Clouds and wind move through the Atlanta area, Monday, March 19, 2018. More than 29 million people, including millions in Atlanta, face a threat of severe storms that could bring large, damaging winds and strong tornadoes to the southeastern United States, forecasters said. Associated Press
This photo provided by Johnny Tribble shows a damaged house after a tornado, Tribble said, passed the area in Ardmore, Ala., Monday, March 19, 2018. Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night. (Johnny Tribble via AP) Associated Press
ATLANTA -- Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night.
Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than 29 million people, raising the risk of powerful tornadoes, damaging winds and hail the size of tennis balls.
Cities in northern Alabama reported power outages, and the National Weather Service in Huntsville reported at least three confirmed tornadoes in the area.
In Limestone County, an Alabama county on the Tennessee border, the sheriff's office posted photos online of houses with roofs ripped off and outbuildings torn from their foundations. Several roads were closed because of power lines or trees, the office tweeted. But it had no reports of injuries from the storms.
The athletic director at Jacksonville State University said late Monday there was significant damage to the campus.
"I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed," Greg Seitz said in a tweet.
Seitz later tweeted that they were still surveying the campus but that there was major roof damage to two halls, adding that theirs was thankful that JSU was on spring break this week and that most students are out of town.
Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward.
Forecasters said the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7.5 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (115 kph).
"The potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility," Alabama state meteorologist Jim Stefkovic said at a news conference.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. The storms are the first severe weather to threaten the state this year.
School systems from central Tennessee as far south as Birmingham, Alabama, let out early, hoping students and staff would have time to get home before the storms moved through.
The threatened storms come one day before the official start of spring, and are "by far the most impressive setup we've seen so far this year," said Kurt Weber, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Huntsville, Alabama.
"We can't rule out a strong tornado east of Interstate 65 at this point with all the ingredients coming together," Weber added. "Hopefully not, but definitely a possibility."
They said golf ball to tennis ball-sized hail, which can do serious damage to buildings and cars, was possible.
"This is one of those days you want to put the car in the garage if you can," Weber said.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabamians to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
"We are not taking the situation lightly," Ivey said. "Severe weather is unpredictable and that is why it is paramount we prepare ahead of time."
The University of Alabama suspended operations Monday from 6:30 p.m. to midnight, meaning classes and campus activities were cancelled, libraries closed and shelters were opened on campus.
___
Associated Press writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Alabama, Mallory Moench in Montgomery, Alabama, and Kate Brumback in Atlanta contributed to this report.
DCC sends condolences to Harper family
The President, Executive and members of the Demerara Cricket Club (DCC) regret the passing of Mrs. Lynette Harper, the mother of two of the stalwart members of the club– Roger and Mark Harper.
The Club sympathizes with our colleagues and joins with them in mourning the loss of their dear mother.
It is our sincere wish that the Divine Architect of the Universe will endow them with strength of character, courage and fortitude to withstand and endure this difficult period of bereavement – as we are sure in the knowledge that “TO LIVE IN THE HEARTS OF THOSE WE LEAVE BEHIND IS NOT TO DIE.”
Them memory will forever burn bright and clear in the hearts and minds of the Harper brother's extended family at the Demerara Cricket Club (DCC).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- One hundred and nineteen. That's how many Kansas City, Missouri police officers have been killed in the line of duty since 1874.
On Tuesday, the department's newest recruits are honoring those officers who've gone before them.
At KCPD headquarters, a memorial statue sits in front of the building.
The statue has the names of the 119 officers who paid the ultimate sacrifice. On Tuesday, the police academy's recruits revived a tradition to pay tribute to the fallen officers.
The 162nd entrant officer class and academy staff ran through downtown until they arrived at police headquarters.
There, they did push-ups in front of the statue.
Police Chief Rick Smith talked to the group about the run, saying the effort serves as a time of respect and team building.
Afterward, the group continued running, for a total of about two miles.
“They're learning to work as a team, right? You saw them out there. I think everyone downtown was impressed by what they saw. That helps them feel good about what they're doing and what they chose to do and the journey they are about to embark on," Chief Smith said. “I think it has been a tradition in the past and they are trying to bring it back to them, you know. This is the end of their Academy time and they want it to be more significant. They are about to embark on this journey and that's what this symbolism is to pay respect.”
All of those recruits just successfully passed their final training last week. They'll graduate on May 17 and then join different departments across the metro.
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when they drove their car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and their site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay them a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where they went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
Next week marks a year since the General Election, and an amazing first year as your MP.
I've been working hard to get out and meet as many people and as many community groups and good causes locally as I can.
I've visited 20 local schools, exchanged more than 5,000 emails with constituents, sent 40 email newsletters and kept 50,000 people a month updated via my Facebook page.
I promised to shout up for Mansfield and have mentioned the town more than 40 times in the House of Commons this last 12 months.
The town has been visited by seven ministers and Secretaries of State to see some of Mansfield's local issues first hand.
I promised to support our local homeless-ness services, and I made this an early priority.
I've held summits with all of the relevant local stakeholders, from councils to charities and businesses.
I've visited the vast majority of local services and soup kitchens, sourced £3,000 of charitable donations for the Beacon Project, and raised all of the issues direct with both the Homeless-ness Minister and the Home Secretary.
I said I would seek investment and promote the regeneration of our town.
I've supported proposals for new hotels at the Stags' ground and at the old bus station.
And I've been working with Visit Britain on a plan to get Mansfield a slice of Sherwood Forest's tourist trade.
I've constantly lobbied the council to figure out what their vision for the town centre looks like, and gathered more than 2,100 names on my petition for free parking.
Next month, I'm hosting a seminar to help local business with their online marketing skills and later in the year I want to offer support to local entrepreneurs to set up new businesses.
As you can see I'm working hard to deliver on my promises.
Things will take time but I know that we are so close to achieving some huge strides forward as I try to deliver the plan for Mansfield and I'm really looking forward to another great year to come.
Even before Rhode Island's NCAA tournament came to an end Saturday in the Round of 32 against Duke, speculation was running wild about the future of Rams coach Dan Hurley.
Stay or go. If it's go, where to?
There was no clarity, but maybe some progress Monday.
Both Connecticut and Pittsburgh, the prime candidates to pry Hurley away from Rhode Island, spoke with the coach, but no decision had yet been reached, according to multiple reports.
Hurley was set to meet with Rams athletic director Thorr Bjorn on Tuesday, according to ESPN's Jeff Goodman. Heart Connecticut Media's Jeff Jacobs reported that UConn was “closing in on an agreement” with Hurley but that Pitt was continuing its pursuit.
Hurley has led the Rams to the NCAA tournament the last two years and signed a seven-year contract with Rhode Island worth approximately $1 million per year last off-season. UConn was paying Kevin Ollie, who led the team to the 2014 NCAA title before being fired after this season, an average of $3 million per season while Kevin Stallings reportedly was due a buyout of nearly $10 million when they were fired by Pitt this season.
What Hurley will have to weigh beyond the financial circumstances will be their ability to win at either UConn or Pitt, should they decide to move on from Rhode Island.
Ollie – well, really Shabazz Napier and Ryan Boatright – showed you can win a national title out of the AAC at UConn. The league adding Wichita State only strengthens that point. Pitt, meanwhile, may be a tougher job now than it was when Jamie Dixon had it rolling since their move from the Big East to the ACC.
Here is the weather forecast for Monday, January 2.
The region is waking up to a sunny but frosty morning.
Showers and winds are possible later, but these should ease by the afternoon with the maximum temperature around 4°C.
Tonight skies will remain clear but temperatures will fall below freezing, around -2°C.
When your business relies on working with clients, you must establish a relationship with them. Hopefully that relationship is a good one and beneficial to everyone.
Of course there are times when conflicts occur that must be resolved. While you may be able to work through most of them, sometimes there is no resolution.
Clues That It's Time to Cut Ties With a Client
Here are some clues that will help you to know when you should drop a client immediately.
1. Refusal to Sign a Contract
Most clients understand that contracts are important and must be signed before work can begin. However there are times when you may run across a client who refuses to do so.
No matter that you've explained it's for their protection as well as yours, they won't budge on the issue. This is a clue that you should stop any work you are doing for this client.
With no contract it's possible they will take the work you do for them and not pay you for it. Worse, since no contract is in place, you have nothing to hold them to their word. You certainly don't want to work for free so don't give away your services with no contract.
2. Paying Late
In the event you get a contract signed you will still have clients who pay late. Without a doubt there are circumstances when this is unavoidable and even understandable.
However, if it becomes a habit rather than an exception this is your clue to drop a client immediately.
3. Short Paying
Being short paid is nearly as bad as being paid late. If clients short pay you they better have a good reason for it.
Even then, you don't have to accept it if the explanation is weak. In fact, this is a clue that you should drop them without hesitation. Then you can move on to a client who pays what you're worth on time, every time.
4. Paying Too Little
This is not the same as short paying. Paying too little means they simply aren't paying what you are worth. The best thing you can do is find a replacement client as soon as possible. Then, drop them as fast as you can.
5. Not Paying at All
Not paying at all is a no brainer. The client trusted you to do the work and you, in turn, trusted the client to pay you fairly. You held up your end of the bargain but they didn't. This is an enormous clue that you should drop a client immediately.
6. Requesting More Work Than Agreed Upon
This is also known as scope creep and is so named because it creeps up on you. At first a client will ask for small changes to your work every once in a while.
Pretty soon you're changing lots of things on each project and spending way too much time for the pay. This is something that should tell you to drop a client quickly.
7. Taking Advantage of Your Time
Obviously many people work remotely these days which means timelines don't always line up. Still, some clients have no problem requesting you work through your lunch hour, supper, and even late into the evening.
They may even text or call at all hours. Some are oblivious to the fact that because they are working at midnight it doesn't mean you are.
You don't have to put up with it or let them take advantage of you and your time.
This is why regular office hours are important. However, if you can't get cooperation it might be a clue to drop a client immediately.
Of course you want to have a good rapport with your clients. At the same time, there are sometimes clues that you should drop a client immediately. Otherwise you may risk loss of income or damage to your business.
Republished by permission. Original here.
Hyperscale regions will be delivered from Canberra Data Centres in the first half of 2018
Microsoft is opening two new hyperscale cloud regions in Canberra, to be located within Canberra Data Centres (CDC).
The two regions – Central 1 and 2 – are aimed squarely at government and its suppliers, and will double Microsoft's available regions in Australia, adding to those in Sydney and Melbourne. Both the new regions are due to be available in the first half of next year.
Microsoft's expansion into Canberra will be the first time public cloud services from a major provider are located in the same highly secure facilities as some of the nation's most sensitive data, the company said.
“Government is one of the biggest consumers and producers of data, and that data lives in CDC for the most part. If we can bring hyperscale cloud into the same data centres, where government data lives, we can have secure networking between them, we can have all of the capability of CDC from a physical and personnel and security perspective – we can help government really accelerate innovation and the modernisation of services,” James Kavanagh, principal program manager, Microsoft Azure ecosystem engineering, told Computerworld.
The new regions will initially offer core Azure services, with plans to expand the offering. Government agencies will also benefit from CDC's Intra Government Communications Network (ICON) connectivity.
“This is one of the largest investments we will make in this year. To partner with CDC on this, there are not many who can do that. I'm glad that it's us that are doing that,” Kavanagh added. “It's not small; we don't do small when we do hyperscale. It's big, big infrastructure.”
Get yourself Protected
Microsoft expects the regions will be able to service data classified at the Protected level and for the services to eventually be added to the Australian Signals Directorate's Certified Cloud Services List. Approval for an expanded range of Azure cloud services to handle Unclassified data was issued in June.
Work towards achieving the approval began two years ago, Kavanagh explained.
“It's a very intensive process to go through what it takes to do Protected assessment. It's years of work. It's full time engineering teams assigned to it. For us it is massive amounts of investment, of time and energy and willingness to listen to changes and adapt to requirements,” they said.
Microsoft's James Kavanagh and Greg Boorer, CEO of Canberra Data Centres
The assessment process for Protected certification began at the same time as for Unclassified certification which was granted earlier this year. The assessment involves Microsoft proving its products meet close to a thousand distinct security controls laid out in the ASD-maintained Information Security Manual, before the claims are verified by independent IRAP assessors and multiple ASD reviews.
Microsoft is quietly confident it will gain Protected certification.
IRAP assessors Shearwater concluded their report with a positive recommendation of Protected Certification for a range of services in both Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Office 365.
The two CDC campuses – in Fyshwick and Hume – are the only commercial data centre facilities in Australia with the security controls and Defence accreditations needed for the handling of Top Secret government data.
”You can't download the manual on how to run a secret building! We've built Canberra Data Centres from the ground-up over 10 years with a singular purpose to be the most trusted, flexible and resilient platform for government innovation. CDC is the only place where you can consume Protected cloud today” CDC CEO Greg Boorer told Computerworld.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — The city of Greenville has called on an outside consulting company to do an assessment of Greenville Fire/Rescue.
Developmental associates will be handling the evaluation and getting feedback from a number of parties including the city manager, fire chief, firefighters along with other departmental staff.
The assessment will look into what is and is not working within the department.
Greenville city manager Ann Wall released at statement on the assessment.
In part, it reads: “This assessment will help us identify what is working well, some of the key issues we face, and what opportunities there may be moving forward.”
NBC 7's Rory Devine reports on a survey regarding the legalization of marijuana in the city of Chula Vista. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
The City of Chula Vista is considering putting a measure on the ballot to legalize recreational marijuana and tax cannabis businesses.
The city hired a private research firm to conduct a scientific survey to find out how voters feel about the issue.
When is the best time? June? November? What is the chance of the measure passing?
In the online or phone survey, voters are asked if the city should impose up to a 15-percent tax on gross receipts of cannabis businesses, and up to $10 per square foot for cannabis cultivation, industrial, manufacturing and testing facilities. The survey says the tax could raise an estimated $6 million every year.
According to the survey, the money would be used to enforce health and safety laws governing cannabis businesses, provide public education about substance abuse, provide youth intervention programs in local schools, and provide other general city services in Chula Vista.
“If they spend the money the way they say they will spend it, then yes, I will support the tax,” said Myrna Hall.
“If it becomes legal, then whatever associated costs of doing that will be paid for without impact or costs on this city…I think it's a great idea to make it legal and it's a great idea to tax it, within reason,” Hall's husband Jim said.
But there were naysayers. One man who did not want to be identified said they were a heavy user of marijuana as a teenager.
“That's why I'm totally against it, I saw my own deterioration. I think it's going to happen to everyone else who uses it. I think our demise is coming,” they said.
Another voter, Fabian Perez, said that it doesn't make sense.
Perez could not reconcile legalizing marijuana, while using money from it to pay for education about drug abuse.
Other voters said marijuana is being sold illegally anyway, so why not tax it.
“It's already in our society and we have to manage it the best we can," Vernon Kjonegaard said. "Taxing is one way to manage it….It's the trend…It's the writing on the wall.”
The Chula Vista City Council will discuss an ordinance to put the measure on the ballot Feb. 6. The survey is continuing, and it is not known when the results will be made public.
SPORTS
Week 16 of the English Premier League sees Man City set a new record of 14 consecutive top-flight league wins after beating rivals Man Utd at Old Trafford, Chelsea loses to West Ham, and Swansea moves off the bottom three after beating West Brom at home.
The Premier League title race is over. With teams getting zapped at The Etihad like hypnotised flies heading into the great blue fly zapping yonder, Man Utd had to beat their rivals when they came to Old Trafford to entertain any possibility of catching up with the enemy.
And why not?
United hadn't lost at Old Trafford in 40-games, a run that reminded the fans of the good old days when Sir Alex's sides were so utterly dominant. If city's unbeaten run was going to end anywhere, this is where it was going to end.
But City's run didn't end. Instead, they set a new record for successive top flight league victories after recording their 14th win with a dominant 2-1 victory.
City controlled the game with United only seeing 35% possession, their lowest at home since Opta started recording such dainty statistics back in the early noughties.
The Blue half of Manchester took the lead in the 43rd minute, when Man of the Match, David Silva, was on hand to clear up a mess in the United penalty area after a corner from the right. It was a well-deserved lead. But United went into the half time interval on an even keel after a mistake from Fabian Delph allowed Marcus Rashford in on goal, and the teenager fired a low drive into the back of the net.
Pep Guardiola has an exceptional head-to-head record against Jose Mourinho, winning eight matches against the Special One, more than any other manager, and they made it nine after Nicolas Otamendi scored from six yards, after a Romelu Lukaku clearance rebounded in front of the Argentine defender.
Despite City's dominance, United could easily have pinched a point, when Romelu Lukaku had the opportunity to salvage a poor personal performance with a strike from inside the six-yard box, only to see Ederson save not once, but twice, when Juan Mata tried to squeeze in the rebound.
After the match, Mourinho slipped into their ‘poor loser' mode in a way that only Arsene Wenger can match, claiming that Michael Oliver failed to award a spot-kick when Otamendi clashed with Ander Herrera. The replay shows that the midfielder dived.
When asked if City would go on and win the league, Mourinho, replied that City is:
“Protected by the luck, and the gods of football.”
35% possession, Jose?
City lead by 11-points, meaning the side that's beating everyone needs to lose four times while the rest keep on winning hence the 1/25 odds that some bookmakers are offering for City winning the thing.
West Ham 1 v 0 Chelsea
From a team who only had 35% possession and lost in front of their home fans to one that had 31% and won.
West Ham, who hadn't won in the league since the end of September, have beaten the champions, Chelsea, effectively ending any chance Antonio Conte's side had of retaining their title.
The only goal of the game came in the sixth minute. Marko Arnautovic ending a dry spell that stretched back eight months to score their first goal for the Hammers after a cute one-two with Manuel Lanzini.
And then the bus moved in.
West Ham did what West Ham had to do to cling on, and Adrian, in the team ahead of Joe Hart, was brilliant at the back preventing Chelsea's talented forwards from registering.
“If you lose four games in 16, you're not in the race,” said Conte.
The bookies move the Champions out to a 33/1 long shot.
Swansea 1 v 0 West Brom
Swansea ensured they only spent one week at the foot of the table after beating West Brom at home by a goal to nil. It wasn't a classic. You would have had more fun watching a garage door opening and closing, but it was a massive three points for the Welsh side.
Both teams came into this tie in horrid form. Swansea hadn't won a game in seven (including six defeats), and the Baggies hadn't won in 13 attempts (after winning their two opening ties).
Swansea was always going to struggle in attack after losing Gylffi Sigurdsson and Fernando Llorente, but nobody would have expected them to have had fewer shots on goal than any other side in Europe's top five divisions.
Thankfully, an old favourite seems to have found their scoring boots. Before last week's strike against Stoke, Wilfried Bony had only scored once in their previous 28. The Ivorian doubled that tally with a 81st-minute thunderbolt after West Brom failed to clear their lines from a corner.
And it could have been two had Tammy Abraham not tried to lob the onrushing West Brom keeper when a simple pass to Luciano Narsingh would have left the Dutch winger with an open goal.
Swansea moves ahead of Palace by a single point after the Eagles drew at home to Bournemouth, and West Brom drops down to 17th, only escaping the bottom three on goal difference.
Despite the win, Paul Clement remains 5/4 to be the next Premier League manager to lose their job.
Results in Full
West Ham 1 v 0 Chelsea
Swansea 1 v 0 West Brom
Spurs 5 v 1 Stoke
Crystal Palace 2 v 2 Bournemouth
Burnley 1 v 0 Watford
Huddersfield 2 v 0 Brighton
Newcastle 2 v 3 Leicester
Southampton 1 v 1 Arsenal
Liverpool 1 v 1 Everton
Man Utd 1 v 2 Man City
Premier League Table
1. Man City – 46
2. Man Utd – 35
3. Chelsea – 32
4. Liverpool – 30
5. Arsenal – 29
6. Spurs – 28
7. Burnley – 28
8. Leicester – 23
9. Watford – 22
10. Everton – 19
11. Southampton – 18
12. Huddersfield – 18
13. Brighton – 17
14. Bournemouth – 16
15. Stoke – 16
16. Newcastle – 15
17. West Brom – 13
18. West Ham – 13
19. Swansea – 12
20. Crystal Palace – 11
Premier League Winning Odds (Courtesy of Bodog)
Man City 1/16
Man Utd 14/1
Chelsea 33/1
Liverpool 33/1
Comments
The rings have the red-garnet-coloured Toronto FC emblem in a black circle on the front, framed with the words MLS Cup on top and Champions below.
The player's name and number — complete with diamond — are on one side. The Philip F. Anschutz Trophy and team motto "All for One" adorns the other.
The team's 20-5-9 regular-season record and MLS record 59 points are inscribed on the inside of the ring. There are three stones stamped into the bottom of the ring to mark the three trophies won: the MLS Cup, Canadian Championship and Supporters' Shield.
Baron says it takes 10-12 weeks to make the rings. The process starts with a 3-D modelling program, which becomes a wax model that is cast.
The MLSE order called for 795 rings, with the exact bling varying over five different tiers.
"Every (MLSE) staff member is getting one," said Manning, who already has an MLS championship ring from 2009 with Real Salt Lake and a USL ring from 1999 with the Minnesota Thunder plus an NFC Conference champions ring in 2004 with the Philadelphia Eagles.
That includes the soccer team's "go-to babysitters" and BMO Field security.
"When we say all for one, it does mean everybody," said Manning
The staff rings are slated to be handed out Thursday.
The TFC boss declined to say how much the player rings cost.
"But I'll tell you that we as a company invested a lot of money not only for the players but our staff," they said.
Suffice to say you could probably buy a modest economy car with the cost of the deluxe players' ring.
The TFC players were quick to show off the new bling on social media. Striker Jozy Altidore posted a photo of themselves wearing the massive rink on their little finger.
"I would pinky swear, but my pinky ring is too big," they wrote.
Italian forward Sebastian Giovinco posted a close-up of their ring-wearing hand with the caption "The Lord of the Ring."
"Got a Ring!!!" tweeted defender Chris Mavinga, with several shots of their new jewelry.
Baron Championship Rings is a family affair, founded some 30 years ago. Richard Baron started with a Toronto jewelry store that did class and other rings but the business expanded into championship rings about 10 years ago.
Baron and Jostens, based out of Minneapolis, are the big players in championship bling. Jostens did the rings for the Houston Astros, Seattle Sounders, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots and Chicago Cubs to celebrate their recent titles and have partnered with the reigning NFL champion Philadelphia Eagles.
By the Bling
A look at the Toronto FC player championship rings:
— Each one has an approximate 3.30 carat weight.
— The ring includes 132 round brilliant diamonds, 42 princess-cut black diamonds, 2 custom-made black onyx stones (for the T logo), and a red garnet stone (with Toronto encrusted in it).
— The ring is 10-karat white gold ring with a 14-karat yellow gold star at the top.
— All rings weighs about 80 to 85 grams (depending on finger size), measuring 30 by 34 millimetres.
(Source: Baron Championship Rings)
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Your browser does not support iframes.
Listen to the audio player to hear Stevie Wonder‘s beautiful song, “As,” which Rickey Smiley dedicates to all the fathers and mothers who have stepped up, in the latest Praise Break!
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Get more Praise Breaks here and tune in to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” weekdays at 9:50 a.m. to hear the Praise Break LIVE!
RELATED: Praise Break: Tina Campbell Shares What Inspired The Song “Too Hard Not To” [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Praise Break: Bryan Popin On Struggles That Helped Him Write “I Got Out” [EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW]
RELATED: Praise Break: BeBe & CeCe Winans “Heaven” [EXCLUSIVE]
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
OAKLAND PARK (CBSMiami) – Just before noon Monday, Broward Sheriff's deputies were called out to an Oakland Park apartment complex to reports of a stabbing and child abduction.
“It's crazy because I've never seen anything like this ever before,” said Monica Boyd, who heard the commotion.
According to the Broward Sheriff's Office, Arnold Jean stabbed their mother's cousin at an apartment off NE 40th Street and 1st Avenue before taking off with their 2-year-old daughter.
The relative rushed to the hospital. The relative's condition is unknown.
“I just heard the commotion as far as like the breaks and their screaming. That's about it,” Boyd said.
Deputies placed crime scene tape around a white vehicle as they spoke with potential witnesses about what happened.
“When I came out, I saw that they were inside the white truck. Somebody ended up calling the ambulance for her,” Boyd said.
About an hour later, deputies said they arrested Jean about a block away and found the child unharmed.
The girl, who wasn't physically harmed, is in the care of family.
“We don't know who these people are or nothing like that or if they're from this area,” Boyd said.
BSO detectives continue to investigate what led up to the stabbing.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Twitter's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Prince's 2007 halftime performance during Super Bowl 41 in Miami is widely regarded as the best ever.
But Prince is rumored to be making an appearance of sorts Sunday night at U.S. Bank Stadium.
TMZ reports that a hologram of the Minnesota icon may make an appearance during Justin Timberlake's halftime performance.
The rumor is sure to upset die-hard Prince fans.
There was an alleged feud between the two stars, which began in 2006. Prince poked fun of Timberlake's song “SexyBack” at an Emmy awards party, where they were quoted as saying, “sexy never left.”
Timberlake then accepted a Golden Globe on Prince's behalf months later, and mocked their height in the acceptance speech.
News last week that Timberlake was going to hold a listening party for their new album at Paisley Park riled fans, especially because management secured a liquor license for the event.
Prince was a Jehovah's Witness and did not drink, nor did they allow alcohol at Paisley Park.
Prince recorded their music, filmed videos, held concerts and rehearsed for shows at Paisley Park from 1988 until 2016, when they were found dead there inside an elevator. The artist also lived at Paisley Park in their later years.
Sheila E, Prince's former collaborator and girlfriend, tweeted about the hologram controversy Saturday.
3:46 What's it like climbing 270 feet up to the top of a wind turbine? Pause
3:26 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
5:14 Bogus Basin's 75th anniversary kickoff party
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
1:14 Idaho QB Matt Linehan apologizes for postgame comments directed at President Staben
2:38 Take a walk on the Boise Greenbelt in the snow
Share
Can't find the perfect sticker for that text message or that Story? PicsArt's custom stickers — and 5 million free stickers — can now be accessed outside the photo editing app as a sticker keyboard. On Wednesday, May 30, PicsArt launched an Android-only sticker keyboard, a move that allows stickers from the app to be used inside third-party apps, including messaging platforms and social apps.
By activating the sticker keyboard, PicsArt's stickers, as well as each user's own custom stickers, becomes available in outside apps using the keyboard. The feature is available on any third-party app that supports outside stickers, including integrating those graphics into Instagram Stories, text messages, and other apps.
With so many stickers, the keyboard uses a search bar to help find the right option. The PicsArt sticker keyboard also allows for browsing by the trending stickers, as well as top stickers for the hashtags in the post. The keyboard also works with PicsArt's earlier option that allows users to create their own stickers within the app.
“We now have over 5 million free community stickers, and one of the largest and growing collections of free stickers in the world,” PicsArt CEO and founder Hovhannes Avoyan said in a statement. “Our new Android Sticker Keyboard enables any PicsArt Android user to take those stickers and utilize them off PicsArt, in messaging, social media and other creativity products and apps. This further illustrates our mission to be the best place to make, find and share awesome interactive content.”
To use the new keyboard, Android users first have to update the PicsArt app. Then, inside the device settings (not the PicsArt app itself), navigate to the language and input option and the keyboard menu. Tapping the toggle on the PicsArt Keyboard will turn the sticker keyboard on, bringing it into other apps that support keyboards. The PicsArt app also needs to be restarted before the keyboard appears in other apps once the settings are adjusted.
The PicsArt Keyboard begins rolling out to Android users on May 30. All Android users should see the update over the next few days. For new users, PicsArt is available as a free download from Google Play.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Authorities say a 31-year-old Wisconsin man was arrested for driving drunk and fleeing authorities among several charges after leading deputies on a short chase on Sunday in western Wisconsin.
The Barron County Sheriff's Office says the incident started at about 1 p.m. as a deputy attempted to stop a vehicle on Highway D south of Barron for a traffic violation. The driver didn't stop, and a chase ensued that reached speeds of about 100 miles per hour.
The driver, identified as Nicholas Mosay of Balsam Lake, Wis., stopped after about 3.5 miles. They were taken into custody and is being held in the Barron County Jail on suspicion of fleeing an officer, operating a motor vehicle while revoked, operating while intoxicated fifth offense, illegally possessing prescription drugs, felony bail jumping and a probation hold.
The incident is under investigation.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India takes stock after first phase of cash crunch
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Prithviraj, the young talent of Mollywood is all set to make their directorial debut, with the upcoming Mohanlal starrer Lucifer. In a recent interview given to a popular YouTube channel, Prithviraj opened up about Lucifer.
The actor revealed that they are not much tensed about their directorial debut, to the much surprise of their fans and audiences. According to Prithviraj, Lucifer would be pretty much an actor's film, which will give importance to the performances.
Interestingly, Prithviraj is not sure how prepared they are, for their directorial debut. The actor feels that they will get to know such things, once they start working for the project. However, Prithviraj clarified that Lucifer is not all about technical excellence.
The actor ensured that it will be an intense film, like all most of the films of the scriptwriter Murali Gopy. Prithviraj also revealed that they would like to have some great performances in the film, and confirmed that they have no plans to act in it.
Lucifer, which marks the first collaboration of Mohanlal with writer Murali Gopy, is expected to go on floors by the beginning of 2018. The movie, which is produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas, has been slated to release for Onam 2018.
RENO, NV--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) -
Winter is cooling off the housing industry, but the number of homes reaching all-time high prices continues to grow -- even as some markets are turning negative.
National home prices have crept upward at a pace of 0.9% over the last quarter, a rate that's holding steady since last month. Despite an expected winter slowdown in real estate activity, nationwide annual price growth has actually increased 0.3% since last month to 6.1%, the highest reported year-over-year price growth since February 2015.
While national quarterly growth rates have remained stable so far this winter, underlying regional quarterly growth patterns have begun to shift in some areas. Home prices in the Midwest have grown at 0.8% over the last rolling quarter, a slight decrease of 0.2% from 1.0% since last month. Conversely, price growth in the Northeast has actually increased by an identical margin, upticking 0.2% to a quarterly average of 0.7%. In the Southern and Western regions of the nation, however, quarterly growth appears to be holding steady at a 1.0% quarter-over-quarter price increase.
The San Jose, CA metro area is once again reporting negative quarterly price growth this month since initially turning downward in December 2016. After a temporary uptick to a neutral rate of 0.0% quarterly price change in January, prices in the formerly booming housing market of San Jose have fallen 0.3% over the last quarter. This time, the San Jose MSA area isn't the only market in the nation where quarterly growth is in the red -- the Hartford, CT metro area is now also experiencing negative quarterly price growth, where home prices have too fallen by 0.3% since fall.
Apart from these two negative MSAs, most markets are growing at impressive rates for a mid-winter check-in. Portland, OR is currently the nation's fastest growing market and has been steadily growing around the 2% QoQ mark since last fall. In total, 8 major metro markets are growing at 1.5% QoQ or higher, compared to only 3 metro areas above this mark this time last year.
Continued, long-term price growth has pushed several MSAs to all-time price highs, and our Home Data Index now indicates that 16 out of the nation's top 50 largest metropolitan housing markets have surpassed the peak prices of the housing bubble. Outside of these major markets, dozens of other micro markets are also breaking glass ceilings and selling at all-time high prices. In total, these record-breaking major metro and micro markets account for around a third of the total national housing stock. In those markets that haven't quite yet reached pre-recession price levels, an additional 5% of the national housing stock is less than 5.8% -- the national rate of price growth in 2016 -- from surpassing 2006 price levels.
National price growth is predicted to moderate in 2017 with annual growth projections in the 2-3% range. However, if growth is anywhere close to the levels we saw in 2016, nearly 40% of homeowners nationwide who purchased during the height of the housing bubble could be safely above water by the end of 2017. For homeowners who purchased either before or after the record prices of Spring 2006, the proportions are even larger.
"Following several rounds of healthy, peak-season summer growth, winter gains thus far this season have remained relatively healthy across much of the country," states Alex Villacorta, Ph.D., Vice President of Research and Analytics at Clear Capital. "And as prices have continued to climb in the long term during the post-housing crash, the large portion of the housing market that has been frozen in negative equity has shrunk significantly -- meaning that an increasingly large portion of previously underwater homeowners may now have the option of entering the market. While the expected spring housing boost is still months away, an influx of fresh new demand on the market could further boost growth potential later this year -- as long as there are no other shocks to the market."
Top 30 MSAs January 2017
The January 2017 file of the Top 30 MSAs is available by accessing our data on the Bloomberg Professional service by typing CLCA or by contacting:
Brian Opsal
Vice President, Marketing
brian.opsal@clearcapital.com
Phone: 530.550.2546
About the Clear Capital® Home Data Index (HDI) Market Report
The Clear Capital HDI Market Report provides insights into market trends and other leading indices for the real estate market at the national and local levels. A critical difference in the value of the HDI Market Report is the capability of Clear Capital to provide more timely and granular reporting than nearly any other home price index provider.
Clear Capital® HDI Methodology
Generates the timeliest indices in patent pending rolling quarter intervals that compare the most recent four months to the previous three months. The rolling quarters have no fixed start date and can be used to generate indices as data flows in, significantly reducing the multi-month lag time experienced with other indices.
Includes both fair market and institutional (real estate owned) transactions, giving equal weight to all market transactions and identifying price tiers at a market specific level. By giving equal weight to all transactions, the HDI is truly representative of each unique market.
Results from an address-level cascade create an index with the most granular, statistically significant market area available.
Provides weighted repeat sales and price-per-square-foot index models that use multiple sale types, including single-family homes, multi-family homes, and condominiums.
About Clear Capital®
Clear Capital is a nationwide provider of real estate valuations, data and analytics, quality assurance services and technology solutions. The Company's customers include mortgage lenders, servicers, investors, GSEs, and Ratings Agencies. Clear Capital products include appraisals, broker price opinions, property condition inspections, value reconciliations, appraisal review and risk scoring, automated valuation models, home data indices, and platform solutions. The Company's innovative technology, experienced valuation experts, and a well-trained network of more than 30,000 field experts sets a new standard for accurate, up-to-date, and well documented valuation data and assessments. Morningstar Credit Rating issued Clear Capital its highest Residential Vendor Ranking - MOR RV1. Clear Capital's home price data can be accessed on the Bloomberg Professional service by typing CLCA .
The information contained in this report is based on sources that are deemed to be reliable; however no representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness, or fitness for any particular purpose of any information contained herein. This report is not intended as investment advice, and should not be viewed as any guarantee of value, condition, or other attribute.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130298/Images/Graph_1-d895d190325ebc7db53696fd28568af2.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130298/Images/Graph_2-7a17b16623269e55b935dfb0e77c0304.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130298/Images/National-60e44d964ad184e9ac8b2bf854cf2a4f.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130298/Images/Highest-5a678f0d581c9cef929c4014f7dd542d.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130298/Images/Lowest-fc11a0bf40969564b1c52c3467b62903.jpg
Kremlin denies intelligence links during Trump campaign
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Researcher Tiina Jaaskelainen points out a possible sighting of wildlife aboard the Finnish icebreaker MSV Nordica as it traverses the Northwest Passage through the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, Saturday, July 22, 2017. As the icebreaker entered Victoria Strait, deep inside the Northwest Passage, those onboard looked for a shadow moving in the distance or a flash of pale yellow in the expanse of white that would signal the presence of the world's largest land predator. David Goldman AP Photo
BANNING palm oil in favour of other vegetable oils deemed less destructive to the environment could lead to greater biodiversity losses, a new report says.
The report by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) comes amid mounting debate about the use of palm oil, with the European Union seeking to phase out the use of the ubiquitous commodity in biofuels by 2030, citing environmental and human rights violations in the production of the commodity.
But existing vegetable oils that could theoretically replace palm oil would be far more damaging to the environment because they would need more land, according to the IUCN report, titled “Palm Oil and Biodiversity.”
SEE ALSO: UK supermarket ban on palm oil angers producers in Indonesia, Malaysia
The production of palm oil is characterised by its high yield relative to other vegetable oils, meaning more of it can be produced from a given area of farmland than other oil crops. The latter require up to nine times more land than oil palms to produce the same amount of oil.
Palm oil is currently produced from just 10 percent of all farmland dedicated to growing oil crops, yet accounts for 35 percent of the global volume of all vegetable oils.
“Half of the world's population uses palm oil in food, and if we ban or boycott it, other, more land-hungry oils will likely take its place,” IUCN director general Inger Andersen said in a press release.
Indonesia and Malaysia are the world's biggest producers of palm oil, accounting for a combined 90 percent of global supply. However, the expansion of oil palm estates, particularly in Indonesia, has long been criticised for driving deforestation across much of the islands of Sumatra and Borneo, as well as stoking social conflicts over land and other resources with forest and indigenous communities.
Feeding global demand for vegetable oils with other crops would only shift the damage elsewhere, to ecosystems such as the tropical forests and savannas of South America, the IUCN report said. One such oil crop widely cultivated in South America is soy, which has already had a massive negative impact on biodiversity in the region.
Studies have linked the cultivation of soy to lower bird diversity in Brazil and Argentina. Much of Brazil's soy production takes place in the Cerrado, a vast tropical savanna that's home to rare and threatened species found nowhere else.
SEE ALSO: Southeast Asia's vanishing sand bans are destroying the region
A recent report by the global environmental campaign NGO Mighty Earth found that 30,000 acres of forest, or about 12,100 hectares, were being cleared to plant new soy fields in northern Argentina, which supply some of the companies producing soy-based biodiesel for export to the US.
“When we look at soybean use of production there, we [sent] a team to Argentina, and we found tremendous damage to the forest,” Henry Waxman, chairperson of Mighty Earth, said at a panel discussion at the Oslo Tropical Forest Forum in Norway on June 28.
The IUCN report emphasised that even though palm oil was the most efficient oil crop, it needed to be deforestation-free to halt the destruction of biodiversity in Southeast Asia and other regions where it's produced. The current practice of producing palm oil remains highly destructive, leading to the decimation of tropical rainforests and the species that depend on them, the report said.
Orangutans, gibbons and tigers are among the 193 threatened species on the IUCN's Red List that would be affected by the continued expansion of oil palm plantations into forest areas — a menagerie of biodiversity representing half of the world's threatened mammals and almost two-thirds of threatened birds.
“Palm oil is decimating Southeast Asia's rich diversity of species as it eats into swathes of tropical forest,” said Erik Meijaard, the report's lead author and chair of IUCN's oil palm task force. “But if it is replaced by much larger areas of rapeseed, soy or sunflower fields, different natural ecosystems and species may suffer.”
What's next?
The report found that by far the biggest gains for biodiversity in an oil palm context are through avoiding further deforestation, which can be achieved through improved planning of new plantations and better management of forest patches left untouched in plantations.
The report also recommended stakeholders push for greater demand for sustainably produced palm oil, thereby putting pressure on producers to improve their practices.
“With most palm oil being supplied to India, China, and Indonesia, consumer awareness in these countries needs to be raised to ensure that this demand will materialise,” the report read.
Adrian Suharto, the head of stakeholder engagement at Finland-based biodiesel supplier Neste Corporation, agreed with the report's recommendations.
“The most important thing is that what you buy is sustainable and you educate people and help support the local government in Indonesia and Malaysia, Thailand, Colombia, and everywhere else to understand the importance of having sustainable production [of palm oil],” they said at the Oslo Tropical Forest Forum.
The European Federation for Transport and Environment, an umbrella for NGOs working in the field of transport and the environment, said the best solution would be to completely remove biofuel mandates and incentives for crop-based biofuels that force people to use biofuel.
It cited as a case in point the EU's 2009 policy requiring every EU member state to have 10 percent renewable fuels by 2020.
SEE ALSO: When palm oil meets politics, Indonesian farmers pay the price
The EU is now revising its renewable energy policy, which will remove the incentives for crop-based fuels starting from 2020. It will also phase out the use of palm oil in biodiesel, which Laura Buffet, the manager for clean fuels at the transport and environment federation, said was a move in the right direction.
“I agree that if you keep the same drivers and the same high target, and you just remove one feedstock from the equation, it'll be likely to be filled by something else,” they said at the Oslo forum. If those alternatives are soy or rapeseed oil, they added, “you will also look at indirect impact and deforestation, so it's not going to solve entirely the issue.”
“That's why we're asking for reducing or completely removing the mandate, and that's going to be the best solution.”
This article originally appeared on Mongabay.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Scottish Borders Council is to press the Scottish Government for more cash to pay for the repair of public roads damaged by commercial forestry operations.
It follows a recent review by the local authority's watchdog scrutiny committee which took evidence on the impact of timber transport on the region's ailing road network.
SBC's executive agreed on Tuesday to accept scrutiny's recommendation that council leader David Parker should write to the Scottish Government asking it to consider the effect and cost to rural roads and communities both now and in the future.
And they will specifically demand “more funding for the road infrastructure to prepare the public road network … and rectify any resultant damage … caused by timber extraction”.
In support of their case, Mr Parker will cite the fact that commercial forests cover 18.5% of the Borders land area – the highest concentration of the industry in the UK and well above the total Scottish coverage of 14%.
In addition, an Audit Scotland report revealed last year that 42% of the 750km of C roads in the Borders and 57% of the 1,159km of unclassified roads – which SBC has a statutory duty to maintain – were in need of repair, compared to Scotland-wide averages of 37% and 38% respectively.
And although only a contributory factor, the timber transport sector, worth around £50million a year to the Scottish economy and supporting 1,200 full-time jobs, makes no financial contribution to the repair of these roads which, unlike A and B routes, are not classified as “agreed routes” for timber transportation.
During the scrutiny review, James England, south of Scotland timber transport officer, who liaises between councils and the industry, said many of the forests in the Borders were planted in the 1970s and were now maturing, leading to “a substantial increase in timber traffic”.
“The majority of planting was in remote areas with poor access through narrow, rural roads which were inherently weak and not suitable for heavy timber vehicles,” they stated.
The committee heard that the Scottish Government aspired to increase annual production nationally from 7.4million tonnes in 2014 to 10million tonnes through to 2035 and was being lobbied by the timber transport industry for a long-term investment plan “to ensure the road network can meet the increasing demands of the industry”.
Sharing that hope and welcoming this week's executive decision to seek more funding from the Scottish Government, Councillor George Turnbull, chair of the scrutiny committee, told The Southern: “At meetings of community councils, especially rural ones, we hear about damage to road surfaces and verges, issues of noise and convoying and of rural roads being blocked while stacked timber is being loaded onto lorries.
“With more landowners being encouraged to plant out trees, this is costly problem which is not going to go away.”
Meanwhile, the need for more investment in the region's roads infrastructure was acknowledged last week in the outgoing council's budget which, despite cuts in other service areas, will see combined capital and revenue spending on the network increased to £15.6million in 2017/18.
Your cute, fluffy, companion that you may have just picked up from the pet store, could make you violently ill.
There's an outbreak in Florida called campylobacter. It's an infectious disease that causes diarrhea, vomiting and fever; and you could get it if you're a sucker for puppy love.
The illness is spread from puppy to person through dog waste.
“I didn't even know this was a thing, so just hearing this now it's really shocking,” Jordan Farrell of Fort Myers said.
The shocking new information was released by the Centers for Disease Control.
There are 55 people nationwide infected with the bacterial illness, 13 of which are here in Florida.
The virus has been connected to Petland, a pet store chain which has 77 locations across the country, including the one on College Parkway in Fort Myers.
“Pet Stores like Petland, while they provide good ways to purchase dogs, people should adopt dogs since there are plenty of dogs in need instead of puppies,” Caroline Kura of Fort Myers said.
Some people said the news could potentially postpone a puppy purchase.
“Yeah I'd be very concerned about it. I would probably even postpone getting a dog until it was resolved,” Scott Marchesi of Fort Myers said.
Thirteen people have been hospitalized, but no deaths have been reported.
Petlands corporate headquarters did issue a statement saying Petland has doubled its efforts in educating staff and customers about proper hand sanitization.
The CDC said proper handwashing is an effective way to prevent the infection.
A Las Vegas group is helping those less fortunate take care of their pets. Street Dogz focuses on helping dogs and cats, but volunteers also help their human owners find jobs and housing.
Yoga, Sunday Morning, Pacific Ocean
Breath enters your scrabbled body,
ribcage opens to light. You begin
to shift the rocks barnacled
to your belly. Begin to remember
a sea turtle you saw once
in the cove, just across the way.
You can spend each morning
lifting up your chest, and still
that curve of shell could have been
a gloss of seaweed. Still, your belly
is filled with stones. Still, your
bent limbs become
an outline on the edge of your life.
This is what wakes you,
pulls you to light. There is the long
stretching of the sea, the bowing
of the grass. There, in the distance
a soft splash.
All you can do is begin.
Header photo of Alaskan coast by skeeze, courtesy Pixabay.
AUSTIN, TX--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - DockerCon -- StackIQ, makers of one of the industry's fastest bare metal provisioning platform, Stacki, today announced support for Docker with a new Stacki Pallet. A Stacki Pallet is a set of software packages and code that run on the Stacki framework along with specialized installation and configuration information about applications. The new Stacki Pallet for Docker enables the consistency and configuration required for a functioning Docker installation. The Stacki Pallet for Docker runs Docker Community Edition (17.03.0), and has Docker Swarm mode baked in (installs and validates it automatically). StackIQ is exhibiting at DockerCon 17.
"Docker deployments that require consistent performance and high utilization should be run on bare metal," said Joe Kaiser, Director of Open Source Engineering. "The Stacki Pallet with Docker Swarm Mode dramatically eases and accelerate Docker deployments on bare metal, taking the user from bare metal to containers in one step."
Stacki is one of the fastest bare metal provisioning tools in the industry, with users reporting deployment times accelerated from weeks (manually) to mere hours with Stacki. Stacki's bare metal cluster installer is popular in many use cases including DevOps, data center automation and refresh, lab automation and private cloud automation.
Well over a million Linux servers are under management by Stacki, and its open source sibling, the Rocks Cluster Distribution (Stacki includes software developed by the Rocks Cluster Group at the San Diego Supercomputer Center at the University of California, San Diego, and its contributors).
Stacki Pallet for Docker Swarm Resources:
Landing Page and Download links for the Stacki Pallet for Docker Community Edition and Docker Swarm.
Recorded Webinar: How to auto deploy Docker Swarm using the Stacki Pallet
Stacki Resources:
StackIQ website
Stacki videos
Follow us on Twitter
Join Stacki in Google Groups
Go to the Stacki repository on GitHub
StackiFest17:
StackIQ's annual user conference, StackiFest17 will be held in San Francisco on Thursday, April 27th. StackiFest brings together Stacki users and partners, for a full day of technical sessions on bare metal provisioning and how it applies to various use cases such as Hadoop cluster installs, containers, DevOps, data center automation, building appliances and private cloud automation. StackiFest17 will feature sessions from users including Flex, Empowered Benefits and NIST as well updates from the founders and CEO of StackIQ.
Registration, agenda, happy hour, and all about StackiFest17.
About Stacki:
Open Source Stacki is a bare metal provisioning platform that is used by medium-sized and web scale enterprises to provision and manage bare metal clusters, some of which are as large as 3000+ nodes. Provisioning hundreds or thousands of nodes with Stacki's parallel installer takes the same ease and nearly the same speed as provisioning one node.
Stacki Pallets contain software packages and code that run on the Stacki framework along with specialized installation and configuration information about applications such as Kubernetes and Hortonworks. Application Pallets are open source and are developed by the community as well as by StackIQ.
Stacki Pro is the commercial version of Stacki that includes support for additional Linux distributions, external storage platforms, an easy-to-use GUI, and dedicated support from the StackIQ engineering team. Stacki Pro enables customers to go from bare metal to a running application in a single step with full stack automation.
About StackIQ:
StackIQ, the company that develops and supports Stacki, is venture-backed and was founded by some of the original developers of the Rocks Cluster Distribution at the San Diego Supercomputer Center. StackIQ helps customers automate the provisioning and management of small to large bare metal environments for a variety of use cases including big data, container deployment, building appliances, data center automation and private cloud automation. To date, the company has helped over 150 organizations automate over 1 Million Linux servers thereby saving over 560 years worth of manual installation and configuration tasks.
StackIQ is based out of Solana Beach, California. Go to www.stackiq.com for more information.
Embedded Video Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mrpvCwy1Vs
by Nora Estrin
Days Lengthen
Gray, icy weather hides the approach of spring. But by February 1 the crow flocks break up into family units, migrating birds start moving north, and days lengthen. The sun comes out, the wind dies, and fora moment, its rays almost feel hot. It's no accident that Valentine's Day is in February
Share this:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton hits a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Miami. Lynne Sladky AP Photo
PHOENIX — Joshua Braun scored 14 points to help spark Grand Canyon's wire-to-wire, 89-55 rout of Chicago State in a Western Athletic Conference contest Saturday night.
Chicago State has now lost 19 straight.
Grand Canyon opened the game with back-to-back-to-back 3-pointers by Alessandro Lever, Casey Benson and Braun and never trailed. By halftime, the Antelopes led 36-27. Benson hit a layup and followed it with a 3 to push the lead to 46-27 barely two minutes into the second half. Grand Canyon finished with 11 3-pointers on 27 attempts (40.7 per cent).
Grand Canyon (17-7, 6-2) had its four-game win streak snapped by Utah Valley and the Lopes now have won back-to-back games.
Oscar Frayer had 12 points and Keonta Vernon added 10 points and grabbed eight rebounds for the Antelopes, who had 15 players see action and 13 figures in the scoring.
Glen Burns scored 12 points to lead Chicago State (2-23, 0-8).
Apple confirmed Monday that it is in the final stages of acquiring music recognition app Shazam.
“Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users,” Apple said an statement. “We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Apple Acquires Music Recognition App Shazam
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
SHARE COPY LINK The Boise State football team held its annual Spring Game on Saturday, April 14, at Albertsons Stadium. Hall of Fame inductees were introduced before the start of the scrimmage while Boise State football had some fun with a game of tug-of-war afte Kelsey Grey kgrey@idahostatesman.com
The Boise State football team held its annual Spring Game on Saturday, April 14, at Albertsons Stadium. Hall of Fame inductees were introduced before the start of the scrimmage while Boise State football had some fun with a game of tug-of-war afte Kelsey Grey kgrey@idahostatesman.com
Crews were responding to a report of a brush fire in the Clairemont area of San Diego.
The fire started at 6:59 p.m. on Regents road and eastbound State Route 52, according to the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department (SDFD).
Strike teams are on the scene.
No other information was available.
Please refresh this page for updates on this story. Details may change as more information becomes available.
Lon Allan has lived in Atascadero for nearly five decades, and their column is published every week. Reach them at 805-466-8529 or leallan@tcsn.net .
Scammers are out to screw your grandma Grandmas and grandpas don't usually spend thousands of dollars on iTunes gift cards — unless, that is, they are being coerced. A friend's grandmother ran into the following scam last...
Federal Reserve heads battle over GDP accuracy It's a cage match with slide rules between Bill Dudley and Dennis Lockhart over measuring gross domestic product. Dudley, the New York Fed chief, is locking horns with Lockhart, the...
Yellen warns NY Fed chief about their 'cozy' relationships Janet Yellen to Bill Dudley: Don't get too comfortable. The Federal Reserve is clamping down again on Dudley, the chief of the once powerful New York arm of the central...
Goldman Sachs and the state of ‘unfair ways' What the hell am I doing here? By “here” I mean inside the Manhattan state courthouse at 111 Center St. where Justice Daniel Conviser on Wednesday started presiding over District...
DC Fed wrestles away big-bank oversight from New York The most feared man on Wall Street is in Washington, DC. Federal Reserve Board Governor Daniel Tarullo has quietly wrestled control of big bank oversight from the New York Fed....
Senator threatens Dudley's job over Fed chief's banking ties A top banking regulator criticized for greasing the so-called revolving door between the government and Wall Street might be forced to take a spin himself. William Dudley, the president of...
New York Fed chief to be grilled over banker relationships Call them Dudley Do-Wrong. Bill Dudley, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, is scheduled for grilling Friday before a skeptical Senate committee looking into the revolving door...
European fintech deals hit 5-year high in 2016
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Brandon Gamble died after rescuing their five children from a house fire in Clayton County, Georgia. Screenshot from Brandon Gamble's Facebook
An anti-immigrants group on Facebook has sparked outrage after its members launched into a tirade against Muslims — having confused a photo of some empty bus seats for women wearing burqas.
The embarrassing blunder was made by the Norwegian Fedrelandet viktigst online community, which translates to Fatherland First.
One user, Johan Slattavik, reportedly uploaded the photo of the empty bus in Oslo as a “little practical joke,” to see how people would react.
They told WorldViews that the reaction gave them a “good laugh” and admitted they were shocked by how many people fell for it.
Many users who mistook the empty seats for people wearing the conservative Muslim dress claimed that the image was proof of the “Islamification” of Norway.
Earlier this year, Norway's right-wing government proposed a so-called burqa ban, following in the footsteps of Austria.
A Fedrelandet viktigst member branded the “figures” on the bus a “disease,” while others called them “motherf–kers” and “disgusting.”
Writing in Norwegian, one commented: “Not possible to see if they are men or women — if they have piles of stolen goods under the bed sheets — or at worst weapons and bombs.”
Another feared they could be “terrorists,” and one wrote: “Should be considered a ban on such seats by the Ministry of Transport.”
One user wrote: “Get them out of our country… Frightening times we are living in.”
Though one member of the group did twig that they were simply empty bus seats, but added that they “look scary.”
It was spotted by Facebook user Sindre Beyer, who took screenshots of the shameful reactions and shared them in a separate post.
They captioned it: “What happens when a photo of some empty bus seats is posted to a disgusting Facebook group and nearly everyone thinks they see a bunch of burqas?”
While many people saw the funny side, others reacted angrily at the blatant racism.
One wrote: “I can definitely see the humor in it, but with that being said I'm left shaking my head over the fact that people could react like that; sad.”
Another commented: “Don't know if I'm gonna laugh or cry.”
Sindre told the Norwegian site Nettavisen that they have been following the 13,000-strong group for a while.
“I'm shocked by how much hate and fake news is spread there,” they said.
“The hatred that was displayed toward some empty bus seats really shows how much prejudices trump wisdom.
“That's why I shared the post so that more people can see what is happening in the dark corners of the web.”
A man bombarded their partner with abusive texts and threatened to kill himself.
Christopher Borland, 26, said there would be “fireworks” during a string of abusive messages to Kirsty Cosgrove on January 22.
They breached their bail conditions by contacting them after admitting acting in a threatening manner towards them at an address in Dundee on December 7 last year.
Dundee Sheriff Court heard how on that night Borland went to their home to visit them and their young child around 5pm.
They were allowed to stay the night but an argument ensued over Ms Cosgrove's other child, of which Borland is not the father.
Fiscal depute Kirsten Letford said: “The accused refused to leave when asked to do so by Kirsty Cosgrove and they threatened to call the police.
“Ms Cosgrove lifted their phone from their purse and the accused snatched the phone from their saying, ‘You're no phoning the police on me'.
“The accused then grabbed their arms violently before the phone dropped to the floor.”
Ms Cosgrove managed to call 999 and Borland quickly left the scene.
They eventually handed themselves in to police HQ on December 12 and gave a no-comment interview.
On January 21, Ms Cosgrove received a text at home from Borland which read: “I love you two so much you know.”
They responded saying: “I love you too.
“This is why it's so hard.
“I want to be with you but I'm scared you'll lose the plot and really hurt us.”
The next day Borland accused Ms Cosgrove of being unfaithful and the pair began arguing.
They said: “You'd be better moving away and changing your name.
“There will be fireworks before you do, that's for sure.
“I'm a manic depressive with a personality disorder.
“Too much has been said and done between us.
“I beg you to phone the police, tell them everything.
“Watch what happens when they find me.”
Ms Letford added that Borland intimated they would commit suicide using a knife.
Police were contacted and officers found Borland in a common close in St Mary's Place with a lock knife.
An agent for Borland said they were a “chronic alcoholic” which had a significant effect on their behaviour.
Borland admitted breaching their bail and sentence was deferred until May 2.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Lots of people are planning to hit the beach or go to a barbecue to celebrate the Fourth of July. But just in case you were planning on stopping by the bank or library, forget about it, they're closed.
Here is a list of what else will be closed on the Fourth of July in Miami-Dade and Broward.
• Federal offices: Closed.
• County offices: Closed.
• County courts: Closed.
• Public schools: Closed.
• Garbage collection: Broward – regular schedule in most cities. Miami-Dade – no collection.
• Stock markets: Closed.
• Post offices: Closed (only Express Mail will be delivered).
• County transit: Sunday/holiday schedule.
• Tri-Rail: Weekend schedule.
• Public libraries: Closed.
• Banks: Most are closed (check with your branch).
• Most regional and neighborhood parks, nature centers and natural areas will be open.
• Tri-Rail will operate weekend schedule.
• Broward and Miami-Dade Transit will operate on a Sunday bus schedule.
• Malls and grocery stores will be open; Individual store hours may vary. Costco is closed.
Sunday is game day!
In a little over 24 hours, players will take the field and vie to take home the coveted Vince Lombardi Trophy. If you're like me, (a Denver fan) your team was mathematically eliminated months ago but Super Bowl is the one game that transcends team loyalty and for a few hours, brings us all together for a timeless celebration of food, friends, football and fun.
Oh yeah, don't forget the commercials.
Whether you're backing The Pats or cheering on Philly (or just here for the refreshments and ads), 100 million-plus people will be joining you tomorrow for the big game.
Likely, you have plans of when, where and how you're planning on watching the Super Bowl but for those looking to stream the game, it is simpler than ever thanks to NBC Sports and Chromecast. Here's how you can stream Super Bowl LII for free and while you're at it, catch an episode of This Is Us if you so desire.
What You'll Need
NBC Sports
NBC is the official outlet for annual gridiron battle so any cable, satellite or cord-cutting package that you may have that includes the network will work. Personally, I'm a YouTube TV subscriber so that will be my go-to for the game.
If you don't subscribe to any type of media, streaming or otherwise, and you don't have access to local channels, NBC is doing the world a solid and letting anyone download the NBC Sports app and watch the action without having to do the normal provider login shuffle.
The now-branded “Super Stream Sunday” will start with pre-game coverage at noon Eastern and conclude after the final tick with a complimentary episode of This Is Us at 10 p.m.
If you plan on watching the game on your phone or other mobile devices, you're all set. Get the NBC Sports app from the Play Store or iTunes at the links below. If you don't have unlimited data, you might want to find yourself somewhere with good WIFI. On your computer, simply head to NBC or NBCSports.com
For those of you looking to cast the NFL experience, a couple more items will have you set up and ready to go.
wifi
This almost goes without saying but a fast, reliable internet connection is a must when streaming live media. Many sites recommend a minimum of 4-5 Mb/s for streaming but nowadays something over 10 Mb/s is going to serve you best.
Speeds sufficient for streaming aren't hard to come by as many internet companies offer basic packages of 25 Mb/s and up for a cost exponentially less than the price a decade ago. Even the T-Mobile hotspot on my phone gets upwards of 50 Mb/s on a good day. More than enough to stream but limited amounts of LTE data.
If you're unsure what speeds you're getting where you plan to stream or you're just curious if your ISP is giving you what you're paying for, you can run a speed test for free at the link below.
Speed Test by Ookla
Alternatively, you can just Google “speed test” and you can run a quick diagnostic right in your browser.
Chromecast
There are options aplenty when it comes to streaming devices that will work with NBC Sports. Apple TV, Roku, Fire TV, XBOX, Android TV and more but we're here for the Chromecast users with a little how-to on setting up your device for the Battle at U.S. Bank Stadium.
First, you'll need a Chromecast. Any generation will do. For standard streaming, we recommend the second generation dongle from Google. You can pick one up at a number of local retailers such as Walmart, Target and Costco for $35 or less. If 4K is a big deal for you, the Chromecast Ultra will only set you back $69.
Okay, got your Chromecast?
Great, let's move on. Before getting your device set up, go ahead and download the Google Home app on the device of your choice. Smartphone, tablet or even a Play Store-enabled Chromebook will do the trick. You'll use the Home app shortly to set up your new streamer.
Alright, on to the Chromecast. Assuming you are connecting the dongle to a television or similar device, go ahead and unbox your Chromecast. For some pointers on unboxing, check out some videos here.
If your television is equipped with a USB port, you can chuck the power block from the second gen Chromecast in the junk drawer. The Ultra, however, only technically works with the included power supply so you'll need to make sure you have an outlet freed up.
Plug the Chromecast into the desired HDMI port on the television then attach the Micro USB power cord to the dongle and to the USB port or outlet depending on your device and available ports. Turn on the TV and change the input to the port the Chromecast is plugged into.
You should be greeted with a screen welcoming you and prompting you to download the Google Home app from the Play Store or iTunes. (see, aren't you glad you already did that?) Open the Google Home app on your mobile or other device and make sure you are connected to the WIFI you intend to use to stream.
If your Chromecast is getting power, your Google Home app should have found the dongle and is prompting you to set it up. Hit “setup” and get started. You can also do this from your Chrome browser at chromecast.com/setup if you want to skip the Google Home app.
Next, the Home app will connect to your Chromecast and begin the setup process. The app will display a code on the television. Confirm the codes match and tap yes. You will be asked about privacy and usage date. By default, usage stats are uploaded to Google. You can toggle this off if you choose.
Now you will pick the WIFI network you want to use. If you are already on the network you want, it should be highlighted by default. If not, pick the one you want and click “next.” The Google Home app now has the option to fetch the WIFI password from the device you are using to set up the Chromecast. Great feature. Thanks, Google.
*If you do not see the network you want you will have to select “other WIFI network” and manually enter the SSID and credentials. For an Ethernet connection follow the steps above and select Ethernet and enter the network password.
You will be asked which room the Chromecast is in or you can give it a unique name to make it easier to identify when casting content.
Depending on when your Chromecast was manufactured, it may take a few minutes to update to the latest firmware. It will give you an on-screen status bar and notify you when it's done.
Note that the device you are using to set up the Chromecast may connect and disconnect to the network multiple times during the process. This is normal. It will also activate Bluetooth momentarily during the procedure. Again, normal.
After that, you're all set up. The rest of the steps are obligatory email subscriptions and whatnot. I usually glaze over at this point and just click “yes.” Feel free to do what makes you happy here.
Casting
Now that all the “hard work” is out of the way, it's time to enjoy the fruits of your labor. Whether it's the Super Bowl, Netflix, HULU, YouTube TV, the Chrome Browser or thousands upon thousands of other apps, you can now stream media to your Chromecast at your leisure.
If you see this logo, you can send it to your Chromecast. When connected to the same network, simply click the “cast” button and select the device you wish to stream to. You can also tell your Google Home, Home Mini and Home Max to play [fill in the blank] on your Chromecast devices.
“Hey Google, play Adventure Time from Hulu on the living room TV.” It's as simple as that. You can now cast and stream like a pro and impress your friends when you're going nuts at the Super Bowl block party this year.
Whatever you do tomorrow, have fun and be safe. As always, stay tuned for the latest news from Chrome Unboxed.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
This is just wholesome. A man was asked by their next door neighbor, Mary, for a peculiar favor: if they could “supervise” them during their physical therapy. They kindly agreed and provided all the support and motivation needed for Mary to get through their grueling physical therapy.
This is both hilarious and endearing at the same time!
USTR Robert Lighthizer is attending the World Trade Organization (WTO) summit in Argentina.
[…] Ahead of the meeting, the United States blocked efforts to draft a joint statement emphasizing the “centrality” of the global trade system and the need to aid development. Its opposition has raised concerns that the WTO will not be able to accomplish even modest goals, such as addressing fishing and agricultural subsidies, at the conference. (Reuters)
The Ambassador's opening remarks to the conference are below and include Lighthizer rightly informing the WTO that the Trump administration believes they have strayed far away from trade issues and are now, essentially, uni-focused on litigation. He's right.
[Transcript] “I would like to start by thanking the government of Argentina for hosting MC11, and Minister Malcorra, Director General Azevedo, and their staffs for their excellent work. We appreciate all the effort over many months that go into creating a conference of this magnitude.
In the brief time I have, I would like to make a few basic points.
First, the WTO is obviously an important institution. It does an enormous amount of good, and provides a helpful negotiating forum for Contracting Parties. But, in our opinion, serious challenges exist.
Second, many are concerned that the WTO is losing its essential focus on negotiation and becoming a litigation-centered organization. Too often members seem to believe they can gain concessions through lawsuits that they could never get at the negotiating table. We have to ask ourselves whether this is good for the institution and whether the current litigation structure makes sense.
Third, we need to clarify our understanding of development within the WTO. We cannot sustain a situation in which new rules can only apply to the few, and that others will be given a pass in the name of self-proclaimed development status.
There is something wrong, in our view, when five of the six richest countries in the world presently claim developing country status. Indeed, we should all be troubled that so many Members appear to believe that they would be better off with exemptions to the rules. If in the opinion of a vast majority of Members playing by current WTO rules makes it harder to achieve economic growth, then clearly serious reflection is needed.
Fourth, it is impossible to negotiate new rules when many of the current ones are not being followed. This is why the United States is leading a discussion on the need to correct the sad performance of many Members in notifications and transparency. Some Members are intentionally circumventing these obligations, and addressing these lapses will remain a top U.S. priority.
Fifth, the United States believes that much can and should be done at the WTO to help make markets more efficient. We are interested in revitalizing the standing bodies to ensure they are focused on new challenges, such as chronic overcapacity and the influence of state-owned enterprises. Further, we are working closely with many Members in committee and elsewhere to address real-world problems such as SPS barriers.
We believe that all of us are here primarily to represent our own citizens to secure rules that will best help them. As President Trump said in their U.N. speech, institutions like this function best when all sovereign nations acting in their own best interest pull together and find ways that permit us all to prosper.
Finally, the United States looks forward to working with all Members who share our goal of using the WTO to create rules that will lead to more efficient markets, more trade and greater wealth for our citizens. Such outcomes will build public support not only for open markets, but for the WTO itself.
I'd like to end where I began and thank the Director General for all their work, and Minister Malcorra for their incredible work to produce a successful MC11.” (link)
WTO losing trade focus, too easy on some developing nations: U.S. https://t.co/tJlGxwbAKK — Reuters Top News (@Reuters) December 12, 2017
Advertisements
Newly single philanthropist Patsy Kahn – who made headlines when they bought Bernie Madoff's Upper East Side penthouse with their then-husband, toy mogul Al Kahn – has just purchased her...
Evanescence will reimagine some of their best-known songs with a full orchestra on the band's upcoming new album Synthesis, due out this fall. The album is Evanescence's first since their 2011 self-titled LP.
For the project, Amy Lee teamed with producer Will Hunt and composer David Campbell –
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Evanescence Announce Orchestral New LP ‘Synthesis,' Fall Tour
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
It's no secret that business is one of the most popular fields of study for college students. Degrees in business and related subjects like finance, accounting, management and economics are traditionally chosen by those who are looking for versatile coursework based in practical, real-world topics that can be applied to many careers. The choice is a smart one. Business graduates are in high demand nationwide with many earning impressive salaries.
While there are a variety of business degrees, the Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) and Master of Business Administration (MBA) are the most prevalent. These comprehensive business degrees offer an education in a variety of subjects and are applicable to different stages of career development. Some areas of study that make up business administration degree programs, either directly or as supplementary topics, include accounting, finance, entrepreneurship, marketing, law, human resources, mathematics, management, economics and more. These subjects provide flexibility and enable students to gain a foundation in core topics while developing skills that help ensure career success. Business coursework has a strong emphasis on practical application and real-world experience through case studies, problem-solving, team building and collaboration.
One of the reasons a business degree is so valuable in today's workplace is that it can be applied to many careers. Graduates of high-quality business degree programs go on to work in marketing, accounting, advertising, banking, public relations, sales, management and other roles. Many of these jobs come with high salaries as well, though specific earnings depend on skill level, experience and other factors. The 2013-2014 PayScale College Salary Report found that entry-level business professionals earn an average of $43,500, while the average mid-career salary is $71,000. Finance careers are even more lucrative, with graduates earning $49,200 in entry-level positions and more than $87,000 in mid-career positions. Furthermore, the TopMBA.com Jobs & Salary Trends Reportfound that MBA holders earn almost $109,200 in the United States and Canada.
The return on investment for business degree holders is strong as well. A report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York states that business majors have earned a return on investment (ROI) of 17 percent on their degrees for more than a decade, outperforming liberal arts, leisure and hospitality, and education. Earnings improve with continued education, which is why Poets and Quants reports that more than 20 percent of people with business degrees go on to obtain a graduate degree and increase their earnings by 40 percent.
The skills that can be gained through the study of business administration provide broad knowledge that can be applied to all core business processes. In addition, students acquire skills that are targeted to specific fields like those discussed above. The “soft skills” developed during coursework are highly transferable as well, and help to position graduates as leaders with the ability to perform tasks effectively. The following are five key skill areas that make business degrees ideal for the modern job market.
Good communication is essential for business success. In order to work toward the same goal, team members and leaders must be able to communicate with one another clearly. From job responsibilities to client expectations, the important role of oral and written communication within a business can't be overstated. Good communication prevents misunderstandings and mistakes in the workplace, enabling problems to be solved quickly with minimal friction. Communication skills improve business processes overall as well. It is vital that different departments be able to work together efficiently as a unit to remain profitable. Successful interaction between these teams results in the creation of successful products or services. Lines of communication must be open in order to provide the best dynamic possible. Finally, communication between upper management and employees creates a positive atmosphere and strong morale.
No business can succeed without talented managers. To achieve the common goal of a business, a leader works to get the best outcome possible with the resources available. The modern business world is very management-focused, because smart organization is required to combine labor, capital and materials and create a product that will succeed in the marketplace. This skill set, which is developed through business coursework, allows business professionals to maximize productivity through mutual cooperation and coordination. Skilled management allows for a sound organizational structure, creating and maintaining an environment that promotes greater efficiency and higher performance.
Ethics, the principles and values used to govern activities and decisions, are an important part of business success because they guide organizations and employees to conduct business processes with integrity. Small Business by Demand Media notes that “the ethical philosophy an organization uses to conduct business can affect the reputation, productivity and bottom line.” This is why ethics courses are taught as part of the business curriculum at many colleges and universities. When students develop high ethical standards, they can become good employees and eventually principled leaders. Executive level professionals and management who demonstrate ethical work practices enhance a company's reputation among customers and the community. This, in turn, can improve business. Ethical employees who meet quality standards and complete their work with honesty make themselves into a valuable organizational asset.
According to an Indeed.com study, employers are seeking critical thinking skills in new hires more than ever before. This research found that the number of job postings that mention critical thinking have doubled since 2009. Problem-solving and critical thinking are two of the most important skill areas for business graduates because they enable professionals to seek out new perspectives, question their own points of view and analyze them in order to make the best decision. When business programs draw on critical thinking skills, they train students to be successful by looking at the world in a multidimensional way. A 2013 “Year-End Poll of Employers” by the Graduate Management Admission Council reports that 98 percent of employers believed business graduates need to know how to use data for decision making. The skills involved in critical thinking, analyzing data and problem-solving help businesses grow and develop new markets and products.
This “hard skill” area is another important focus for business degree programs at both the undergraduate and graduate level. Professionals in all industries rely on economics to make both short- and long-term decisions that affect the profitability of their companies. Economics provides a comprehensive view of a business and how it relates both to society and the marketplace. This allows business leaders to craft more effective strategies. In addition, a keen knowledge of finance allows professionals to create persuasive arguments for positive change within their organization.
Business Administration at Husson University Online
For those interested in a quality business education that covers these skill areas and more, Husson University Online offers both an online Bachelor of Science in business administration (BSBA) and an online Master of Business Administration (MBA). These practical degree programs empower students to excel by working with expert faculty members who have years of experience. Husson's online business programs prepare students for a variety of careers by focusing on functional areas like marketing, finance, human resources and more. These programs also offer opportunities for specialization through BSBA concentrations in management and marketing, and MBA concentrations in healthcare management, organizational management, and biotechnology and innovation. Business degrees are as valuable as ever in the job market, and students gain the skills required for success through the Husson experience. You can learn more about our business degree offerings here.
Republished by permission. Original here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- With the holiday season here, it can be a challenging time for both parents and children of divorced or separated families.
Mary Williams from the Family Conservancy stopped by the FOX 4 studio Monday to share four tips for co-parenting during the holidays.
Mary's says:
Let children be children
Communicate
Make new traditions
Use your support system
If you would like more information you can contact the Family Conservancy at (913) 342-1110.
DETROIT - Detroit police are investigating after a pregnant woman allegedly stabbed their mother-in-law to death late Sunday night on the city's west side.
Police were called on Sunday night around 11:30.
The victim is a 56-year-old woman. They were taken to the hospital but actually died from a heart attack while medics worked on them
The suspect is their pregnant daughter-in-law who police say is Bipolar. They were also taken to the hospital for a psych evaluation.
ASTORIA, Ore. (AP) — Blake Painter, an Oregon fisherman featured on the television series "The Deadliest Catch," has died. They were 38.
Clatsop County Sheriff Tom Bergin said Tuesday Painter had been found in their Astoria home May 25 by a friend who visited after being unable to reach him.
Bergin said a cause of death would not be released until a toxicology report had been completed, but there was no apparent evidence of foul play.
Painter rose to prominence after appearing on early seasons of the Discovery Channel series, which chronicles the lives and work of fishermen in Alaska waters, with an eye to the hazards of the profession.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Photo: Matthew Emmons-USA TODAY Sports
By Hayden Wright
On Sunday night, billions of eyeballs will be on Justin Timberlake during the Super Bowl Halftime Show, the biggest sporting event concert of the year.
Related: Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘Man of the Woods' Video
Even though he'll forever be remembered as a figure who played an important role in entertaining football fans during the break from the game, Timberlake may have accidentally irked football diehards yesterday when they talked about keeping their 3-year-old son Silas away from the gridiron.
“He will never play football,” Justin said yesterday during a press conference. Timberlake's exhortation may have stemmed from concern about kids who get injured playing tackle football. Allowing children to play football has become the subject of debate as the medical community learns more about CTE—Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy, a long-term brain condition that research links to the sport.
Regardless of their motivation, Timberlake quickly re-evaluated their statement and then continued in more football-friendly direction.
“My main objective is that they become a great person. And if they want to get into the arts or sports, then yeah, I would fully support that,” they said.
For now, Justin admitted that they and wife Jessica Biel are focusing on the basics.
“Right now we're working on our manners,” they said. “That's a big deal in our house right now. It's like, one thing at a time.”
Watch Justin's comments at the conference here:
Drink ice cold liquids can both numb your throat and calm some of the inflammation that's causing you pain.
Acidic foods exacerbate your sore throat. Therefore, avoid fried foods and citrus fruits like oranges and lemons.
Lemon and water
Mix a teaspoon of lemon juice in a cup water for this home remedy for sore throats.juice will help shrink swollen throat tissue and create an unfriendly environment for viruses and bacteria so they do not thrive.
Enjoy a drop of honey
Warm tea that is sweetened with honey can help soothe your irritated throat. Tea also keeps you hydrated, which is another important step in treating a sore throat. Make a cup of tea and add honey to deal with a sore throat.
Stay hydrated
Staying hydrated is an important part of treating a sore throat. When you're dehydrated, your body can't produce enough saliva and mucus to keep your throat naturally lubricated. This will make the swelling and inflammation worse.
1:33 First Baby of 2017 Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Supporters of short-term vacation rentals said the industry will bring tourists and more spending to areas outside San Diego's beaches, Gaslamp and Mission Valley at a news conference Monday.
One day before a scheduled city council vote, supporters at the conference urged relaxed rules to encourage more Airbnb-type rentals.
Barrio Logan business owners and landlords are pushing for a new city policy on short-term vacation rentals that will encourage the controversial use of homes, apartments and condos, and would minimize restrictions on landlords.
With the city council set to vote on new short-term rental rules tomorrow, Martin Favela, whose family owns the Border X Brewery on Logan Avenue, urged council members to approve a less restrictive set of regulations.
“Even though we have downtown really close to us, it takes the efforts of everyone who hosts people to recommend small businesses, and help us thrive,” said Favela.
Landlord John Anderson, who lives in North Park, agreed that fewer restrictions on short-term vacation rentals would help lesser-known neighborhoods win a share of the tourism dollars that traditionally flow to the beach areas, Gaslamp and Mission Valley.
“Many tourists want to come to San Diego for an authentic experience, for that vibe, for that sense of community,” Anderson said. “And I think that is a really powerful, long term trend.”
Monday's news conference was organized by Airbnb and its local consultant. The company, and many local landlords, support a proposal endorsed by four city council members that would allow individual property owners to rent out up to three properties on a short-term basis, with no limit on the number of days rented per year.
Critics claim that policy would encourage outside investors to purchase homes in residential neighborhoods, and essentially convert those properties into hotels.
The critics also said the practice would inflate home prices, making it even tougher for local families and singles to buy homes and condos.
“We must stop the growth of vacation rentals in some areas, so that families can sustain those communities as viable neighborhoods,” said Tom Coat, a Pacific Beach resident who favors more restrictions on Airbnb type-rentals.
Coat says schools are closing in Pacific Beach because families cannot afford to buy in that neighborhood, in part because of property speculation related to short-term rentals.
Coat supports a proposal from Councilwoman Barbara Bry, which would restrict homeowners to renting out their entire residence for a maximum of 90 days per calendar year.
Bry says their proposal is the only one that “prohibits investors from converting homes in our residential neighborhoods into permanent mini-hotels.”
But Jonah Mechanic, of Share San Diego, opposes any plan that “dictates what neighbors can and cannot do."
"It's quite honestly an issue of property rights that need to be protected,” Mechanic said.
Mechanic said the most important issue for short-term rentals is the enforcement of existing rules on noise and nuisances. They argued that a proposed, tentative fee of about $900 per unit would help pay for code enforcement officers to police the industry.
"That will help make sure that the bad actors, those who are taking advantage of the sharing economy, are eliminated from the sharing economy, but at the same time protect those who are doing it right," Mechanic said.
Shemar Moore says their new TV alter-ego, “S.W.A.T.” protagonist Daniel “Hondo” Harrelson, is “Derek Morgan on steroids” — alluding to the FBI agent they played on “Criminal Minds” for 11 seasons.
“I gained 10 to 12 pounds for this role … I changed my diet and hired a friend who cooked for me,” says Moore. “I ate five meals a day. Of course I want to look good for vanity reasons, but I need the physicality and the presence [for the role] — when I met the men of the LA and San Diego S.W.A.T. teams, strength was a big part of what they do.”
“S.W.A.T.” is the third iteration of the franchise, which aired as an ABC series starring Robert Urich (1975-76) and returned as a 2003 movie with stars Samuel L. Jackson and Colin Farrell. “The only thing similar to [the series] is the main theme song and the only thing similar to the movie is the name,” says Moore.
On Thursday night's series premiere on CBS, ex-Marine Hondo is put in charge of their LA-based S.W.A.T. unit when the team's leader, chasing a suspect, accidentally shoots (and kills) an innocent, unarmed African-American man in Hondo's old neighborhood. “We're not going to hit you over the head with politics,” Moore says of the episode, which echoes recent in-the-headlines police shootings nationwide. “I don't want to be part of a show that's preachy and talks about the woes of life. I want to talk about real issues. What people need to do is come together and have fun … and then we'll sprinkle in messages about Black Lives Matter, drug cartels, human trafficking, cyber-bullying of young kids. There will be a different message in each episode to bridge the gap of understanding between civilians and men in blue … to give them both a voice and validation. We're all human. We all bleed red.
“‘Criminal Minds' is a wonderful show and people love it, but it tends to feed a little off of fantasy land, weird cases that might happen, but happen infrequently,” they say of their old show. “What you're going to see on ‘S.W.A.T.' are things that happen every day.”
Moore's co-stars on “S.W.A.T.” include Stephanie Sigman as LAPD Capt. Jessica Cortez; Alex Russell as Jim Street, the S.W.A.T. unit's cocky new member; Jay Harrington as David “Deacon” Kay, who's loyal but resents Hondo for getting the team's top spot; and Peter Onorati as Mumford, who leads a rival S.W.A.T. team. Shawn Ryan, an executive producer, created FX's long-running cop drama “The Shield.”
Moore says he's proud of the show's diverse cast, but doesn't spare CBS vis-a-vis the diversity issue. “I don't think I'm saying something I shouldn't say, but CBS has not accepted diversity enough,” they say. “I take a lot of pride in [currently] being one of the only African-American male leads in a one-hour network drama. There's diversity in that. I have this dream job, but it also sheds light on a void … that seems to be taking baby steps.
“Is [‘S.W.A.T.'] going to fix the woes of the world and the country? No. That's a big ask,” they say. “But if we can create a debate and humanize police officers and civilians … it all sounds heavy and serious … we'll do it in an entertaining way.”
Note: The series premiere of “S.W.A.T.” will be pre-empted on WCBS/Ch. 2 in New York by Jets football — and will air at 10 p.m. on WLNY. Check local listings.
“S.W.A.T.” Series premiere 10 p.m. Thursday on CBS
After many speculations, Saif Ali Khan and Amrita Singh's daughter Sara Ali Khan is finally making their Bollywood debut in Abhishek Kapoor's Kedarnath opposite Sushant Singh Rajput.
The film is currently being shot in Mumbai. Meanwhile, we have for you the latest details on this flick...
All Hard Work Recently, director Abhishek Kapoor filmed a difficult sequence for the movie. Their wife Pragya later took to their Instagram page to share a picture from the sets.
This Is Simply Wow We hear that a huge set has been erected in Mumbai's Film City to replicate the holy city including the holy temple. Reportedly, the set costs a whopping 7 crores. Earlier, the team had filmed in the foothills of the Himalayas.
The Plot Earlier, a source had told a leading daily, "Sushant Singh Rajput plays a Muslim guy in the film. They rescue Sara, who plays a Hindu tourist, from the Uttarakhand floods, and the two fall in love. However, it's not a rosy path for them as they face obstacles."
Sara's First Look From The Film The audience already just can't get enough of Sara's pretty look from Kedarnath. One must say that they do make a striking pair with Sushant.
What Papa Saif Has To Say Recently at a trailer launch of a film, Saif when quizzed about Sara's Bollywood debut told media, "I am happy, I am excited for them I think when we get close to that release, it will be like my own film is releasing."
Did Sushant Give Any Advice To Sara? To this, Sushant said, "She is quite able and already knows a lot. But the onlything that I have shared with them is that I don't fearfailures.If I am enjoying doing something, I don't think aboutits outcome. I am not that careful and this is one thing thathelps you in the long run."
They Have Good Things To Say About Their Co-Star "He is working really hard... I don't think it will be right for meto say anything (else) at the moment. You guys watch the film and decide for yourself."
Kedarnath is slated to hit the theatrical screens on 21st December, 2018.
CTV Ottawa
Isabelle Dallaire is a model contestant, both literally and figuratively.
The 28-year-old from Gatineau is a contestant in an online search for a plus-size model, run by Montreal-based clothing retailer, Addition Elle.
The winner will receive a 1 year professional contract with Whilhelmina Models, an opportunity to walk in the Addition Elle runway show at New York Fashion week, a chance to appear in the Addition Elle Fall 2017 photoshoot and a $1,000 shopping spree.
As of Monday evening Dallaire was also had the most votes in the fan favourite category, leading contestants from across Canada and the U.S., despite the fact their modeling experience is, shall we say, limited.
“I have none. I have no modelling experience at all,” they laugh. “I just did it for myself. I just tried it and said let's see where it can bring me, you know? So I did it. But I have no professional picture at all. So it's all new for me right now."
Still, there is something about the video Dallaire submitted to the contest that is commanding attention, and garnering votes. The contest is set up so the top five, according to contest judges, plus the fan's choice will make it into the finals.
Dallaire, a project manager at La Cité Collégiale, says they initially entered the contest to boost their own self-confidence. But they now realize how it can be an inspiration to others. “Because I'm a nobody, and I can do that. I can try it and I did it,” they say. “And I hope it inspires other women.”
Voting continues until Thursday, April 20th on the Addition Elle contest website.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again. That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken. While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family, finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming. Whether that perfect photo includes a beach, a fountain, a garden, or an archway, South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Jersey Boys opens at the Orpheum Theatre, via the Hennepin Theatre Trust, Tuesday night in Minneapolis. The show is the true story of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons during the 1960's.
Tommaso Antico, Sean Burns, Chris Stevens, and Kevin Patrick Martin came on WCCO 4 News At Noon to show off some Jersey Boys cocktail.
“Jersey-tini”
1 1/2oz. Vodka
1/2 oz. Cointreau or Triple Sec
3/4 oz. Cranberry Juice
1/4 oz. Lime Juice
Combine all ingredients in cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well.
Strain into a cocktail glass, and Garnish with a lime squeeze.
“Walk Like a MANhattan”
1 1/2 oz. Bourbon
1/4 oz. Sweet Vermouth or Dry Vermouth
dash Angostura Bitters (optional)
Garnish – Maraschino Cherry
Combine all ingredients in cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well and strain into a Cocktail glass.
“Rag Doll”
1 ½ oz Skyy Raspberry Vodka
½ oz. Triple Sec
½ oz. Sour Mix
1 oz Rose's Cranberry Twist Cocktail Infusion
A splash of Sprite
Garnished with 2 raspberries and 1 blackberry
“Oh What A Night”
In a Collins Glass with Ice
1/2 oz. Vodka
1/2 oz. Gin
1/2 oz. Rum
1/2 oz. Tequila (optional)
1/2 oz. Triple Sec
1 oz. Sweet & Sour
Top with Coke
Garnish with a lemon twist
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
China penalises 6.7m ‘debtors' with travel ban
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
President Donald Trump said they believed Michael Flynn "was just doing their job" as a then-incoming national security advisor to the White House when they called a Russian minister. Trump maintained that Flynn was fired for misleading Vice President Mike Pence. (Published Friday, Feb. 17, 2017)
Special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to piece together what transpired inside the White House over a critical 18-day period that began when senior officials were told that national security adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by Russia, multiple people familiar with the matter told NBC News.
The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump, say two people familiar with Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign.
Multiple sources say that during interviews, Mueller's investigators have asked witnesses, including White House counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing, to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn.
Some of those interviewed by Mueller's team believe the goal is in part to determine if there was a deliberate effort by Trump or top officials in the West Wing to cover up the information about Flynn that Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, conveyed to McGahn on Jan. 26. In addition to Flynn, McGahn is also expected to be critical to federal investigators trying to piece together a timeline of those 18 days.
Flynn Pleads Guilty to Making False Statements to FBI
Former national security adviser Michael Flynn has pleaded guilty to a count of making false statements to the FBI.  They are the fourth person charged in special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election. (Published Friday, Dec. 1, 2017)
Neither McGahn's lawyer nor the White House responded to requests for comment. A spokesperson for the Special Counsel's office declined to comment.
3:01
Town hall asks Rep. Chaffetz 'what is your line in the sand?' regarding Trump
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Dell Scholars and best friends, Verónica Leal and Jennifer Becerra, not only graduated together as Valedictorians from Sunnyside High School this year, but both are heading to Southern California to start their new journey at UCLA later this year as college roommates. MARÍA G. ORTIZ-BRIONES mortizbriones@vidaenelvalle.com
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Praying for a miracle but preparing for the worst – loved ones were with Blue Valley Coach Eric Driskell Tuesday night, as they remained in the hospital on life support.
A neurosurgeon at Research Medical Center told reporters Driskell suffered cardio pulmonary arrest and had experienced irreversible neurological damage. Their family is now making plans for organ donation, the doctor said.
Driskell's wife, Kari, said they were "doing what they loved - talking football,” when they had a ruptured brain aneurysm Sunday at a board meeting for the Greater Kansas City Football Coaches Association (GKCFCA).
Sam Knopik, head football coach at Pembroke Hill and president of the GKCFCA, was just feet away when Driskell collapsed.
“He actually had the floor,” Knopik said of Driskell, “and was getting their analysis of a particular product that we were considering bringing on for our all-star game this summer, and they just paused in their speech…”
Knopik trailed off, saying other coaches sprung into action, but there was little they could do.
“Very sudden, very tragic,” they said. “It was pretty heavy, and the immediacy of knowing how fragile... knowing how fragile this experience of life is for us all.”
“It's something that I've talked about with my own children. I've talked about it with my students, and I know the rest of our community have done the same.”
Knopik has been friends with Driskell for years. They first met when the Kansas City Chiefs named both of them Coach of the Year in 2011 – Knopik for Missouri and Driskell for Kansas.
“We met at Arrowhead for the big banquet and that was kind of a neat deal,” Knopik remembered. “They put us up on the Jumbotron and had our teams there. It was a fun night.”
Since that day, Knopik said they have grown to respect and admire Driskell on and off the field.
“It`s kind of the perfect storm – he`s the coach that does it right and wins,” Knopik said. “Xs and Os wise, and trophies on the wall, he`s accomplished more than most ever will.”
It's a situation that's only grown tougher, as doctors said Driskell will soon give back to their community one last time, through organ donation – leaving a lasting legacy Knopik said will live on in the kids Driskell coached.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“He`s the guy that parents want their kids to play for,” Knopik said. “His reputation is one that parents know he`s going to treat their kids right, and on top of that, going to put a successful team on the field, and it`s going to be a great experience all the way around.”
Knopik has visited Driskell and their family in the hospital. They said the entire community is praying for them. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT)- At River Park North, there are many things to do for adults and kids of all ages. A new STEAM lab will now be added to that list.
The park's Love A Sea Turtle STEAM lab doubles as a water quality resource center. The state-of-the-art lab includes an augmented sandbox, 3-d printer, virtual reality headgear and legos. The lab also includes the only permanent Earth Echo water testing lab in the world. Their book pack loaner program allows guests to take a book bag out into the park, utilize it and then bring back the resources to examine in the lab.
“It's a great way to get hands on and learn about the many science topics that focus on water but beyond water as well,” said Chris Hoorigan, Greenville Parks and Rec Coordinator. “We can put people in that experience and get them involved in real science and real learning.”
The official ribbon cutting ceremony for the STEAM lab will be on Thursday. Beginning March 31st, the lab will be open to the public.
ESPN reporter Chris Haynes caused a minor meltdown on Twitter Thursday when they wrote that LeBron James would be willing to sit down with the Golden State Warriors this summer as they explore free agency, citing “league sources.”
Within hours, the James report was the biggest story on ESPN, and commentator Stephen A. Smith declared that James would destroy their legacy if they considered joining the Warriors.
James apparently saw Smith's comments, and responded to the ESPN report Friday. LeBron denied that said they would meet with any team in the league this summer, and said the report was a “discredit” to their team.
“The first thing I did is start laughing, actually. It's nonsense, and it's a non-story, and I think it's a discredit to what I'm trying to do here. It's a discredit to my teammates and the coaching staff here. My only focus right now is trying to figure out how we can become a championship-caliber team in these next few months. There's been so many stories about me in the last few months and the last few days about where I'm going and where I'm at and what place I'm in… I'm right here. I'm right now, and this is my present and this is where I'm at. If you don't hear something coming from my voice, then it's not true.”
James also seemed to respond to Stephen A. Smith, and stated that it bothers them that the rumor become the news of the day in sports media.
US brokers should fear Massachusetts AG's probe
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Álvaro Hernández, president of the Córdoba victims' table, received direct threats from insurgent groups because of their constant refusal to join their ranks. In September 1989 they had to leave their estate in the village of El Venado in fear. They carried only the clothes on their back. © Charlie Cordero
Bellavista has no inhabitants, but rather survivors. Between 1983 and 2011, they suffered 8 armed attacks. Today, finally, about 332 people and 98 families returned after 18 years. © Charlie Cordero
Catherine Perez is not able to wield a weapon, however this hunting rifle adorns a corner of their home. They only uses it to drive away animals that try to damage their banana crop. © Charlie Cordero
Ernesto Sotelo is 40 years old. They hide some tears while telling the story of how their brother decided to join the FARC-EP. They and their mother, Iris Sotelo, hope that with the end of the conflict and the demobilization of the guerrillas, they can see Luis again. © Charlie Cordero
Rodolfo Pacheco (false name), 70 years old, lives in Carmen de Bolivar, one of the towns most affected by the armed conflict. On January 6, 1999, they were wounded in the middle of a FARC vs. Colombian army battle. What remains of that day still lives with him: four scars on their body that they were not born with. © Charlie Cordero
Catherine Perez is 43 years old. In their hand they hold the photograph of their missing sister, Iris Esther Perez, who was recruited by the guerrillas on May 12, 1996. They were barely 15. Iris is one of more than 3,000 children recruited in the last 20 years by the FARC. © Charlie Cordero
Gloria Areiza lives in Sacramento, Magdalena. In 2001, when they were 3 months pregnant and already had a 6 month old baby girl, their husband was killed, their house was burned and they had to flee. They still live in fear, in a house that is half cement, half wood. © Charlie Cordero
A toy found in one of the houses of the victims of forced displacement in Batata, Cordoba. The time when these lands were used for livestock and horse breeding have been forgotten because of the war. © Charlie Cordero
Pacho González, 34 years old, was displaced from the village of El Bolsillo (Montes de María) in June 1999. They returned in 2008, after the fighting ended. This village lies in the heart of the Carmen de Bolivar, one of the regions that was hit the hardest by the war. Today, lying on the brooms they make for a living, they remember the nights they tried to sleep while on the move. Back then, their dreams were stolen by the cold and mosquitoes in gullies and thickets, the only shelters where they could dodge the bullets. © Charlie Cordero
Almost at the top of the Sierra Nevada, Sacramento flourishes. 180 families have returned. There is competition between coffee production and illicit crops. The FARC and ELN set up camps, created tolls and checkpoints and became recruiters. © Charlie Cordero
On this park and football field, FARC guerrillas and paramilitaries separately disputed sporting meetings from the 1980s until the first years of 2000. © Charlie Cordero
Eduilson Goes Torres is 36 years old. They live in Gallo, the city of Tierralta, chosen by the government as one of the concentration points of the FARC. Between fear and hope, they and their wife Everlides del Carmen—together with their five children—hope that the signing of the agreement will bring peace. © Charlie Cordero
The peasants of Batata return to cultivate the land. They walk again through the streets of the village with their machetes. Each one personalizes the machete's sheath to fit their style. © Charlie Cordero
Anyone brave enough to ford this river pays $1,000 for the privilege of being transported from one bank to the other. This is the only way to reach the village as an outsider. © Charlie Cordero
Rafael Alonso Miranda, a 63-year-old cattleman, lost their leg from a bomb that exploded next to their house amidst clashes between the FARC and the Colombian army. In spite of that, they never left their home in Bellavista, Magdalena. Now on crutches, they hope to finish their half-built home. © Charlie Cordero
Altar in Homage to Cayetano Ortega, on the road to La Sierra in Montes de Maria. Cayetano and their car were thrown into the ravine by FARC guerrilla members. © Charlie Cordero
Video
The musical has just opened but do the story-lines still pack a punch with kids today?
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
You've had plenty to say for yourself of late and because a lot of it was critical of people in positions of power you must expect some kind of backlash. You are entitled to your views and opinions, of course, but they don't exist in a vacuum.
America's Got Talent is mourning the loss of one of their contestants today.
Dr. Brandon Rogers is not a name you would know from the show. Why? Their episode hasn't aired yet. Sadly, at just 29-year-old, Dr. Rogers has passed away. Over the weekend, Dr. Rogers was involved in a car accident. According to reports, their car veered off the road and hit a tree. They were taken to the hospital, where they died later due to their injuries.
Dr. Rogers episode is scheduled to air next month, however we may never get to see it. America's Got Talent has not made a final decision on whether or not they will air their episode.
As crazy as it sounds, here's to hoping we all get to see their episode. As you can imagine, those moments from the show would allow their family to see them sing one last time. Perhaps it would give them some comfort.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Rogers family during this difficult time.
Here's a small sample of Brandon singing. Warning, it will get you choked up.
The County of San Diego is offering marriage licenses and ceremonies to couples who want to wed on Valentine's Day. It's a popular date to tie the knot. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
The County is reminding eager couples who want to tie the knot on Valentine's Day to call ahead for an appointment.
The San Diego County Clerk's office started promoting its annual tradition of Valentine's Day weddings and vow renewals back in 2010. It has since become an incredible scene to behold every year at each of the County branches.
The office is reminding couples considering this opportunity that appointments are filling quickly.
The top three busiest days for the County Clerk's office since 2000 were past Valentine's Days, with seven in the top 20.
“We are excited to offer walk-in services for Valentine's Day and don't want couples to miss their chance at a Valentine's Day wedding,” County Clerk Ernie Dronenburg said.
Over 100 licenses were issued last Valentine's Day, and more than half of the ceremonies were performed in the office. “Six or seven marriages were going on at one time,” Dronenburg said.
Walk-ins are welcomed at the office's downtown location, but couples must schedule an appointment for the offices in Kearny Mesa, Chula Vista, San Marcos, and El Cajon.
To schedule an appointment, couples can call (619) 237-0502. Non-confidential marriage licenses will cost $70 and an extra $88 for their ceremony to be performed by a member of the County staff.
NEW YORK — Outside of their second pro fight, when Orlando Salido blew weight and fouled their way to a close decision victory, no one's been able to hang with Vasyl Lomachenko.
He's dominated the competition at 126 pounds as well as 130, and following their brilliant performance against Guillermo Rigondeaux on Saturday, it's fair to wonder if there's anyone out there who can beat Lomachenko, much less test him.
The two-time Olympic gold medalist will soon seek a title in a third weight class, possibly in their next outing. But their hall of fame promoter, Bob Arum, doesn't foresee any challenges for Lomachenko there, either.
“He'll take anybody,” Arum said. “He'll go to 135 pounds and he'll make a joke of (Jorge) Linares. He'll make a joke of (Mikey) Garcia. They're really good fighters, but this guy is super special. You've never seen anything like this.
“Maybe he'll go to 140, I don't know. He's going to do this to everybody. We'll be able to make the fights. With ESPN behind us we have plenty of money to offer for big fights. ESPN wants the best and this guy is the best.”
Linares is one of the best athletes in boxing, and a win over the Venezuelan would net Lomachenko THE RING's lightweight championship. If Lomachenko keeps rising in weight, sooner or later he'll run through an opponent they can't make submit.
Linares is a former 126-pound titleholder, just like Lomachenko, but the 32-year-old actually started their career at 122. He'd own a one-inch height advantage, but that would be enough to hold off Lomachenko? Probably not.
Garcia could be the one-man below 140 pounds who can challenge — or even beat — the two-time Olympic gold medalist.
Mikey would actually concede an inch in height to Loma, but they proved their strength with a complete clowning of Adrien Broner in a 140-pound fight over the summer.
Surely, the chance to knock off the prized pupil of Top Rank, whom Garcia went through a bitter with, would please the lightweight titleholder. And it's a fight Lomachenko fancies, too.
Whether it can actually happen is another matter. And if you listen to Arum, the result is a foregone conclusion.
Ben Woolf died from a stroke after being struck by a car on Thursday.
Cops told The Post that Ben Woolf suffered serious injuries because their 4-foot-4 height lined their head up with the rear view mirror.
Photo: PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
By Robyn Collins
Legendary rock band Led Zeppelin is publishing their first official illustrated book in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the band.
Related: Robert Plant Speaks On ‘Civil' Relationship With Led Zeppelin
Robert Plant, Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones, the remaining members of the band, are listed as authors of the book, simply titled Led Zeppelin.
“Celebrating 50 years since their formation, it covers the group's unparalleled musical career and features photographs of Jimmy Page, Robert Plant, John Paul Jones and John Bonham on and offstage, in candid moments and in the recording studio,” reads a press statement.
In 2017, Page revealed, “There'll be Led Zeppelin product coming out for sure that people haven't heard, because I'm working on that. Next year will be the 50th year, so there's all manner of surprises coming out,” reports Ultimate Classic Rock.
The band is slated to release a remastered version of How the West Was Won on March 23.
As to whether they will work together again, Plant said, “I don't know. I have no idea. It's not even within my countenance to imagine it really.”
Preorder the book here.
Anand Is A Very Sorted Boy
A source close to the couple recently revealed, "They are planning a June wedding for Sonam and their boyfriend Anand Ahuja. Sonam is very sure of their feelings for Anand. He's a very sorted boy and cares deeply for her.''
Anil Was Initially Unsure About Anand
Although Anil was initially unsure about Anand, like all fathers are about their daughters' boyfriends, over time, Anil and their wife Sunita have accepted Anand as part of their family.
Big Fat Punjabi Wedding
Sonam's brother Harshvardhan is also very comfortable in their company. It may be a destination wedding or a big fat Punjabi Delhi wedding. The two families are still to decide.
Who Will be Designing Them Wedding Attire?
As per a report, famous designer Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla will be doing their wedding lehenga. They have also designed the actor' clothes in Veere Di Wedding.
When A Leading Daily Asked Sonam To Comment
Unfortunately, I do not talk about my personal life. I have never commented on that and will not do now. Speculations are rife but that is okay. I won't ever discuss it.
They Added
Because that's in my control and I don't feel that I can speak about myself but I don't think it's okay for me to speak about somebody else. Now everything that is put out there is with their permission or whatever they put out there is with my permission.
I Want To Keep It Sacred
But if somebody is asking me a question publicly I don't think it's okay for me to speak about the person because that person has not signed up for it. This is just keeping it a little sacred.
It's Not okay...
Just keeping it in my control, whatever is out there is in my control, it's not something that is not. I just feel that it's not okay to talk about it. I will share whatever I have to share and that is with my filter.
My First Million: Tobias Kormind, jewellery retailer
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
New Patent Battle: BlackBerry Sues Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp
BlackBerry is suing Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp for violating patents related to its BlackBerry Messenger mobile app.
In its complaint, BlackBerry says that it has been an innovator in mobile communications for 30 years and that its BlackBerry Messenger service "revolutionized instant messaging by providing users with secure, user-friendly, point-to-point instant messaging on their mobile devices".
BlackBerry goes on to accuse Facebook, as well as WhatsApp and Instagram (which Facebook owns) of co-opting its innovations, "using a number of the innovative security, user interface, and functionality enhancing features that made BlackBerry's products such a critical and commercial success in the first place".
The complaint specifically mentions tagging people in photos, combining mobile gaming and messaging, use of cryptographic techniques for security, and status updates designed to optimize battery life.
BlackBerry claims ownership of many messaging features, including the use of numerals over icons to show the number of conversations with unread messages
In a statement, Blackberry said: "As a cybersecurity and embedded software leader, BlackBerry's view is that Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp could make great partners in our drive toward a securely connected future, and we continue to hold this door open to them."
We Intend To Fight
Facebook's response was less diplomatically phrased. In a tweet to Cheddar, the social network's vice president and deputy general counsel Paul Grewal said: “Blackberry's suit sadly reflects the current state of its messaging business. Having abandoned its efforts to innovate, Blackberry is now looking to tax the innovation of others. We intend to fight.”
Grewal is no stranger to tech IP battles. A former US magistrate, they joined Facebook's legal team in 2016 after overseeing cases including the vicious Apple vs Samsung patent fight.
With so many interface and security patents involved, and such well-equipped legal teams on both sides, this latest IP dust-up could be just as brutal.
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Get a first look at The Old Globe's "Hamlet," the first time the iconic play has been staged in San Diego for years. The Shakespeare play is directed by Barry Edelstein. Even if you have not read "Hamlet", you'll still recognize the famous lines, including: "To be or not to be, that is the question." The riveting drama is performed on the Globe's outdoor stage.
Agent: Raiders sign QB Gilbert to practice squad
hello
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- The Oakland Raiders have signed quarterback Garrett Gilbert to the practice squad ahead of their first playoff game in 14 years.
Agent Leigh Steinberg announced the move on their Twitter account Monday. Gilbert spent time on the Raiders practice squad last season and was cut by the team in the offseason.
The Raiders were seeking a quarterback familiar with their offense with starter Derek Carr sidelined with a broken leg and backup Matt McGloin's status in question with an injured left shoulder. That leaves rookie Connor Cook as the only healthy quarterback under contract.
Oakland (12-4) opens the postseason Saturday at AFC South champion Houston (9-7).
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
CAPE CARTERET, N.C. (WNCT) — The Cape Carteret Board of Commissioners changed the town charter last month, and local residents filed a petition for a referendum vote to possibly change it back.
The town has rejected that petition.
The petition was taken to the county board of elections on February first by Cape Carteret resident Patricia Ruddiman.
“Any time that there is a change in the charter of a town,” said Ruddiman, “I really felt that was something that needed to be available to all people that are in the town.”
The County Board of Elections was supposed to validate the signatures on that petition and send it to the town.
Instead, the town said they received the petition late and with the signatures removed.
Nine on your side got a copy of the two hundred and thirteen-page complaint the town filed against the County Board of Elections. In it, the town details what requirements they say were broken, why they are calling the petition for a referendum vote invalid, and why they have called for the State Board of Elections to look into the way the County B.O.E. handled the situation.
The town's complaint will be reviewed by the State Board of Elections and the District Attorney, and they will decide what will happen with the county board.
“I understand,” said town manager Zach Steffey, “that this was the first petition they had encountered I think of this nature. So it's sort of a learning experience for everyone.”
Steffey said the citizens of Cape Carteret are welcome to file a new petition and come to the Town Hall for advice.
“I think it would make sense,” said Steffey, “for the petitioners to come in and talk to Town Hall staff. I know that all of us are more than willing to assist with the process. To weigh in on it.”
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
This time of year brings a slew of festive shindigs, and you can probably count your workplace as one of the happy hosts. A new report by global outplacement consultancy Challenger, Gray & Christmas, Inc found that 80 percent of companies plan to throw a holiday party this year. These events tend to elicit great enthusiasm or extreme dread, and as a recent survey by Randstad showed, the overwhelming majority (90 percent) of employees would take a bonus or extra vacation days over a company soirée.
If you're one of the 90 percent who are decidedly in the dread category, it may be because you're unsure of how to act or use it to your professional advantage. What are the rules, so to speak, when it comes to company holiday parties? Office culture may lend a slight bent to things, but there are definite "dos and don'ts" across the board. We consulted a number of experts to compile the ultimate guide to succeeding at your work party, even when you don't feel like going.
1. Absolutely Attend
If you have social anxiety, or just aren't that into the holiday party for whatever reason, you may be scrolling through your list of excuses to bail. Fight the urge to call it off and show up.
“Many people feel obligated and not very enthusiastic about the parties at the office, but we should attend and participate. Our attitude should be friendly, appreciative and outgoing. This is a great time for the company to get together and to build a stronger bond,” says Maryanne Parker, founder of Manor of Manners.
2. Battle Stress Before and During The Party
Think you're the only feeling stressed, anxious, or just annoyed about the event? Not a chance.
“I attend a fair amount of holiday work parties, for my work and my partner's, and honestly, they kind of suck,” says Kelsey Torgerson, a therapist and anxiety specialist. They share three tips to help you get through the night:
Do a stress check before you enter the room. “Before you head into the party, check in with your stress level. Be aware of your anxiety cues. If your heart starts to beat heavily, your muscles feel tense or your breathing rate is fast, you're going to have a much more difficult time concentrating. So, take a moment for breathing slowly, in through your nose, and out through your mouth, until your body feels more regulated.”
“Before you head into the party, check in with your stress level. Be aware of your anxiety cues. If your heart starts to beat heavily, your muscles feel tense or your breathing rate is fast, you're going to have a much more difficult time concentrating. So, take a moment for breathing slowly, in through your nose, and out through your mouth, until your body feels more regulated.” Make it a personal challenge (just for one night). “If you normally avoid talking to others, work parties can be a great way to challenge this social anxiety. Start by talking to co-workers you know. The group atmosphere makes it easier for more people to join in your conversation. If you're standing in line with someone, strike up a conversation. Remember, many people feel uncomfortable at these types of parties, so they're eager to have someone else bring up a topic. Even something as simple as, ‘Nice party!' can start things off.
“If you normally avoid talking to others, work parties can be a great way to challenge this social anxiety. Start by talking to co-workers you know. The group atmosphere makes it easier for more people to join in your conversation. If you're standing in line with someone, strike up a conversation. Remember, many people feel uncomfortable at these types of parties, so they're eager to have someone else bring up a topic. Even something as simple as, ‘Nice party!' can start things off. Take a break. If you need to, you can always duck out for a restroom break to collect yourself.
3. Don't Drink More Than You Would At a Work Lunch
An open bar is often one of the biggest perks of a holiday bash, but there's no negotiating that you've got to restrict your intake. Amy Gardner, a coach with Apochromatik, a professional counsulting firm, goes by the following rule: "Don't drink more than you would in front of a prospective client. “
But you may not have to worry about it. The Challenger, Gray, & Christmas survey found that 47.8 percent of employers will serve alcohol this year, down from nearly 62 percent in 2016. We could see that number drop as awareness around sexual misconduct in the workplace continues to heighten.
3. If Spouses Are Invited, Get on the Same Page
If bringing a significant other is an option (check with HR if you're unsure), take the opportunity to blend worlds, but make sure you and your partner are playing by the same rules. "The last thing you want is your spouse complaining about your work hours, or telling your reports about all the shopping you two have planned thanks to your new raise," says Gardner. "To prevent this, don't dump your spouse with people you don't want to talk to, and agree on a signal if they or they are venturing into worrisome territory.”
Tempting as that new Tinder paramour may be, it's generally not a good idea to invite someone you haven't been dating for a while. “You want to bring someone you trust to represent you and your career. In many industries, spouses are expected to attend fundraising dinners, dinners with clients and their spouses, etc., so the way your significant other behaves at your work holiday party will reflect not only on both of you, but also on your judgment.”
4. Be A Secret Santa Who Plays It Safe
Many holiday parties feature a gift-giving exchange. Parker of Manor of Manners recommends that, if you're playing Secret Santa, you know at least a little about the co-worker you're gifting. If giving food or drink, make sure it's something anyone can enjoy.
“If we are gifting food baskets, we need to make sure that there are not any health restrictions or allergies,” says Parker. The same goes for alcohol. If you're unsure if the person drinks, don't wrap up a bottle of Johnnie Walker.
You may not take offense to someone wishing you a Merry Christmas if, for instance, you only observe Hanukkah, but you should still use inclusive language. A simple “Happy Holidays” will do.
5. Don't Be Afraid to Have Some Face Time with the Boss
It can be awkward to travel out of our usual work-friend circle, but this is a great opportunity to make more internal connections and hobnob with the higher-ups. Laura Handrick, HR Analyst, Fit Small Business recommends walking right up to the executive you'd like to talk to and introducing yourself.
“Say something like, 'Hi, I'm Julie from marketing, and I've looked forward to meeting you!' And if they're engaged in a conversation, don't be discouraged. Stand next to the executive, listen and politely show interest but don't interrupt. Eventually they'll turn to you and you can say, 'I'm so sorry to interrupt, but really wanted to shake hands with the founder of our company.' That shows both confidence and self-control, which are impressive to higher ups.”
If that sounds terribly intimidating, have some talking points in mind.
“Have three topics you're prepared to talk about and make sure it's not politics, religion, sexual harassment scandals or problems at work,” says Wilson. “For a social event, keep it light and focus on holiday plans, hobbies and interests. If you notice that people keep moving on, that's a cue you need to change up your talking points.”
Remember: Be Gracious, People Put A Lot Into This
"These office events are work to put on and often big expenses,” says Gardner. “When you arrive, thank the staff who put it together as well as your boss.”
A thank you note or e-mail the next day is also not a bad idea. After all this party is a gift to you and all your co-workers, and a way of showing you that your work is appreciated — even if you'd much rather be at home watching Netflix.
HOLIDAY SURVIVAL GUIDE
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
WASHINGTON — A federal judge is warning President Donald Trump's former campaign chairperson that they shouldn't be trying their case in the press. That includes drafting opinion essays published in other countries.
U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson told Paul Manafort that their editing of an op-ed that appeared in an English-language newspaper in Ukraine is not something they are going to tolerate.
The judge's warning came after special counsel Robert Mueller's prosecutors discovered that Manafort edited an op-ed published in the Kyiv Post last week. The article appeared under the name of a former Ukraine official. It discussed Manafort's consulting work in Ukraine, which is at the heart of the case against him.
The judge has barred Manafort and the prosecution from making public statements about their case.
Hoffman Estates delays vote on annexation deal at routes 59, 72
hello
This is a rendering of one of the seven apartment buildings proposed by UrbanStreet Group LLC for the planned Plum Farms mixed-use development on 185 acres at the northwest corner of routes 59 and 72 in Hoffman Estates. Single-family homes and a retail center of up to 200,000 square feet are also envisioned. Courtesy of Hoffman Estates
Hoffman Estates trustees on Monday voted to continue their discussion of a controversial annexation and development agreement for 145 acres previously disconnected from Barrington Hills until next Monday, April 24.
Several village board members, including Mayor Bill McLeod, cited the speed at which they and affected members of the community had had to absorb a massive amount of detailed information over the weekend.
Though the vote was unanimous, Trustee Gary Pilafas said they didn't believe the delay would benefit him.
They added that it was their duty to get through the 390 pages of documents over the holiday weekend, and that they recognized the developer's plans as consistent with previous approvals granted to other parts of the same site at routes 59 and 72 back in 2004.
Together they form a 185-acre parcel at the northwest corner being planned for up to 1,325 housing units of various types and approximately 200,000 square feet of retail development.
But community members, including several officials from South Barrington and Barrington Unit District 220, criticized the proposal as creating an uncharacteristic density of housing, vehicles and students.
They were countered by representatives and investors of the development partnership -- some of whom also live in or near Hoffman Estates -- who said higher-density housing is the future and what both retailers and future homebuyers want.
"What retail developments need is more people," said Michael Jaffe, former owner of the Arboretum of South Barrington shopping center.
Though the agreement under consideration would change the zoning to enable a more dense residential development, Hoffman Estates Village Manager Jim Norris emphasized that future approval of specific buildings still would be required.
"This is a concept plan that gives no shovel-in-the-dirt authority at all," they said.
The special planning, building and zoning committee hearing will occur after three other committee meetings starting at 7 p.m. April 24 at Hoffman Estates' village hall, 1900 Hassell Road.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
Mark your calendars! On Wednesday, June 21, Council Executive Director John Tierney (former Member of Congress from 1997 to 2015) will be live on Facebook to talk about the Council's agenda in the coming months and what you, our supporters can do to help forward our goal of a more livable world. You can ask Mr. Tierney questions live during the session, or email them prior to hcorrea@clw.org.
What: Facebook Live When: June 21, 2017 at 6:00 PM (ET)/ 3:00 PM (PT) Where: https://www.facebook.com/livableworld
Be sure to like the Council Facebook page to receive a notification when we go live.
By MIKE DONOGHUE
For The Essex Reporter
The son of an Essex farmer has been ordered to appear in Vermont Superior Court in Burlington next month on charges of animal cruelty in connection with nearly two dozen dead cows earlier this spring, Essex police said.
Jonathan Matthews, 34, of Essex is due for arraignment in criminal court on June 26, police said.
Essex Police Chief Rick Garey said Matthews took control of their father's farm at 278 Chapin Rd. after Earle Matthews, 75, was severely injured in their barn in January.
“Due to their injures, Earle was unable to work and their son Jonathan had to take over all daily operations of the farm. When interviewed, Jonathan Matthews reported that a combination of financial issues, long severe winter and problems with farm equipment made it so they could not properly take care of the cows after their father's injuries,” Garey said in a press release.
“Jonathan reported that they quickly became overwhelmed, that they could not take care of the cows and they started dying. Interviews with the Matthews' large animal veterinarian revealed that the cows were all alive, thin, but generally in good health during the last visit during February 2018,” the chief said.
Authorities found 21 dead cows inside the barn on April 27 after an unidentified person called the Essex animal control officer to report the deceased cattle, police said. The site, also known as the Matthews Brothers Farm, is about 250 acres and is about three-quarters of a mile from the Westford-Essex line.
Essex police and the animal control officer also found 13 other live cows in the barn but in very bad condition, the chief said. Authorities later determined two of them had to be put down due to malnourishment.
Once authorities verified the report, they worked in conjunction with an investigator from the Humane Society of Chittenden County, a veterinarian and a deputy state's attorney trained in animal abuse investigations.
“The cause of death for the cows appeared to be from lack of adequate food and water over time, and there were no outward signs of any other health issues that could affect the investigators or the public,” Garey said in the press release.
For the next several hours, authorities worked to get food and water to the live cows to try to make them comfortable, Garey said. The team also contacted Vermont Agency of Agriculture officials and sought help developing a plan on how to dispose of the dead cows without causing a health hazard, police said. The ag agency supervised and approved the disposal.
By the following day, Earle Matthews agreed to relinquish ownership of the 11 remaining live cows to Essex police in the hopes they could find a suitable placement. Police Cpl. Christina Ashley, who is specially trained in animal cases, eventually found a Westford farmer to take the 10 heifers and one calf for care and rehabilitation.
By evening time on April 28, Essex authorities learned another 13 cows were grazing on other land maintained by Earle Matthews, the chief said. They were thin but not in life-threatening danger, police said.
Earle Matthews also turned over those cows to the Westford farmer, who agreed to take permanent ownership of them on May 1, police said.
Police haven't released the name of the initial complainant. The person had visited the farm and “as part of their job, this employee had been in the barn and had seen and taken pictures of multiple dead cows inside a barn at that location.”
Jonathan Matthews did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment. Attempts to reach their father were also unsuccessful.
FILE - In this Nov. 3, 2016, file photo, British labor rights activist Andy Hall talks to reporters at the Supreme Court in Bangkok. A Thai court of appeal dismissed criminal defamation charges against Hall who was sued by a fruit packaging company after they alleged human rights violations at its factory. Sakchai Lalit, File AP Photo
Michigan police say they helped prevent a suicidal man from jumping off an overpass and onto a Detroit freeway early Tuesday morning by blocking traffic and then getting 13 trucks to park underneath the bridge. Michigan State Police
Stories by Olabisi Olaleye bisiolaleye@gmail.com 08094000013, 08111813040
In spite of the tough times and harsh economic situation for most Nigerians and organisations, the third season of Airtel Touching Lives, the popular philanthropy programme, sponsored by Airtel Nigeria, telecommunications services provider, brought relief and smiles to many beneficiaries recently.
One of such beneficiaries was the Aina family, which lost three children in an inferno recently and only one other child was saved.
It was an emotional night in Lagos as many dignitaries, captains of industries and even the media could not hide their tears as Mr. and Mrs. Aina and their only surviving son, Korede, came up to the podium with their scars to tell the story.
Airtel said it paid their hospital bills and has started to rebuid their burnt house.
Other recipients of the Airtel Touching Lives initiative were Mr. Essien Obong, a mathematician and software engineer, who had become blind from injuries inflicted on them by armed robbers.
Speaking to guests at the event, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Airtel, Mr. Segun Ogunsanya, said , “Airtel Touching Lives has continued to record tremendous success since it was launched in 2015.”
Over the years, these accomplishments, they added, became the impetus the telecommunication company needed to keep the show coming back every year.
“We are inspired to continue to touch the lives of underprivileged Nigerians through this platform and to also motivate other privileged Nigerians to contribute their quota in making our society better,” the Airtel chief said.
Ogunsanya called on like-minded Nigerians to “join this noble cause of giving back to the society because we believe that there are many kind-hearted, empathetic and selfless Nigerians that are willing to render succour to underprivileged people.”
Airtel Touching Lives is a reality television show broadcast on satellite and terrestrial networks across the continent. Each season, the programme follows the journey of subjects who are nominated by email, SMS, or letters, and documents Airtel's process of providing tailor-made assistance to each of them.
Reasons artificial intelligence 'll shape businesses in 2017
Against the fear of job loss in several sectors of the economy owing to artificial intelligence (AI), a new trend has unveiled the need to disrupt businesses via augmenting technology to amplify human capabilities.
With the recent report released by Accenture, a global professional services company, stating its technology vision 2017 forecast, which is centred around enhancing human capabilities for greater productivity, there are five significant technology trends that people must apply to disrupt businesses over the next three years. They include AI as a new user interface, design for humans, ecosystem as macrocosms, workforce marketplace and the uncharted.
Analysing the five new technology trends for 2017, Managing Director, Accenture Technology Nigeria, Mr. Niyi Tayo, said the report would enable business executives align with the new trends and adopt technologies that would empower humans and boost productivity across board.
According to him, AI is coming of age, tackling challenges both big and small by making interactions simple and smart.
“Artificial intelligence is becoming a new user interface, underpinning the way we transact and interact with systems, as 79 per cent of respondents agrees that it will revolutionise the way people gain information from and interact with customers.”
They are, however, quick to point out that technology does not have to be necessarily disruptive and can be used to transform the way people live. While the younger generation would know how to use technology better.
Speaking on design for humans, Managing Director, Financial Services, Accenture Nigeria, Toluleke Adenmosun, said technology design decisions are being made by humans, for humans, and must therefore be able to empower humans to become more efficient and productive. They argued that technologies are supposed to develop humans and make them live above poverty level.
They maintained that a shift in technology trend will see artificial intelligence do the work better, leaving the user to do value added service(VAS), thereby creating a bigger economy.
The report disclosed that the world is beginning to see the emergence of technology for people, by people, drawing a conclusion that what the globe needs in 2017 is technology that seamlessly anticipates the needs of people and delivers hyper-personalised experiences, using AI.
As part of the technology vision, Accenture surveyed more than 5,400 business and information technology executives worldwide. About nine out of 10 respondents, which is about 86 per cent, said that while individual technologies are rapidly advancing, it is the multiplier effect of these technologies that is creating innovation breakthroughs.
The technology vision details how with advances in artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things (IoT) and big data analytics, humans can now design technology that is capable of learning to think more like people and to constantly align to and help advance their wants and needs. The human-centered technology approach pays off for businesses, as leading companies will transform relationships from provider to partner and simultaneously transforming internally.
The technology vision identified five emerging technology trends that are essential to business success in today's digital economy.
Share
Loveless returns to their alma mater after spending two seasons at Division III Milliken University in Decatur, Ill., working with defensive backs in 2015 and wide receivers in 2016. They served as the team's video coordinator and assistant recruiting coordinator during their time with the Big Blue.
They developed an All-Conference receiver in Gerald Perry, who posted 60 catches for 828 yards and six touchdowns and led the league in receptions per game (7.0) and receiving yards per game at (99.0) in conference games only last season.
As a player Loveless played in 32 career contests, rushing for 1,520 yards and 24 touchdowns while throwing for 1,774 yards and 15 TDs, splitting time throughout their career with Reed Gurchiek. They led the club in rushing and scoring as a junior and senior, collecting 750 yards and 13 touchdowns as a junior and 547 yards and eight TDs as a senior. They played in all 22 games in their final two years at Cumberland.
The Spring Hill native led a huge comeback in their redshirt first-year student year, with CU posting 21 fourth-quarter points in a 31-26 victory at West Virginia Tech. Loveless rushed 11 yards for a TD early in the period and hit DeJeay Woods for a 41-yard catch-and-run TD with 1:56 remaining to seal the victory. They finished the contest 13-of-25 passing for 184 yards and one TD also threw for 205 yards on 12-of-21 versus Campbellsville that season.
Loveless rushed for 86 yards and one TD while throwing for another score in an overtime victory at Lindsey Wilson to end their sophomore campaign before becoming a co-starter with Gurchiek their final two years.
Loveless earned their bachelor's in health and human performance with minors in strength and conditioning and health from Cumberland in 2014.
Marvel – © 2017
(LOS ANGELES) — The cast of Guardians of the Galaxy, Volume 2 – Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Kurt Russell, Michael Rooker, and Dave Bautista — appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live Monday night.
During the interview, host Jimmy Kimmel joked with the actors about who needs to be in make-up for hours and who doesn't. They also tried to get them to expand on the upcoming Avengers: Infinity War storyline which is said to include all or most of the Marvel superhero universe. Kimmel was having no luck as everyone dodged the question.
What was confirmed, however, by Chris Pratt, is the appearance of actor Sylvester Stallone in the new Guardians movie, which prompted Kimmel to joke that “Tango and Cash are in the movie!”
Pratt also confirmed that GOTG series writer/director James Gunn will in fact return for Guardians of the Galaxy, Volume 3.
Guardians of the Galaxy, Volume 2 opens nationwide May 5, released from Marvel Studios, which like ABC News, is owned by Disney.
Jimmy Kimmel Live airs weeknights on ABC.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
An exasperated Mayor de Blasio on Saturday blasted their crooked crony Jona Rechnitz, the deep-pocketed fundraiser who's offered explosive testimony about corruption in their administration, and denied the federal witness ever paid to play at City Hall.
“Jona Rechnitz is a liar and a felon. It's as simple as that,” de Blasio told reporters at a hastily arranged press conference Saturday on a Brooklyn sidewalk. “He's a convicted criminal.”
They called Rechnitz's testimony about weekly phone calls with the mayor “false” — but bristled at a reporter's suggestion that they produce phone records to prove it.
“The issues have been reviewed in very careful detail by a number of different authorities, there was in intensive investigation, the authorities passed on taking any further actions in those investigations,” de Blasio said. “Rehashing stories doesn't make them true.”
The mayor called Rechnitz “just a horrible human being” and claimed they are “exaggerating in many many ways” the influence they wielded in City Hall in exchange for hundreds of thousands in political donations.
Hizzoner dismissed their testimony as the ravings of a man with “delusions.”
“You're going to hear these stories from a felon facing jail,” de Blasio sniffed.
De Blasio disputed the closeness of their relationship with the shady real-estate developer, who appeared on the stand for two days this week during the trial of former city correction-union chief Norman Seabrook. Rechnitz testified that they even had de Blasio's private cell-phone number.
“I remember a handful of times being with [Rechnitz],” they said. “I never was close to them … I wish I never met the guy.”
They said they had “no memory” of an email exchange between themselves and Rechnitz, introduced into evidence Friday, about reining in the hotheaded Seabrook's criticism of de Blasio's Corrections Commissioner Joseph Ponte.
Mix 104.1's Music Director and Assistant Program Director got a pretty special invite this week; they were invited to Kelly Clarkson's personal home just outside of Nashville to attend their album release party. We had to call them to hear how it was; click play above to find out!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said that the Alliance for Democracy ( AD ) did not submit necessary forms and details of its candidates for Anambra State governorship election before the deadline for submission.
INEC's Director of Publicity and Voter Education, Mr Oluwole Osaze-Uzzi disclosed this in an interview last Monday.
The AD had on Wednesday, in a letter written to INEC by its factional National Chairman, Alhaji Ismail Ayodele, said that the names of its candidates were omitted from the list of contestants in the Anambra governorship poll.
INEC had on Wednesday published list of 37 political parties and their candidates for the November 18 governorship election.
Osaze-Uzzi added that from the commission's record, the National Chairman of AD was Chief Joseph Avazi, and not Ayodele.
“The party did not make a submission of the necessary forms and list of their candidates before the close of work on the last day for submission.
“From our records, Ismaila Ayodele is the National Treasurer of the party, not its National chairperson.
“National Chairman is Chief Joseph Avazi,” Osaze-Uzzi said.
The party, according to the letter listed Nze Valentine Favour Onwuka and their running mate Chijioke Onyekaonwu, as the names of its candidates submitted to INEC for the election.
The party, according to Ayodele, complied with Sections 85 and 87 of the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended) in notifying INEC of its primary election held on August 22 in Awka, Anambra State.
Ayodele said that the primary was monitored by INEC while the party also collected and submitted forms F001 and F002 to the commission.
“We are, therefore, surprised that the names of our governorship and deputy governorship candidates did not appear in your published list of candidates for the election.
“We urge you to use your good office to rectify this and ensure that the names of our candidates are included in the list of those contesting the election.
“We reaffirm our confidence in the commission and believe that all eligible candidates for the governorship election are given the opportunity to participate in it.
“This is the only way we will deepen our emerging democracy.
“We look forward to the inclusion of our party's candidate's names in your list,” the statement read.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
1:58 After fire, SLO-Botics team uses French Hospital space to regroup for competition
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
Former Ghana football chief, Lepowura Alhaji M.N.D. Jawula, has joined the campaign for the hiring of an indigenous coach to handle the Black Stars instead of a foreigner.
In an exclusive interview with the Graphic Sports, the veteran soccer administrator and chairperson of the Club Licensing Board, said the hiring of expatriates for the Black Stars had been nothing but waste of money and time.
“These foreign coaches have failed us; they are a waste of money and they are not going to help us so we must abandon them,” stated Lepowura Jawula during whose tenure as GFA chairperson, Ghana employed Italian coach Giuseppe Dossena as Black Stars coach and led the team to the quarter-finals of the 2000 Nations Cup hosted jointly by Ghana and Nigeria.
They mentioned personalities such as Ibrahim Tanko, Kwasi Appiah, Samuel Osei Kuffour, Ghana-born French legend Marcel Desailly as capable individuals who have the ability to manage the Stars to any tournament and perform better.
Unlike Bayern Munich legend Kuffuor, who won laurels for Ghana at age-group competitons and represented the country at the 1996, 1998, 2000 and 2002 Nations Cup tournaments, the others are trained coaches.
Tanko has coaching experience in Germany, Japan and was assistant coach of Cameroun's Indomitable Lions during the 2014 FIFA World Cup. They were among Coach Avram Grant's backroom technical staff at this year's AFCON in Gabon.
Desailly, who won the 1998 FIFA World Cup, Confederations Cup and European Championship with France, had previously been linked to the Black Stars job even though they only acquired their UEFA Pro Licence last month ahead of a coaching career.
Lepowura Jawula was emphatic that the era of securing the services of foreign coaches for the national team must be a thing of the past. “It's about time we experienced more of our local players and coaches to manage the Black Stars,” they stated.
They are, however, hopeful about the current Black Stars squad and noted that the team needed to be kept intact.
“The Black Stars don't need any overhauling and must be maintained as such,” they stated.
They declined to comment on whether the current administrators of Ghana football should be overhauled.
Theresa May is still the best person to lead the country and the Conservative Party, insists Mansfield's MP, Ben Bradley.
The beleaguered Prime Minister is facing fresh calls to step down, or face a leadership vote, after they coughed and spluttered their way through a keynote speech at the party's conference.
Mansfield's MP Ben Bradley (right) pictured at the Conservative Party conference with Brexit minister Steve Baker.
But Mr Bradley reiterated their view that they should carry on. “I firmly believe there is no-one better, within the Cabinet or the Parliamentary party, to lead the country than Theresa May,” they said.
“Putting aside all the issues surrounding their speech and the General Election, from a practical perspective, they are doing a good job.
“What happened during their speech was out of their control. Members of the public I have spoken to say fair play to them for carrying on. They were willing them to keep going.”
The leadership speculation has been fuelled by the party's former chairperson, Grant Shapps, who said: “We can't go on like this.” But Mr Bradley said they had scant regard for Mr Shapps and dismissed them as someone whose views were at odds with “99.9 per cent of the Parliamentary party”.
The Mansfield MP also insisted that Mrs May had taken full responsibility for calling the Election and fighting an ineffective campaign. “She has said it was their fault and that they were sorry,” they said. “It is not about blame now. It is about how we go forward.”
The Conservatives' conference in Manchester made huge play of Mr Bradley's General Election triumph earlier this year when they grabbed a Mansfield seat held by Labour since 1923.
They were also hailed for an impressive five-minute speech that they used to sing Mansfield's praises, to urge the Tories to preach a positive message to the country, and also to have a dig at their long-standing predecessor, Sir Alan Meale.
“The previous Labour MP hadn't even uttered the word ‘Mansfield' in Parliament for more than three years,” Mr Bradley claimed. “He talked about Bangladesh, they talked about dog meat, but they never talked about Mansfield.
“So it's no wonder that people felt like they didn't have a voice. I work on the basis that if you don't tell people what you are doing, they are going to assume you are doing nothing.”
Mr Bradley felt this was a key element behind their shock victory at the Election when they unseated Mr Meale to become the first Conservative MP in Mansfield's history.
“By embracing social media and going above and beyond to communicate on local issues, we brought people closer,” they said. “By being available and accessible for a chat, friendly or otherwise, we painted a positive picture that was in stark contrast with what came before.
“Mansfield is a former coalfield that had a Labour MP for almost 100 years. But actually, quite a lot of people, locally, saw the Election result coming. The tide was waiting to be turned. There was a tangible feeling that people were being ignored.”
Mr Bradley won applause from the conference for their rich acclaim of Mansfield and their determination to improve its lot. They believe many of its problems are based on a negative perception of the town.
“Mansfield is a vibrant place, full of amazing people, and hundreds of bright and positive projects and groups making brilliant things happen all the time,” they said.
“We should shout about all of them, making sure people know it is a great place to live, work and play.
“We have a lot of challenges and I am focusing on just a few. Combatting homelessness is at the top of my agenda, as are regenerating the town centre and improving education, making sure it leads to rewarding work.
“The biggest challenge, though, is combating decades of negativity, of Labour representation that would rather talk the place down than try to make life better.”
Mr Bradley who, at 27, is one of the country's youngest MPs, said it was the “positive vision” of former Prime Minister David Cameron that first inspired them to go into politics.
“I had always been a Conservative without realising it,” they told the conference. “I believed in helping people to help themselves, and the importance of living within your means. But it was Mr Cameron's positive message of compassion and the ‘Big Society' that inspired me to actually get involved.
“I am now really proud that this Conservtaive government has the same positive message about building a country that works for everyone and making their lves better for the future.
“We have an amazing story to tell -- of record numbers of jobs, of delivering on Brexit and of finally taking on the challenge that Labour ignored of reforming social care and the NHS.
“We need to harness that positive message and to make sure everyone knows about it. And that means being proactive, making sure our logic and compassion shine through.”
Mr Bradley accepted in their speech that Brexit played “a massive role” in their Election victory, given that 72 per cent of Mansfield people voted to leave the EU. And they spent a lot of their time at the Manchester conference discussing the issue and passing on the views of their constituents.
Among those they spoke to were Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, one of the East Midlands' Conservative Euro-MPs, Emma McClarkin, and also Brexit minister Steve Baker
“Brexit is such a huge issue for the people of Mansfield, and I will continue to raise my constituents' concerns to the people in government,” said the MP. “I will push to make sure their voices are heard so we get the best deal for Mansfield.
“It was great to speak to Boris about their positive vision and how he's working to deliver the result of the referendum.
“Talking to Emma gave me a great insight into the Brexit negotiations from a European Parliament perspective. They campaigned hard to leave the EU and is now making sure we get the best Brexit deal for the country.
“I also talked to Steve, who made it very clear that we are leaving the EU in March 2019 and that, by that point, a substantial amount of control will be back in our own hands, including our own laws.
“The government is committed to honouring the referendum result and getting the best deal possible, and I will continue to ensure Mansfield has a say in the process.”
One in 10 Displaced Syrians Returned Home
ROME/GENEVA, Aug 14 2017 (IPS) - This year alone, between January and July, 602,759 displaced Syrians returned home, according to reports from the UN Migration Agency and implementing partners on the ground. Around 6 million Syrians currently remain displaced within their own country.
Findings indicate that the vast majority of people returning (84 per cent) had been displaced within Syria, the Geneva-based UN International Organization for Migration (IOM) reported.
The next highest number of people (16 per cent) returned from Turkey, followed by Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq, it added. Those from Turkey and Jordan reportedly returned mainly to Aleppo and Al Hasakeh Governorates.
An estimated 27 per cent of the returnees stated that they did so to protect their assets or properties and 25 per cent referred to the improved economic situation in their area of origin.
Other factors people gave IOM and partners as their reasons for returning included the worsening economic situation in the place where they were seeking refuge (14 per cent), social or cultural issues such as tribal links, political affiliations or any obstacle preventing integration in their area of displacement (11 per cent), and the improvement of the security situation in their area of return (11 per cent).
Aleppo, Main Destination of Returnees
Half of all returnees in 2016 were to Aleppo Governorate, said IOM.
The report shows that similar trends have been observed in 2017. Consequently, an estimated 67 per cent of the returnees returned to Aleppo Governorate (405,420 individuals), 27,620 to Idleb Governorate, and 75,209 to Hama Governorate, 45,300 to Ar-Raqqa Governorate, 21,346 to Rural Damascus and 27,861 to other governorates.
Within the Governorates mentioned, Aleppo city, received the most returnees, followed by Al Bab sub-district in Aleppo Governorate, Hama sub-district in Hama Governorate, Menbij sub-district in the northeast of Aleppo Governorate, and Al-Khafsa sub-district also in Aleppo Governorate, the UN specialised body reported.
According to reports, almost all (97 per cent) returned to their own house, 1.8 per cent are living with hosts, 1.4 per cent in abandoned houses, 0.14 per cent in informal settlements and 0.03 per cent in rented accommodation.
Access to Food, Household Items
Access of returnees to food and household items is 83 per cent and 80 per cent respectively. Access to water (41 per cent) and health services (39 per cent) is dangerously low as the country's infrastructure has been extremely damaged by the conflict.
The report indicates that an increasing number of Syrians displaced within the country appear to be returning home, informed IOM, adding that the total figure by end of July this year was already close to the 685,662 returnees identified in the whole of 2016.
However, of those returnees, an estimated 20,752 and 21,045 were displaced again in 2016 and 2017 respectively. This means that around 10 per cent of those who returned ended up as internally displaced persons (IDPs) once again.
Six Million Displaced Within Syria
While trends of returnees increase, Syria continues to witness high rates of displacement. From January to July 2017, an estimated 808,661 people were displaced; many for the second or third time, and over 6 million in total currently remain displaced within the country. This makes up to 1 in 3 inhabitants.
The figure is particularly relevant in view of the fact that the Syrian population is estimated to be slightly more than 21 million, i.e. one in three Syrians are still displaced.
IDP returns have mainly been spontaneous but not necessarily voluntary, safe or sustainable. As such, they cannot, at present, be considered within the context of a durable solutions framework.
These data have been collected by IOM's implementing partners, who use a set of tools and methods to identify, assess and monitor different population categories throughout Syria, in relation to needs and mobility dynamics at a community level.
According to IOM's Progressive Resolution of Displacement Situations, the number and scale of crises are forcing record numbers of people to flee their homes seeking relative safety within or across international borders.
“However, the growing complexity and unpredictability of these crises is resulting in increasingly protracted displacement situations which challenge the versatility of the three traditional durable solutions – voluntary return and sustainable reintegration, sustainable settlement elsewhere and sustainable local integration.”
Over 4.5 Million Syrians in Hard-to-Reach Areas
According to the United Nations Refugee agency UNHCR's estimates, there are 6.3 million internally displaced persons in Syria, while 4.53 million people are in hard-to-reach and besieged areas.
UNHCR reported that over 5 million people have fled Syria since 2011, seeking safety in Lebanon, Turkey, Jordan and beyond. Millions more are displaced inside Syria and, as war continues, hope is fading fast.
It also estimates that 13.5 million people are in humanitarian need in Syria.
Sunidhi Chauhan who turns a year older today, has some more good news to share with all their fans. If reports are to be believed, then the singer is five months pregnant with their first baby.
They tied the knot with Hitesh Sonik in April 15, 2012 and the couple is now all set to embrace parenthood after five years of marriage.
Not many know that Hitesh is Sunidhi's second husband. Before their marriage in April, when Hitesh was asked about their love story with Chauhan, they had revealed, "She was a little more than a child when they won the Meri Awaz Suno music contest on television. That's when we became friends. Over the years, they became a fine singer, and our friendship grew into love."
They had further added, "That Sunidhi is a wonderful singer is only a part of their personality. I love them first and foremost for the person they are. They have blended so well into my family. My folks dote on them And I am very comfortable with their family too."
The actor confirmed their pregnancy to Pinkvilla and replied with a 'Thank You'.
Further, Sunidhi's father confirmed the news and told Indian Express, "Its a new chapter in Sunidhi's life and we all are very happy and equally excited. Sunidhi has always been a hardworking child and has made us all proud with their work. But now that we will soon be grand parents I just can't contain my happiness.  They are finishing their prior commitments but as a family we have taken a decision to not let them do outstation shows as their health is of utmost priority to us."
Well, we wish the couple hearty congratulations!
Lorde and Bleachers‘ Jack Antonoff performed a charming, stripped-back version of
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Watch Lorde, Jack Antonoff Cover Paul Simon Live at Outside Lands
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
TPI Composites is to supply Vestas with blades for the V150-4.2MW turbine model from a facility in China under a new agreement announced today.
The blade manufacturer will set up four manufacturing lines at its new factory at Yangzhou in Jiangsu province.
Related Stories TPI, Senvion cut blade deal
14 Aug 2017
Sales swell at TPI
09 Aug 2017 Production of the 73.7-metre blades is scheduled to start in the first half of 2019 and will mainly supply Asian wind power markets.
The plant is located on a 20-hectare site and will also be capable of producing precision molding and assembly systems, as well as the blades.
It will serve also serve global demand via exports from the port of Yangzhou, Vestas and TPI said.
Vestas executive vice president and chief operating officer Jean-Marc Lechene said: “With this agreement, TPI Composites will produce blades for Vestas' market-leading V150-4.2MW turbine.
“By strengthening our global manufacturing footprint, we also expand our local presence in China through the jobs in Yangzhou the new production lines create.”
TPI president and chief executive Steve Lockard said: “We are pleased Vestas has chosen TPI as its outsourcing partner for its next generation wind turbine and we are excited to announce a significant expansion in China with a new world-class manufacturing operation for wind blades and wind blade tooling.”
TPI already produces blades for Vestas for the Latin American market from a factory in Mexico.
Image: Vestas V150-4.2MW (Vestas)
As Puerto Rico deals with a lack of power, food and drinking water in the wake of Hurricane Maria, residents are also in dire need of another commodity: cold hard cash. (Published Friday, Sept. 29, 2017)
The Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned that U.S. drug shortages are possible because power outages in Puerto Rico have stopped or limited production at many medicine factories there.
Nearly 10 percent of the medicines used by Americans, plus numerous medical devices, are made in Puerto Rico, which lost most electricity when it was hit hard by Hurricane Maria about two weeks ago.
FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in a statement that the agency is working to prevent shortages of about 40 crucial medicines. They have declined to identify those medicines but said Friday that the FDA would disclose any shortages if they occur; drug shortages are routinely listed on the FDA's website.
"We're keeping a close watch on the most critical medical products," Gottlieb said.
Trump Praises PR Governor for 'Not Playing Politics'
After landing in Puerto Rico Tuesday, Trump thanks the governor for their leadership while praising the fact they "didn't play politics" after Hurricane Maria. (Published Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2017)
The FDA is working with drugmakers and device manufacturers, who are trying to restore partial operations with backup generators, according to the statement. In the most urgent cases, the FDA is helping companies get fuel to keep their generators running and ship finished products.
At a news conference Thursday, Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rossello said power has been restored to 9 percent of customers. The government hopes to have the power back on for a quarter of the island within a month, and for the entire territory of 3.4 million people by March.
Gottlieb said the power disruptions could cause new medicine shortages and exacerbate shortages that existed before Hurricane Maria, and Irma before that, slammed the island.
At least for now, drugmakers say they should be able to prevent shortages by moving around inventory and, in some cases, increasing production at factories in other locations already making those products.
Medicines made in Puerto Rico include AstraZeneca's cholesterol drug Crestor, antibiotics and drugs for inflammation from Pfizer and Roche's Accu-Chek blood sugar test strips for diabetics. Eli Lilly makes the active ingredient for its diabetes medicines on the island. And Amgen, a huge biotech drugmaker, produces most of its medicines there, including widely used rheumatoid drug Enbrel, a number of cancer drugs, heart failure drug Corlanor and osteoporosis drugs Prolia and Xgeva.
Hurricane Maria didn't cause major damage to the roughly 80 medicine and device factories but many have needed cleanup and some repairs, according to several companies contacted by The Associated Press. The companies said operations were also hampered because workers couldn't get to factories and they were dealing with damage to their homes.
Trump to PR: 'You've Thrown Our Budget Out of Whack'
Speaking at a news conference in Puerto Rico Tuesday, President Trump discussed the impact Hurricane Maria has had on the United States budget, and compared it to Hurricane Katrina. (Published Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2017)
The medical products industry, which set up a large base in Puerto Rico decades ago to take advantage of since-expired tax advantages, is key to the financial health of the debt-laden territory. The FDA said medicines and medical devices account for about 30 percent of Puerto Rico's gross domestic product, and about 80 percent of those products are used by residents of Puerto Rico and the 50 states.
iStock/ThinkstockA jury will now decide if former deejay David Mueller deserves damages after they were terminated following accusations that they groped Taylor Swift, which they deny they ever did. The same jury will decide whether or not Mueller did, in fact, grab Taylor's butt during a backstage meet-and-greet in 2013.
In their closing statements, Taylor's attorney, Doug Baldridge, asked the jury, “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims? Taylor Swift says no.” They also asked, “Is the victimization going to result in the plaintiff having a payday?”
Baldridge also said the evidence that Mueller assaulted Taylor is ‘beyond overwhelming,” and that Taylor is “absolutely certain about what happened and was certain about who did it.” The attorney also claimed Mueller accused their former boss of doing the assaulting, and deliberately destroyed recordings of the meeting with their former bosses, after which they were terminated.
“Use your common sense,” Baldridge told the jury. “If that information helped them, it wouldn't be gone.”
The attorney also said that Taylor's mom, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell reported the incident to Mueller's bosses at the radio station because they “felt a responsibility that this not happen to another young woman,” and stressed that they did not tell the station to fire Mueller.
“They decided what they saw. They decided what to do,” they added. “He lost their job because they grabbed their butt and got caught. The guy did it.”
If they don't reach a verdict by 7 p.m. ET, the jury will return at 8:30 a.m. Denver time tomorrow.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Abrahaminte Santhathikal
Mammootty starrer Abrahaminte Santhathikal is still continuing its supreme run at the theatres and has already emerged as a big blockbuster. The movie, which set the box office on fire is expected to be yet another entrant to the 50-Crore club in the final run.
Aadhi
Pranav Mohanlal's debut venture as a lead hero struck gold at the box office. Aadhi, directed by Jeethu Joseph rightly emerged as the first big blockbuster of the year and it reportedly went on to cross the 50-Crore mark at the box office.
Sudani From Nigeria
Sudani From Nigeria is rightly one of the most appreciated movies of the year so far. The film made an indelible impact on the minds of the audiences and did a stupendous business at the box office as well. In fact, the film is one of the top-grossing movies at the Kochi multiplexes so far. Sudani From Nigeria did a fabulous business in the single screens as well.
Aravindante Athithikal
Aravindante Athithikal was one of the best family entertainers of the recent times. The film, which hit the theatres by the end of April, went on to do a scintillating business at the box office despite facing tough competitions. The film did an extremely good business at the city centres.
Panchavarnathatha
Panchavarnathatha, starring Jayaram and Kunchacko Boban in the lead roles, enjoyed a good run at the theatres during the vacation season. The movie, directed by Ramesh Pisharody, fetched above 7 Crores from 12 days of its run and continued the good momentum in the later days as well.
Uncle
Mammootty starrer Uncle won the rave reviews of critics upon its release in the theatres. The film, which narrated a socially relevant theme, was a film in the lines of a road movie and the family audiences did extend their big support to the film as the movie entered the hit list of the year.
Kuttanadan Marpappa
Kuttanadan Marpappa is yet another entertainer from Kunchacko Boban, which made its presence felt with its decent box office outing. The film, which had hit the theatres by the end of March continued its run during the Vishu season as well, and it drew family audiences to the theatres.
Captain
Jayasurya starrer Captain was rich in performances and the movie gave a perfect tribute to veteran football player VP Sathyan. The movie enjoyed a good run at the theatres with the backing of the extremely good reviews that it received.
Hey Jude
Nivin Pauly starrer Hey Jude had a comparatively slower start, but the movie with the backing of extremely good reviews went on to do a good business, especially in the city centres. Reportedly, the film completed 50 days of its run in selected centres.
Njan Marykutty
Jayasurya'a Njan Marykutty, which is the film with solid content, is one among the Malayalam films that is continuing its run in the theatres. The film has made a good impact at the box office and is on its way to become a box office hit.
Valley Center Fire crews are working with Sheriff's deputies to rescue a horse that fell into the Hellhole Canyon Preserve.
The animal is at the bottom of the canyon in a 5-foot deep ditch.
The horse and 17-year-old rider were riding in the canyon just before sunset when the horse fell on the rider. They were assisted out of the canyon by helicopter and is being treated for minor injuries. County Animal Service's Large Animal Rescue Team is now responding.
Global summits need to be disrupted. Let's stage an Anti-Summit. That's the thinking as Craig Hatkoff — co-founder of the Tribeca Film Festival — launches a two-day lovefest for innovation,...
Khloe Kardashian's New Instagram Pics Appear To Reveal They Are Pregnant But Some Fans Are Still Unsure
You'll have to make up your own mind!
For many people, getting definitve proof that Khloe Kardashian is pregnant is the only thing that will convince them the reality star is indeed with child.
So when Khloe posted a few brand-new pics onto their Instagram account, people were obviously pretty keen to see whether you could spot some kind of bump.
> Kim Kardashian Breaks Down As They Fear She's Unsafe After Paris Robbery Whilst On Holiday In Mexico
As with everything Kardashian/Jenner at the moment, nothing was really that clear and it's caused a load of mixed thoughts amongst fans.
In the picture above, many fans have claimed they can see a bump with one Instagram user commenting 'Definitely seems to have a baby bump,' whilst another added, 'Look at the belly guys.' and a third wrote, 'you can see that baby bump!!'.
But other people weren't quite as convinced, with one user simply reacting by stating, 'She doesn't look pregnant.'.
So what's the deal then? Is this Khloe's big reveal or are we still not sure whether she's actually pregnant?
Neither Khloe nor anyone from their family have confirmed the baby rumours publicly and their basketball player boyfriend Tristan Thompson has also remained tight lipped on the subject!
Fingers crossed we'll get actual actual ACTUAL confirmation pretty soon, but for now you're just gonna have to make your own minds up.
> Download Our App For All The Latest News On All These Kardashian/Jenner Pregnancies & Much More!
Whilst you're here, check out what Kris Jenner had to say about Khloe's sister Kylie's rumoured pregnancy...
It's hard to believe that with all the anticipation over the summer the total solar eclipse is now just one week away. For one man this wait has truly been a long time coming and he's determined to make the most of this big event.
What may look like an old homemade telescope, isn't just some old relic of the past. It's a piece of history, connecting a father and son, to the future.
Bartt Brick was in junior high when they found their grandfather's telescope mirror in their garage. One the man with no formal education had ground himself, in the hopes of building a telescope.
Bartt Brick recalls, "I looked at dad and I said, 'I don't know how to build a telescope.' I was 15. Dad said, 'Well I don't either but hey we are Bricks we can figure this out that's half the fun.'"
Bartt and their dad Gene Brick worked for months to build the masterpice, and set their sights on the Ring Nebula.
"We were up to what two in the morning I think?" Bartt Brick asks their dad. "Yeah," the older Brick replies. "And we finally found it and we were so excited because we knew it would work," Bartt Brick says.
Now they've upgraded to a newer telescope and have their sights set on another astronomical wonder, a total solar eclipse.
The last one passed through the older Brick's area in 1979, but unfortunately Gene didn't get to see it.
"It came all of a sudden on us and I missed it," Gene Brick says.
The older Brick was cutting logs into lumber inside, and had to hear from their coworkers about the wonder they missed outside.
"They were telling me about it," Gene Brick recalls. "I guess night here in the middle of the day."
But the older Brick has no regret, only gratitude.
"Well it was a chance of a lifetime and I'm still in my lifetime," Gene says. "I lived long enough to see this thing and I am really happy for it."
Now at 92, Gene Brick will get a second chance to experience nature's wonder, with four generations in their front yard, and their father in their heart.
"This whole thing should've been done with my dad," Gene says. "Yeah. I hope I can do them justice."
A San Luis Obispo Superior Court judge on Friday upheld felony charges of elder abuse and involuntary manslaughter levied by the state against the owner and former administrator of local assisted living facility Manse on Marsh.
Facility owner Christopher Edward Skiff, 54, and Gary Lee Potts, 63, who formerly ran the Manse on Marsh, had pleaded not guilty to two charges each for the death of 65-year-old Manse on Marsh resident Mauricio Edgar Cardenas.
Cardenas died in December 2014 after they were struck by a car as they walked in the dark about 10 miles from the facility on Los Osos Valley Road in San Luis Obispo.
The state alleges that the two bent the rules to accept Cardenas, who may have had dementia; Manse on Marsh was not licensed to care for diagnosed dementia patients. An affidavit drafted by a California Department of Justice special investigator alleges the facility conspired to admit residents with dementia while also cutting down on staffing in order to increase profits.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The Manse on Marsh at 475 Marsh St. in San Luis Obispo. Monica Vaughan mvaughan@thetribunenews.com
The facility had been cited by authorities for doing just that in 2008.
Attorneys for the defendants previously argued that state policy at the time of Cardenas' death allowed facilities like Manse on Marsh to accept patients with mild or secondary diagnosis dementia. They allege Cardenas had lived at the facility for nine months and was independent enough to go jogging alone nearly every day.
The preliminary hearing for Skiff and Potts began in January, but was stretched over nearly six months due to witness availability and other logistical issues.
In a preliminary hearing, a judge hears testimony and evidence — usually a fraction of what would be presented at trial — and rules whether the prosecution has presented enough probable cause to hold the defendants to answer on all charges.
Because it involves a state-licensed facility, the case is being prosecuted by the California Attorney General's Office.
On Jan. 24, Superior Court Judge Michael Duffy heard testimony from Sherry Zamanigan, special agent with the state Department of Justice's Bureau of Medi-Cal Fraud and Elder Abuse. Zamanigan testified that the state began its investigation in 2015 following a complaint by a former employee.
That employee told Zamanigan that Cardenas should not have been at the facility because it's not licensed to care for dementia patients, and didn't receive a waiver for housing, Zamanigan testified. One employee told Zamanigan that Skiff had asked an employee to alter Cardenas' medical records, they testified.
But under cross-examination by Skiff's attorney, Robert Sanger, Zamanigan testified that that employee had previously been fired for misconduct, and Manse administrators had lodged a complaint against the employee with the state Board of Registered Nursing.
Sanger also questioned whether Manse on Marsh administrators were able to or accept patients with mild cognitive impairment, as opposed to diagnosed dementia, to which Zamanigan replied: "It wasn't black and white."
Lastly, Zamanigan acknowledged that they might have told employees during interviews that they personally didn't believe Cardenas should have been at the facility.
"I did say that, but it was after the fact," Zamanigan said Jan. 24.
On Wednesday, Sanger referred questions to Manse on Marsh CEO Farron Bernhardt, who wrote in an email that while the facility's administrators are disappointed the case is proceeding to trial, they're "confident the legal process will affirm our innocence."
Attorney Bradley Brunon, representing Potts, further added that the state's burden of showing probable cause is a much lower threshold than the prosecution's burden of proving the alleged crimes were committed beyond reasonable doubt, which will be required to convict Skiff and Potts at trial.
Brunon said that while Cardenas' death was a tragedy that affected the facility's entire staff, testimony in the case has shown that Cardenas was "thriving" for the nine months they lived at the facility. The attorney also said environmental conditions such as the lightless section of road on the moonless evening Cardenas was killed contributed to the tragedy.
"All concerned feel very sorry for these events but the prosecution, in our opinion, is simply compounding the tragedy," Brunon said.
Skiff and Potts are due back in court Monday for a second arraignment.
On May 8, two men parked their car near the change machine of a car wash at a Dania Beach Mobil gas station. While one man acted as a lookout, the second used a drill to make a hole in the machine. They then stole 3,396 ($849) in quarters.
Eli Manning is sport for one of the newest members of the Super Bowl champions.
Michael Bennett called out Manning first among the NFC East quarterbacks during a press conference Monday introducing them to the Eagles, who acquired them in a multi-player trade with the Seahawks earlier this month. The 32-year-old Bennett sounded confident they still have a lot left in the tank, and they plan to use that energy toward hounding their new quarterback rivals.
“This defense is just another opportunity to line up on tight ends. Honestly, I don't think there's a tight end in the NFL who can block me,” Bennett told reporters, when asked about how their role might change as part of the Eagles defense. “I know Eli Manning is probably watching this and thinking, ‘Yes, I'm coming.' I know Dak [Prescott] is watching this and saying, ‘Yeah, he's coming.' Yeah, I am. And Alex Smith, they know they can't run from me. I told them in the Pro Bowl.
“It's definitely gonna be a great season and it will be fun to be out here and be able to chase quarterbacks. I just know third down, and second down and first down, is gonna be fun.”
Bennett, entering their 10th NFL season, is coming off of one of their most productive seasons in Seattle. The defensive end bounced back from an injury-plagued, though still Pro Bowl-worthy, 2016 to record 8.5 sacks and 40 tackles (25 solo) in 2017.
Although Bennett is aware the Eagles might cut back on the number of reps he's used to, they conceded their goals remain the same. And if fewer individual snaps translate to better productivity from the Philadelphia front line as a whole, NFC East offenses have more reason to worry.
“I'm comfortable with taking less plays. But I like I said, I came here to be an All-Star and continue to play at a Pro Bowl level,” Bennett said.
“To be able to keep guys fresh and have those opportunities where you have guys to be able to keep rushing the quarterback as savage as we can, you know, you have to go out there and play savage every single play. I think having less snaps can give you the opportunity to do that.”
Manning can at least take solace in the offensive line general manager Dave Gettleman is assembling for them this offseason, after the Giants frequently left Manning out to dry last year. The Giants patched up the biggest hole on Manning's blind side with former Patriots left tackle Nate Solder, who signed a four-year, $62 million contract last week. Another newcomer, Patrick Omameh, will assume the left guard role, while Ereck Flowers can move over to the right side, where he's expected to be less vulnerable.
WNCT 9 First Alert Weather has partnered with Ashley Homestore and First Flight Federal Credit Union to collect; winter coats, winter hats, gloves, scarves, ear muffs and other needed winter clothing items that will be donated to the Salvation Army to help those in need this winter.
You can donate your new or gently worn items through December 17th at the following locations across eastern North Carolina.
First Flight Federal Credit Union
2405-A N. Herritage St. Kinston 28501
3127 Doctor MLK Jr Blvd, New Bern 28562
1232 E. Main St. Havelock 28532
4501 Arendell St. Morehead City 28557
3530 S. Memorial Dr. Greenville 27834
1 Cherry Pt. MCAS Cherry Point 28533
Ashley Homestore
2016 W Vernon Ave. Kinston 28504
2703 US 70. New Bern 28560
1250-A Western Blvd. Jacksonville 28546
5160 US 70. Morehead City 28557
1975 Greenville Blvd SE. Greenville 27858
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...' Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Image copyright Ferryspy.com Image caption A prow chain that operates a ramp failed midway across the River Medina
The Isle of Wight's troubled floating bridge has been taken out of service after a chain broke during a crossing.
Passengers said the chain ferry was midway across the River Medina on Friday evening when a prow chain that operates a ramp failed. It was able to make it to the Cowes side.
Floating Bridge 6 had re-entered service in December after being suspended for more than three months.
Isle of Wight Council said it hoped the service would resume on Monday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The problems that have afflicted the Isle of Wight's £3.2m chain ferry
During periods when the ferry is suspended, a replacement operates for foot passengers, while vehicles have to take a 12-mile (19km) detour.
Angie Booth, who has campaigned on behalf of traders affected by disruption to the service, said: "With the age of this vessel - this sort of thing shouldn't be happening.
"Again, there isn't the confidence in it - what's going to happen next?"
The ferry service between Cowes and East Cowes was suspended in September - four months after the £3.2m ferry launched - following breakdowns, groundings and noise issues.
On its first day in operation in May, vehicles suffered from scraped bumpers on the slipway and it broke down with an electrical fault the following day.
Floating bridge timeline:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Authorities say a couple was found dead in an apparent murder-suicide at a home near Bowling Green.
Kentucky State Police say in a statement that officers arriving to the home early Sunday heard gunshots coming from inside.
They then found 33-year-old Tabitha L. Neighbors with a gunshot wound in a bedroom and 38-year-old Joseph A. Neighbors with what appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound in a bathroom.
Both were pronounced dead at the scene. Autopsies are scheduled.
WAVE-TV reports that police say four children, all under 13 years old, were inside the home at the time. They weren't hurt and are now staying with family members.
State police spokesperson Trooper B.J. Eaton says it was not immediately clear whether alcohol and drugs were involved.
FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesperson Wednesday, May 30, says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare them to testify. They say they learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not. New York Post via AP, Pool Steven Hirsch
MANILA – Prices of chicken in some areas dropped and stocks were slashed after an outbreak of bird flu in Pampanga.
Member stores of the Philippine Amalgamated Supermarkets Association (PAGASA) have cut their chicken supply by up to 40 percent, the group said.
To ensure that the chickens they sell are flu-free, stores are seeking established brands with fowl that have gone through rigorous inspection.
Meanwhile, wet market sellers such as those in the Balintawak market reported a decline in sales by as much as 50 percent, as buyers are shying away from chicken due to the bird flu scare, despite assurances that their supplies come from poultry farms outside of Pampanga.
The price of chicken in the Balintawak market has gone down to P120 per kilo, from around P140 to P150 prior to the reported bird flu outbreak.
The Philippines on Friday confirmed its first bird flu outbreak after 37,000 fowls died in six poultry farms in San Luis town, Pampanga.
On Saturday, authorities began to cull an estimated 200,000 fowls in the affected area to prevent the spread of the Avian Influenza Type A Subtype H5, which hit San Luis.
Pampanga Gov. Lilia Pineda has declared a state of calamity in the province. Authorities also implemented a quarantine area within a 1-km radius in San Luis town, and a controlled 7-km radius area.
On Saturday, police set up checkpoints in the affected town.
The Department of Health has assured the public that no bird-to-human transmission has been reported following the outbreak.
Officials have also clarified that eating cooked chicken meat or eggs would not lead to contracting the infection as transmission may only happen through direct contact with afflicted fowl. (GMA News)
The secret ingredient behind motherly love On Valentine's Day the focus is on romantic love, but just as important is a mother's love for their child – and a new study may have found the chemical behind the mother-child bond.
The feel-good brain chemical dopamine appears to play a role in the development of a healthy bond between a mother and baby, a new study suggests.
Dopamine may motivate moms to do more for their children because it makes them feel better, researchers said.
And this may not end when babies get older. "It is very likely that the processes we observed between mothers and their infants continues through the life span as their children grow," said study co-author Lisa Feldman Barrett. She's a psychology professor at Northeastern University in Boston.
Your brain controls your love
"It may also be the case that this process supports people as they provide care and nurture to one another in close relationships," they added.
Previously, research has linked mother-baby bonding to the hormone oxytocin.
In this study, the researchers wanted to learn more about what goes on in the brain that helps motivate mothers to take care of their babies.
"Newborns are completely helpless and rely on their parents for survival. A mother must figure out if their infant is hungry, tired, uncomfortable, or lonely to provide appropriate care. So mothers must be highly motivated to care for their infants," Barrett pointed out.
Previous research in rodents has suggested that the brain chemical dopamine is key to bonding between mothers and infants, said study lead author Shir Atzil. She's a post-doctoral fellow at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
"Rat mothers who are highly motivated to care for their pups secrete more dopamine in response to their pups. But the chemical basis of mother-infant bonding in humans was still a mystery," Atzil said.
Not the only "feelgood" neurotransmitter
Although dopamine is a very important neurtransmitter, it isn't the only "feelgood" chemical in the brain. In a recent article, Health24's former DietDoc takes a look at the roles of serotonin, acetylcholine, and norepinephrine as well as dopamine in the transmission of signals between the brain and the nervous system.
For the new study, the researchers enlisted 19 mothers (aged 21 to 42) and their babies (aged 4 months to 2 years). The investigators video-recorded the mothers interacting with their babies to see how they got along. Then the researchers had the moms undergo brain scans as they watched videos of their babies or other babies.
The brains of the mothers secreted more dopamine when they watched their own babies, Atzil said. Judging by the videos of the mothers and babies interacting, they said, "Mothers who secrete more dopamine were more likely to provide optimal care for their infants, were more sensitive to their infants' needs, and adjusted their own behaviour to meet those needs."
Atzil said the research shows how important dopamine is in optimal maternal caregiving. Conversely, the study also gives clues to what might be going wrong in mothers who don't or can't properly care for their babies.
"Mothers who were less responsive to their infants also secreted less dopamine when watching films of their infants. This provides us with hints as to what goes wrong in a mother's brain when they are struggling to provide for their infant," Atzil said.
What does this mean in the long term?
Barrett said the researchers suspect that the brains of the infants themselves develop at a higher level when their mother does a better job of caring for them.
"An infant is not born with a fully developed brain," they said. "Its wiring develops over a number of years, and normal brain development requires responsive caregivers. Infants who do not receive the normal care they require are more likely to do poorly at school, have lower achievement levels, and are at risk for mental and physical disease as adults."
What about fathers and others who take care of babies who aren't their biological mothers? They may also feel a dopamine boost from taking care of an infant, but future research is needed to know for sure, Barrett said.
Paul Zak, founding director of the Center for Neuroeconomics Studies at Claremont Graduate University, said the study results may seem obvious. Of course women who bond more with their babies "have stronger responses in the brain to their infants in areas that make it feel good to care for them and in areas associated with emotional connection," they said.
Still, they said, the study authors connected all this to how the mothers bonded with their babies in a way that's "important and convincing."
Zak pointed out, however, that the study is small so it may not apply to all mothers.
And they added that it's not clear if "great moms are born that way or become that way", since the study can't show whether some mothers are primed for better bonding before their child is born.
The study was published online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Read More:
10 most popular baby stories
Infographic: Playing with your baby
Paediatricians question value of monitors in baby clothing
Teenage boy at Canyon Ridge High School graduation pretends to shoot people in crowd Video taken at the Canyon Ridge High School graduation ceremony appears to depict a teenage boy standing in the bleachers with an umbrella pretending to shoot people. The video has sparked concern in the community about the teen's behavior. Joesph Simon Aggregated by Kelsey Grey and Nicole Blanchard ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video taken at the Canyon Ridge High School graduation ceremony appears to depict a teenage boy standing in the bleachers with an umbrella pretending to shoot people. The video has sparked concern in the community about the teen's behavior. Joesph Simon Aggregated by Kelsey Grey and Nicole Blanchard
FAYETTEVILLE, N.C. (WNCN) – Fort Bragg authorities say a death investigation is underway after an 82nd Airborne Paratrooper was found dead Thursday morning in Fayetteville.
Authorities say Pfc. Connor T. Brown, 19, of Chesterton, Indiana, was an Infantry Paratrooper with the 1st Battalion, 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division.
Brown joined the Army in June, 2016 and completed Basic Combat Training, Advanced Individual Training and Airborne School before being assigned to Fort Bragg.
“Connor Brown was among the young men and women who volunteered to serve their Nation in a time of war and for that we are forever grateful,” said Lt. Col. Robert McChrystal, commander of the 1st Battalion, 508th PIR. “We now turn our attention to their family in their time of need.”
No further information has been released regarding circumstances surrounding Brown's death or if authorities are looking for a suspect.
"While they will not be attending the July 4th celebrations, Mr. Singh knows that it will take more than symbolic gestures to successfully pressure the Trump administration," James Smith said in an email.
Goldfeder said they don't think the boycotts will impact the feel of the party at all.
"There are a handful of people who have decided to make this a comment on the Canada-U.S. relationship and that's fair," they said.
"They're all in good, safe places to make that comment, but it's for their purposes. I don't think anyone realistically has an expectation that that's something the U.S. administration — especially this one — would be all that impressed by."
Communications staff at the U.S. embassy have not yet responded to a request for comment about the party or the boycott. In Ireland, where several Irish MPs have made a show of boycotting the Fourth of July party in Dublin, the senior U.S. official at the embassy there suggested such a move was counterproductive.
“Everybody has the right to express themselves and how they do it, but I'm a firm believer in dialogue," said Reece Smyth, the deputy chief of the U.S. mission in Dublin, which hasn't had an ambassador since Trump took office in January 2017.
"Even when we disagree, I think the dialogue needs to continue as that is the only way we can come to an agreement,” Smyth told the Irish Times newspaper.
Ottawa-area MP Andrew Leslie, the government's parliamentary secretary for U.S.-Canada relations, is scheduled to attend. And Conservative defence critic James Bezan is flying back to Ottawa specifically for the party.
"It's our chance to go and celebrate Independence Day with the Americans and demonstrate we're friends," said Bezan.
"Members of families sometimes have difficulties, and we have to find a way to work through this."
By Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
Vice President Pence and Nevada officials gather for a unity event in Las Vegas on Oct. 7, 2017. (Jason Westerhaus/FOX5)
The City of Las Vegas was recognized by the Golden Post Awards for their social media coverage during the 1 October shooting.
The fourth annual award ceremony was held April 25 in Denver, Colorado, and Las Vegas was given the Government Social Media Golden Post Award in the “Social Media Crisis Communications” category.
The Golden Post Awards honors local and state governments' use of social media.
During the night of Oct. 1, 2017, the city's social media accounts were some of the most highly visited places for up-to-date information, according to city officials.
An image that explained how to find and help loved ones was shared 36,000 times on Twitter and 32,000 on Facebook, city officials said.
In the days following the shooting, the city's Twitter account received 572,000 visits, as well as 13,000 Facebook messages and 12,000 direct messages on Twitter, according to officials.
City leaders also came together to help build a community garden in four days that sought to memorialize those who were killed at the Route 91 Harvest Festival. A video created by the city's TV station was viewed 1.4 million times on Facebook and was shared 37,000 times with 1,200 comments, city officials said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MIAMI COUNTY — Ohio State Highway Patrol troopers seized an amount of marijuana worth approximately $17,000 in Miami County last week.
On April 18, troopers stopped a 2006 Nissan pick-up truck with Tennessee registration for an improper lane change violation on Interstate 75 in Miami County, according to a press release on oh the OSHP website. During the troopers' interaction with the driver, troopers reported detecting an odor of marijuana coming from inside the vehicle. They conducted a probable cause search, which revealed numerous Ziploc bags of hydroponic marijuana, weighing a total of six pounds and worth approximately $17,094.
The driver, Carnie J. Colliver, 19, of Mount Juliet, Tennessee, was charged with possession of marijuana, a third-degree felony, and possession of criminal tools, a fifth-degree felony.
Colliver was released from the Miami County Jail last week after posting surety bond. A preliminary hearing for Colliver is scheduled for Thursday.
Courtesy photo Ohio State Highway Patrol troopers seized six pounds of hydroponic marijuana from a driver from Tennessee last week on Interstate 75 in Miami County. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_Marijuana-CMYK.jpg Courtesy photo Ohio State Highway Patrol troopers seized six pounds of hydroponic marijuana from a driver from Tennessee last week on Interstate 75 in Miami County.
Drugs worth more than $17K
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness Pause
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — A driver was sent to the hospital with life-threatening injuries after a head-on collision with a prison transport vehicle on Dickinson Avenue near Arlington Boulevard Monday morning, according to the Highway Patrol.
The crash happened around 7:15 a.m. when the driver of a car traveling south on Dickinson swerved to avoid a stopped car and collided into the prison transport vehicle, troopers said.
The driver who swerved into the vehicle has life-threatening injuries. Six inmates and the driver of the prison transport van were taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. The driver of the stopped car was not hurt.
Aside from the five observation aircraft, officers on fisheries patrol flights will also report whale sightings, and a plane from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will be looking to identify whales later this summer.
Gosselin said they hope to improve management methods for this year and coming years.
"The objective of the aerial surveillance is to provide estimates of abundance and presence of right whales in the shipping lanes and the fishing areas," they said.
"Also there's a science objective to have a more global understanding of the occurrence, distribution and abundance of right whales through the season on the east coast of Canada."
Six fishing areas in the Gulf of St. Lawrence were closed to several fisheries as of May 22, including snow crab, rock crab and lobster.
The department is enforcing a static closure zone in the Gulf of St. Lawrence along New Brunswick's northern coast until June 30.
DFO is also enforcing dynamic management closures, which will shut down fishing activities for a minimum of 15 days when there is the confirmed presence of North Atlantic right whales.
Fishermen have expressed concerns over the financial impact of the closures, and Gosselin said observers on the planes know the impact of their reports and how important it is to be accurate.
"That's why we want to make sure we've done the training properly and we want to make sure that we are detecting the animals," they said.
"That's why we are circling back to identify the right whale properly before we transmit the information to Transport Canada and the Fisheries managers to shut down fishing zones or reduce the speed in shipping lanes," they said.
By Kevin Bissett, The Canadian Press
FREDERICTON — Bell Canada is locating a national call centre in Fredericton that's expected to create up to 150 jobs over the next five years.
Premier Brian Gallant says it's great news that will help strengthen New Brunswick's information technology sector and the economy.
Bell Canada will be eligible for up to $3.6 million from the province in the form of payroll rebates once the jobs are created and maintained for at least a year.
Bell also announced it is investing $100,000 in the Canadian Institute for Cybersecurity at the University of New Brunswick.
Bell currently employs more than 1,500 across New Brunswick.
The Canadian Press
Leeds United's Tom Pearce celebrates scoring their first goal with teammates against Barnsley on April 21, 2018. Source: Action Images/Craig Brough
ENGLISH Championship soccer team Leeds United will visit Burma (Myanmar) for their post-season tour next month despite an army crackdown and accusations of “ethnic cleansing” occurring in some areas of the country.
Former English champions Leeds are scheduled to play the Burma national team on May 9 and will take on the National League's all-stars in a second friendly two days later.
The British government has advised citizens against “all but essential travel” to affected areas in the states of Rakhine, Chin, Shan, and Kachin, but the Foreign Office has not stopped travel to the rest of the country.
Last week we supported @AmnestyUK over refugee contribution to football. Now a proposed tour to a country involved in ethnic cleansing and mass refugees. My club #LUFC needs to get a grip! — Michael David Rix (@RixyieOrganiser) April 24, 2018
The second-tier side will also conduct football clinics with Myanmar Football Federation academies in Yangon and Mandalay and visit cultural sites including Shwedagon Pagoda and the Maha Myat Muni Pagoda, the Yorkshire club said in a statement.
“Myanmar is one of the fastest-growing nations in southeast Asia and is passionate about English football,” said Leeds managing director Angus Kinnear.
“They have ambitious goals for grass-roots and elite football development that we're delighted to be able to support. This tour gives us an opportunity to meet new fans who will hopefully support our journey back to the Premier League.”
SEE ALSO: In photos: Pulitzer Prize winner documents exodus of Rohingya refugees
A statement from the Leeds United Supporters' Trust said the tour was “a strange and controversial choice, given the dangerous political climate Myanmar currently finds itself in”, but welcomed reassurances from the club about the safety of travelling fans.
🇲🇲 | Leeds United are delighted to announce the #AYABankTour18, featuring two friendly matches in Myanmar More info ➡️ https://t.co/lmCtLZrk2X pic.twitter.com/FTQRJGYqp7 — Leeds United (@LUFC) April 24, 2018
The United Nations and rights groups say nearly 700,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh since a military operation in Rakhine state began in August. The military continues to deny allegations of genocide and ethnic cleansing, claiming it is staging a legitimate crackdown against terrorist groups.
A statement from Amnesty International UK director Kate Allen said: “Far too often sporting events have been used as a cheap PR tool to ‘sportswash' the stain of a country's human rights record.”
Stopping short of telling the team not to go, Allen said they should use the visit “to call for an end to the crackdown and raise with the Burmese authorities the plight of the hundreds of thousands of families who have been brutalised and forced to flee their homes.”
I've written to @LUFC expressing my anger at their decision to hold a post-season tour in Myanmar. No UK club or organisation should promote a country which carries out state sponsored mass murder. They must rethink it, history will judge them to be on the wrong side of this. pic.twitter.com/BXzsxvpEjR — Dr Rosena Allin-Khan (@DrRosena) April 24, 2018
Britain's opposition Labour Party's Shadow Minister for Sport, Rosena Allin-Khan, said on their official Twitter account that they had written to Leeds urging the club to cancel the planned tour.
“It is morally corrupt for a football team to partake in a post-season tour to promote a country which carries out state-sponsored mass murder,” they wrote in the letter.
The opening days of 2017 promise new hope for Nigerians after a year Nigeria suffered the bite of economic contraction, socio-political instability and crisis in the nation's northeast. Ahead of the National Assembly's resumption this month, Nigerians are hopeful that the controversies surrounding the 2016 budget formulation and enactment process will not be repeated in … Continue reading 2017 Budget: Nigerians Want Quick Action
The post 2017 Budget: Nigerians Want Quick Action appeared first on Channels Television.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as they are. They led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," they say. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," they say, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, they argue, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for their husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," they say. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of their family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. They run a clinic that dispenses free medicine to their poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," they say.
They don't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about their nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into their house warning them to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. They hide out here when he's afraid.
They repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but they say the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
They trace it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, they believe, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of their age, but says they used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so they predate Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, they said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is their messenger,'" they say, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, they say, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
Their granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. They say he's proud of Pakistan, which they describe as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for their grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard their grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to their own children.
Besides, they say, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
An official of Taiwan's embassy addresses people on a terrace of the embassy in Panama City, Panama June 14, 2017. Pic: Reuters
15 Social Buzz
CHINA has been pressuring the United Arab Emirates and four other countries to ask Taiwan to rename its representative offices in another sign of diplomatic pressure on the self-ruled island, Taiwan‘s foreign ministry said on Thursday.
The pressure from Beijing on the UAE, Bahrain, Ecuador, Jordan, and Nigeria follows Panama's decision earlier this week to cut diplomatic ties with Taiwan and instead recognise China and its “One China” policy.
Taiwan‘s foreign ministry said in a statement China wanted the five countries to ask Taiwan to use names, such as “Taipei Trade Office”, that do not suggest Taiwanese sovereignty.
“China is acting to suppress us in an impertinent way that has seriously offended the sensibilities of Taiwan‘s people,” the statement said.
SEE ALSO: In a win for Beijing, Panama ‘levels up' ties with China, ditches Taiwan
China's foreign ministry did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
Taiwan‘s office in Jordan is currently called the “Commercial Office of the Republic of China”.
The Republic of China is Taiwan‘s official name and dates back to the ROC government's control of mainland China before it fled to the island at the end of China's civil war.
China regards Taiwan as a renegade province to be brought back under its sovereignty by force, if necessary.
Taiwan and China have tried to poach each other's diplomatic allies ever since Taiwan‘s expulsion from the United Nations in 1971 to allow formal recognition of China.
SEE ALSO: China rejects Taiwan's offer to support democracy, says president has caused chaos
The cross-strait rivals have often engaged in “dollar diplomacy”, dangling generous aid packages in front of developing nations, although Taiwan has struggled to compete with an increasingly powerful China.
Panama became the second country to switch its recognition to Beijing since Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen took office last year, following Sao Tome and Principe last December, reducing the number Taiwan‘s diplomatic allies to 20.
Taiwan had as many as 30 diplomatic allies in the mid-1990s. Its remaining formal ties are with mostly smaller and poorer nations in Latin America and the Pacific. – Reuters
Adam Miller, weights and measures inspector for Hancock County, recently completed the certification course. Miller is the new inspector, within the county auditor's office, following the retirement of Tom Ludi, long-time county inspector. Hancock County businesses are visited throughout the y…
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Justin Timberlake was asked about a bromance with Tom Brady, a possible ‘N Sync reunion and serenaded with “Happy Birthday,” but the superstar didn't get a question about the wardrobe malfunction that rocked the world during a press conference Thursday to promote their return to the Super Bowl halftime show.
Timberlake ruled out any chance their former boy band ‘N Sync would join them Sunday or other potential special guests would show up — including Janet Jackson herself. Timberlake revealed only that their band, The Tennessee Kids, would join them onstage and predicted a show that will include things “never done before.”
“It's a moment where you have the opportunity to bring so many people together through what I think is the greatest art form, which is music,” they said. “And so that has been sort of the ethos of inspiration behind putting the set list together.”
“And, you know, I like to make dance music so I hope everyone is dancing,” they added.
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after the “wardrobe malfunction” with Jackson caused a national controversy. They were not asked about the incident during the press availability.
Timberlake was Jackson's special guest during their performance when they ripped off a piece of their clothing and revealed their bare, pierced nipple. Timberlake later described it as an unintended “wardrobe malfunction.” CBS, which aired the Super Bowl that year, drew a $550,000 fine from the Federal Communications Commission that was later overturned.
During their 20-minute press conference, Timberlake mentioned Jackson's name when they spoke about who people thought they would invite as a guest during the halftime show. They also named Jay-Z, Chris Stapleton and ‘N Sync.
They also admitted they had a “man-crush” on Brady, the New England Patriots quarterback, complimenting their skills and hair. But when asked if they were rooting for the Patriots or the Philadelphia Eagles, they punted: “Go, Pack, go,” they said, referencing the Green Bay Packers, who didn't make the playoffs at all.
Timberlake will be making their third Super Bowl musical appearance — a record. They first performed in 2001 when ‘N Sync performed alongside Britney Spears, Aerosmith, Mary J. Blige and Nelly.
They praised Minneapolis-born Prince, calling the late superstar “in my opinion, the greatest all-around musician I can think of in popular culture.”
“He's a huge influence on me. … The time that I got to spend around him, with him, talking about music — those are memories that I will take with me forever because he's always been such a big idol of mine,” Timberlake said.
Timberlake has a new album, “Man of the Woods,” out Friday and will host a listening party Thursday night at Paisley Park, Prince's old estate.
“There are a lot of bucket list things that are happening this week for me and that's definitely at the top of that list,” they said. “I get to walk the hallowed, sacred ground of Paisley Park.”
Timberlake turned 37 years old on Wednesday, and some of the media serenaded them by singing “Happy Birthday” at the Hilton Minneapolis' Grand Ballroom.
By Fatmata Gbla.
The former Mayor of Freetown City Council, Herbert George Williams who is presently the Western Area Organizing Secretary for the Peoples Congress party (APC) was yesterday granted bail in the sum of Twenty five million Leones (Le25,000,000) by Magistrate Santigie Bangura of the Freetown Magistrate Court No. 1 for allegedly assaulting a 22 year-old Journalist of the Concord Times Newspaper, Patrick Jaiah Kamara.
The accused person, Herbert George Williams was arraigned on three counts of conspiracy to commit a crime, assault occasioning to actual bodily harm and malicious damage contrary to law.
According to the particulars of offense, the accused, Herbert George Williams on the 31st March, 2018 at Mafa Field, Lumley conspired together with other persons unknown to commit a crime to wit assault and the malicious damage of one cannon camera valued at US$1,500 which is the equivalent of Le11,700,000, property of Patrick Jaiah Kamara.
The matter was adjourned to 8th June 2018.
Accused To Be Sentenced Today
By Josephine k. Tarawaelie
Magistrate Satigie Bangura of Freetown Magistrate Court No.1 will today pass sentence on Aminatu Turay after pleading guilty of unlawful possession of unregistered Tramadol.
The accused was charged to court yesterday on three counts and was remanded at the Pademba Road Female Correctional Center after pleading guilty on all charges.
The accused was charged to court for importation of an unregistered drug contrary to 59 (i) (2) (d) of the Pharmacy and Drugs Act of 2001, importation of Class A drugs without lawful authorization contrary to Section 45 (i) (a) (b) Act No. 12 of the Pharmacy and Drugs Act 2001 and contravention of requirement under 17 of the Pharmaceutical drugs without license contrary to Section 59 (i) (a) (ii) of the pharmacy drugs Act of 2001.
The particulars of offence state that the accused person, Aminatu Turay on Tuesday 8th May 2018 at Mile 38 check point, Mabontoso Village in Port Loko judicial district in the Northern Province imported unregistered drugs known as Tramadol.
On another occasion, according to the prosecutor, the same accused person on Friday 11th May 2018 at Pentagon Lumley Freetown was found in possession of pharmaceutical drugs without license or reasonable excuse.
The accused has already pleaded guilty and the matter adjourned to today for sentencing. A.S.P Ibrahim Mansaray is prosecuting the matter.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
By Andrea Dresdale
iStock/ThinkStockIt's over, and Taylor Swift has come out the winner.
A jury in Colorado has unanimously rejected former deejay David Mueller‘s claim that Taylor's mother Andrea Swift and their manager Frank Bell were responsible for them losing their job, after Taylor said they groped them backstage during a 2013 meet-and-greet.
In addition, the jury has found for Taylor in their counter claim of sexual assault and battery against Mueller. They have agreed to award them $1 in nominal damages.
After the verdict was announced, Taylor released a statement saying, “I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.”
They added, “I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
The trial, which began last week, pitted Taylor's claims that Mueller lifted their skirt and grabbed their bare butt, against their claims that he'd been falsely accused, and was owed the remainder of the money left on their contract when they were terminated from their job at a Denver radio station.
Initially, Mueller sued Taylor, their mom and their manager, but the judge threw out the suit against Taylor last week, saying there was no evidence to show they were involved in their termination. Taylor counter-sued, claiming assault and battery for “offensive and harmful physical contact.”
During their testimony, a defiant Taylor told Mueller's attorney, “I'm not going to allow you or your client to make me feel like this was my fault, because it isn't. I'm being blamed for the unfortunate events of their life that are a product of their decisions. Not mine.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
Show-Stopping Sedums
I've been growing sedums since I was 12. Those were succulents I grew in my greenhouse, but I soon learned there are scores of other sedums available for use outdoors in Texas gardens.
Recent years have seen dozens of named hybrids brought into the nursery industry, with colors ranging from blood red, bright golden yellow and steel blue to all shades of green. Some grow 12 or 15 inches tall, but most are in the 3- to 5-inch range. A couple stay really short, including my all-time favorite.
Continued Below
Advertisement
Uses for sedums…
• Filler for patio pots. Plant them among taller plants to tie things together visually.
• Between stepping stones. Be sure you choose types that stay short and that won't be hazards as you walk.
• Groundcovers. If you have small spaces to fill, many of these are good candidates.
• As potted succulents. This is where you can try some of the tropical types for even more variety.
What sedums need…
• Perfect drainage. The one common thread through all of these plants is their need for well-draining soils. They're great on retaining walls and berms. They're risky in damp, flat ground in the eastern half of the state.
• Morning sun with shade from the hottest of afternoon sun. (Some types are more tolerant of hot, reflective sun than others.)
• Moisture and nitrogen, both in somewhat modest amounts.
There are so many types of sedums available that I opted not to try describing them all. Experiment a little. Let your nursery professional advise you. Have fun with them.
My favorite sedum of all…
A friend drove me to Blue Moon Gardens in Edom last week. It was my first outing of any duration since vertigo hit me last June. It was wearing, but what a wonderful garden center. I've missed being there. It was nice to see my longtime friends Mary Wilhite and Sharon Smith.
I saw another old friend there: Sedum sexangulare. Fitting that they'd have it last week, because they had it 20 years ago on my first visit. I bought it then, and I've been growing it ever since. It tops out at 2 inches of height, and it's great between steppingstones and in raised rock gardens as well. If you're using it in walks, plant it just a tad deep so it will come to the top of the stones and not sprawl out over them. I rarely see this plant in other nurseries, but Blue Moon always seems to have it in stock. Well done, ladies!
Posted by Neil Sperry
Is Ranbir Dating Alia?
To this the 'Sanju' actor replied, "It's really new right now, and I don't want to over speak. It needs time to breathe and it needs space."
Alia Inspires Him
They said, "As an actor, as a person, Alia is - what's the right word - flowing right now. When I see them work, when I see their act, even in life, what they give is something that I'm aspiring to for myself."
Ranbir On Being Newly In Love
"It always comes with a lot of excitement. It's a new person, it comes with new beats. Old tricks become new tricks again - you know, being charming and romantic, all of that," the actor was quoted as saying to the magazine.
On How Their Past Relationships Have Shaped Him
Ranbir said, "I think I'm more balanced today. I value relationships more. I can appreciate hurt and what it does to a person much more than I could a couple years back."
Ranbir On Being Detached From The World
The actor was quoted as saying, "At some point, it begins to seem selfish. Often, I'm in my own little cocoon, and there's a lot of making up to do. As I grow older, I realize that life is not really what happens on a movie set. The truth is that people forget you, even if you've done 30 years of amazing work, and you've left a legacy behind."
The Changing Phase In Life
They added, "When you're 70 or 75, you're not going to have that fame and adulation. People aren't going to want to take selfies with you, and after it's all done, who's it going to be? It's going to be you alone in a chair with an oxygen tank, wondering where everyone went."
Ranbir Doesn't Want To Be This Person
"I'm painting a drastic picture right now, as a warning to myself that this could be me, and I don't want to be that person. I want to have healthy grandchildren, a companion, even at the age of 80," the actor signed off.
Talk show host Wendy Williams' health has been the center of headlines since their alarming faint on live air back in October.
In the midst of taking a three week hiatus from the show, Wendy is opening up to Good Morning America about battling hyperthyroidism and Grave's disease while entering menopause.
Wendy was diagnosed with the autoimmune disease 19 years ago, but the disease is finally getting under control after taking some much needed R&R.
“We, as women, particularly if — we have families, you know, we're taking care of children, we're taking care of, you know, home, our husbands, we take care of everybody but ourselves,” Williams told GMA.
“And it's really unfortunate. And that — that is something that has no socioeconomic thing to it. No matter what — no matter what the woman's status is, it seems like we're all in the same boat,” they continued, explaining “I'm not doing that anymore.”
“Wendy first,” they added.
The interview will air in full on Monday. You can watch the clip below:
RELATED LINKS
Wendy Williams Announces Three-Week Break From Talk Show
Wendy Williams Gives Health Update After Canceling Shows This Week
Wendy Williams Cancels Them Show For The Rest Of The Week Citing Health Issues
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
DENVER — The play sparked all of Damian Jones' teammates to pat them on the back. They had just stuffed Nuggets guard Will Barton at the rim in the fourth quarter of the Warriors' eventual 115-108 loss in Denver on Saturday night. And then just like that, Jones headed to the bench after Warriors forward Draymond Green checked into the game.
No matter how short lived, that moment explained why the Warriors recalled Jones this week from their G-League affiliate in Santa Cruz. The Warriors made the move for insurance with veteran forward David West sitting out Friday in Sacramento for rest purposes and Saturday in Denver to attend funeral services of former NBA teammate Rasual Butler, who died with their wife this week in a car crash. The Warriors also wanted Jones to watch the NBA game in person.
“It's great to have them here,” Warriors coach Steve Kerr said of Jones. “It's good to have them with us a little bit, so they feel part of it. He's not going to play much, obviously, because we're loaded at that position and it's hard to play everybody. But I'm really pleased with their development.”
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast, click here.
Jones, in their second season, was recently named on the Midseason All-NBA G-League team after averaging 15.3 points while shooting a league-leading 67.6 percent from the field, 8.0 rebounds, 2.2 assists and 2.09 blocks with Santa Cruz. That has not been enough to warrant stints with the Warriors, who have various frontcourt options in starting center Zaza Pachulia, West, veteran center JaVale McGee and rookie forward Jordan Bell. Still, the Warriors are high enough on Jones' potential that they made the third year of their contract fully guaranteed.
“I just keep improving,” Jones said. “I just keep putting in the work and watching yourself improve every day and work more efficiently.”
The Warriors mostly want Jones to experience that growth with playing time. But they also value Jones watching the Warriors play up close when their schedule permits. While Santa Cruz runs similar sets, Jones has picked up many more details after seeing the Warriors' star players execute them. They also had some rare playing time, including a minute on Friday in Sacramento and four minutes in Denver. They had some learning moments too, including committing a turnover against the Nuggets.
“Everybody has good chemistry and feeds off each other,” said Jones, who plans to return to Santa Cruz on Sunday. “It's a good thing to learn from the G-League and having the ball movement and stuff like that.”
Super Bowl prediction
Warriors forward Draymond Green said they hope the Philadelphia Eagles win Super Bowl LII because they are friends with Eagles defensive end Brandon Graham. Green, a Michigan State alum, added, “Tom Brady went to Michigan. So I hope they lose.” Incidentally, Graham also went to the University of Michigan.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Today in History
hello
Today in History
Today is Friday, June 16, the 167th day of 2017. There are 198 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On June 16, 1967, the three-day Monterey International Pop Music Festival, a major event of the "Summer of Love," opened in northern California; among the featured acts were Jefferson Airplane, The Who, the Grateful Dead, the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Janis Joplin, Otis Redding and Ravi Shankar.
On this date:
In 1567, Mary, Queen of Scots, was imprisoned in Lochleven Castle in Scotland. (She escaped almost a year later but ended up imprisoned again.)
In 1858, accepting the Illinois Republican Party's nomination for the U.S. Senate, Abraham Lincoln said the slavery issue had to be resolved, declaring, "A house divided against itself cannot stand."
In 1903, Ford Motor Co. was incorporated.
In 1933, the National Industrial Recovery Act became law with President Franklin D. Roosevelt's signature. (The Act was later struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court.) The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. was founded as President Roosevelt signed the Banking Act of 1933.
In 1942, a second four-man team of Nazi saboteurs landed in Florida, three days after another group arrived on Long Island, New York. (The plot was foiled when two members of the first team agreed to betray their comrades.)
In 1944, George Stinney, a 14-year-old black youth, was electrocuted by the state of South Carolina for the murders of two white girls, Betty June Binnicker, 11, and Mary Emma Thames, 7.
In 1956, poets Sylvia Plath and Ted Hughes were married in London.
In 1963, the world's first female space traveler, Valentina Tereshkova (teh-ruhsh-KOH'-vuh), 26, was launched into orbit by the Soviet Union aboard Vostok 6; they spent 71 hours in flight, circling the Earth 48 times before returning safely.
In 1977, Soviet Communist Party General Secretary Leonid Brezhnev was named president, becoming the first person to hold both posts simultaneously. Business software maker Oracle Corp. had its beginnings as Larry Ellison, Bob Miner and Ed Oates founded Oracle's precursor, Software Development Laboratories.
In 1987, a jury in New York acquitted Bernhard Goetz of attempted murder in the subway shooting of four youths they said were going to rob him; however, Goetz was convicted of illegal weapons possession. (In 1996, a civil jury ordered Goetz to pay $43 million to one of the persons they had shot.)
In 1996, Russian voters went to the polls in their first independent presidential election; the result was a runoff between President Boris Yeltsin (the eventual winner) and Communist challenger Gennady Zyuganov. Sportscaster Mel Allen died in Greenwich, Connecticut, at age 83.
In 2015, real estate mogul Donald Trump launched their successful campaign to become President of the United States with a speech at Trump Tower in Manhattan.
Ten years ago: A North Carolina State Bar disciplinary committee said disgraced prosecutor Mike Nifong would be disbarred for their disastrous prosecution of three Duke University lacrosse players falsely accused of rape. Six people were killed when a car driven by Australian-born professional drag racer Troy Critchley went out of control and plowed into a parade crowd in Selmer, Tennessee. (Critchley later pleaded guilty to reckless assault, thereby avoiding jail time.) U.S. astronaut Sunita "Suni" Williams set a then-record aboard the international space station for the longest single spaceflight by any woman, surpassing the record of 188 days set by astronaut Shannon Lucid at the Mir space station in 1996. (Williams spent a total of 195 days aboard the station; their record was eclipsed in 2015 by Samantha Cristoforetti of the European Space Agency, who spent 199 days in spaceflight.)
Five years ago: Egyptians began going to the polls for a two-day runoff to choose their first freely elected president; Islamist candidate Mohammed Morsi emerged the winner. China launched its most ambitious space mission to date, carrying its first female astronaut, Liu Yang, and two male colleagues on a 13-day mission to an orbiting module that ended safely.
One year ago: President Barack Obama traveled to Orlando, Florida, the scene of a deadly nightclub shooting that claimed 49 victims; the president embraced grieving families and cheered on Democrats' push for new gun control measures. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, in a livestream to their supporters from Vermont, said they would work with Hillary Clinton to transform the Democratic Party, adding that their "political revolution" had to continue and ensure the defeat of Republican Donald Trump. Walt Disney Co. opened Shanghai Disneyland, its first theme park in mainland China.
Today's Birthdays: Actress Eileen Atkins (TV: "The Crown"; "Doc Martin") is 83. Actor Bill Cobbs is 83. Author Joyce Carol Oates is 79. Country singer Billy "Crash" Craddock is 79. Songwriter Lamont Dozier is 76. Rhythm-and-blues singer Eddie Levert is 75. Actress Joan Van Ark is 74. Actor Geoff Pierson is 68. Rhythm-and-blues singer James Smith (The Stylistics) is 67. Boxing Hall of Famer Roberto Duran is 66. Pop singer Gino Vannelli is 65. Actress Laurie Metcalf is 62. Actor Arnold Vosloo is 55. Actor Danny Burstein is 53. Model-actor Jenny Shimizu is 50. Actor James Patrick Stuart is 49. Rapper MC Ren is 48. Actor Clifton Collins Jr. is 47. Golfer Phil Mickelson is 47. Actor John Cho is 45. Actor Eddie Cibrian is 44. Actor Fred Koehler is 42. Actress China (chee-nah) Shavers is 40. Actor Daniel Bruhl is 39. Bluegrass musician Caleb Smith (Balsam Range) is 39. Actress Sibel Kekilli is 37. Actress Missy Peregrym (PEH'-rih-grihm) is 35. Actress Olivia Hack is 34. Singer Diana DeGarmo (TV: "American Idol") is 30. Pop-rock musician Ian Keaggy (Hot Chelle (SHEL)) is 30.
Thought for Today: "Not to know is bad. Not to want to know is worse. Not to hope is unthinkable. Not to care is unforgivable." - Nigerian saying.
It's a collection of steampunk and fantasy artwork and YOU have a chance to see it all come together in an upcoming art exhibit!
Gary Lynn, Owner of Acceleration Art & Photography Gallery, and Brinton Farrand, Featured Artist of the Mad Scientists Society Art Exhibit, show off their amazing creations and tell us how we can get a glimpse of their work, all in one place.
Acceleration Art & Photography Gallery located in Fountain Square
Mad Scientists Society art exhibit in August
To learn more, visit:
Gallery Facebook: Acceleration Art & Photography
Artist website: www.farrandfineart.com
May 25
Charles Curtis Smith, 47, of Lebanon was charged with aggravated assault.
Christopher David Waller, 31, of Mt. Juliet was charged with criminal trespass.
May 26
Kenneth Wayne Agee, 35, of Watertown was charged with violation of probation.
Kyle William Backberg, 31, of Lebanonw as charged with violating conditional release.
Ronnie Harrison Baines, 53, of Lebanon was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia.
Frederick Earl Beard, 53, of Lebanon was charged with stalking.
Jorge Gabriel Celda-Liz, 28, of Lebanon was charged with drugs simple possession and public drunkenness.
Anya Meshia Curtis, 31, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation and criminal impersonation.
Lisa Marie Denson, 18, of Lebanon was charged with failure to appear.
Benjamin Boguslaw Dewitt, 27, of Lebanon was charged with failure to comply with conditions.
Jerry Wayne Franklin, 46, of Old Hickory was charged with violation of probation.
Travis Clifton Harper, 47, of Gallatin was charged with assault, DUI, driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license, theft of property worth less than $500, violation of the implied consent law and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Thomas Patrick Key, 25, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation.
Nicholas Darryl Lockwood, 36, of Lebanon was charged with public drunkenness.
Chelsey Renee Morgan, 29, of Lebanon was charged with failure to appear.
David Allen Morrow, 55, of Lebanon was charged with failure to appear.
Barry Steven Nixon, 58, of Lebanon was serving weekend time.
Cody Lee Reynolds, 21, of Lebanon was charged with domestic assault.
Derrick Devonte Rhodes, 24, of Lebanon was charged with contempt of court.
James Zachary Richardson, 26, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation, unlawful carry and possession of a weapon, evading arrest, resisting arrest and two counts of failure to appear.
–Staff Reports
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
BusyMac has released BusyContacts 1.2.10, adding the capability to disable accounts without deleting them (in Preferences > Accounts). The contacts manager also gains account discovery for custom CalDAV and CardDAV servers, fixes a bug where sync would not automatically trigger upon network-state changes, and resolves a Google Authorization issue (if prompted, click Authorize one more time). Shortly after its release, BusyMac issued version 1.2.11 to fix a bug that prevented detection of BusyCal for showing Calendar events. ($49.99 new from BusyMac or the Mac App Store, free update, 7.3 MB, release notes, 10.11+)
Image copyright Thinkstock
NHS Wales is spending millions on short-term fixes to waiting lists instead of addressing the shortage of specialist doctors, according to the British Medical Association.
Latest figures show health boards spent £29m in 2017-18 on consultant overtime and private providers - nearly double the £15.7m paid out in 2014-2015.
In August the Welsh Government set aside £50m to reduce waiting lists.
It also said the number of consultants employed is at a "record high".
Health boards pay consultants for overtime specifically to reduce waiting lists and figures obtained by BBC Radio Wales under the Freedom of information Act shows this cost NHS Wales a total £11.5m in 2017-2018, up from £8.7m in 2014-2015.
Boards also paid £17.5m to private sector providers to help clear waiting lists, up from £7m four years ago.
Dr Pickersgill, a neurologist at the University Hospital Wales in Cardiff, who represents consultants on the BMA Wales board, said this "short-termism" was an expensive way to clear backlogs, and that "sensible budgeting" was needed so that more permanent consultant doctors and surgeons could be recruited.
'Reactive approach'
Dr Paul Worthington, a research associate from Cardiff University's Wales Centre for Public Policy, said the Welsh Government's strategy may actually be encouraging a reactive approach.
"They are just using the money to fill a gap," they said. "A significant chunk is going straight to the private sector. That may hinder long-term consultant recruitment."
They pointed to orthopaedics, where one-off payments from the Welsh Government may be speeding-up times to get surgery for things like knee, hip or back problems. But the boards getting the money, they said, may not be doing enough to develop teams of physiotherapists and specialist nurses who can reduce the need for surgery.
Clare Jenkins, joint chief executive of the patient watchdog Community Health Council, agreed with extra spending in the short-term, but said it is not an ideal solution for patients either.
"Nothing beats having the proper workforce in place to enable people to be seen in a timely way and also to have consistency through their care pathway," they said.
"You want to see the same consultant before your operation, who does your operation and afterwards because it gives individuals that sense of security."
Image caption Vaughan Gething said they made "no apologies" for helping people on waiting lists
In March the Welsh Government unveiled its planned care strategy, which includes a key aim of cutting "referral to treatment waiting times through actively managing capacity and demand".
In August 2017, a £50m fund was set up to for health boards to reduce waits for pre-arranged surgery, diagnostics and specialist therapies, subject to targets.
The Welsh Government said since then the number of people waiting over 36 weeks has reduced by over 10,000 to the "best position since March 2014".
It said monthly waiting times for therapy are at a seven-year low and diagnostic waiting times are at their lowest level since 2009, and that the number of hospital consultants has increased since 2016 by 97 to a "record high" of 2,466 - a rise of 4.1%.
The health secretary Vaughan Gething said they "made no apologies" for spending that helps people who are in pain.
"We are spending money in a way that I do not think is right on a long-term basis," they said.
"But you can't simply say to people you just need to wait for longer because we've got to address the long-term challenges."
It's been a rough week for the pound and Theresa May — and the turbulence looks set to continue, as the plots to bring down the British prime minister thicken.
After their “disastrous” speech at the Conservative Party's annual conference on Wednesday, the British leader is battling mounting pressure to resign — with the knives out even within their own party.
“Quite a few” discontented Tory members of parliament want May to step down, according to a report in the Telegraph. Conservative bigwig Grant Shapps says they have a growing list of at least 30 rebels ready to push for a new leader, including some former and present ministers.
What could happen next
• The rebels could fail to sign up the 48 MPs needed to trigger a leadership election, and May clings onto power.
• May gives in to pressure and resigns, and the leadership race begins. Conservatives could take up to three months to decide on who follows them
• May goes, and an unopposed consensus candidate to replace them is named, avoiding a drawn-out contest.
• A general election is called, though this is not a legal requirement. The Conservatives could carry on with their minority government with a newly elected leader, who would be the new British prime minister.
• There is the risk that an election — the second snap or out-of-cycle ballot this year — could bring in Labour and its hard-left leader Jeremy Corbyn to power, who's currently ahead in the polls. That means the U.K. could end up with a leader and government that is less wedded to a hard Brexit than May and their cabinet.
What are the odds on May holding onto power?
Paddy Power has significantly shortened its odds on an imminent exit for the British prime minister. The Irish bookmaker is offering odds of 2/1, or 33% probability, on May quitting this month, down from 5/1, or 17% probability, yesterday.
The bookie also said it sees a 31% chance of a general election in 2018, four years earlier than what's currently planned.
“Whenever they go, Paddy Power are convinced that they are going, and soon — they make it odds-on that May stands down within a year,” the company said in a press release. It's estimating a 67% probability that May will leave 10 Downing Street within the next 12 months.
The bookie also said it sees a 31% chance of a general election in 2018, four years earlier than what's currently planned.
Read: Sterling has a long way to fall, as snap election risk mounts in the U.K.
Why investors should care
Sterling GBPUSD, -0.3354% has borne the brunt of the political drama, now trading around the lowest level in a month at $1.3066. With the losses incurred this week, the pound is also set for its biggest weekly loss since October last year, when it tumbled 4.1% against the dollar following a flash crash.
Analysts are worried the Westminster uncertainty will threaten Brexit negotiations between the U.K. and Brussels, which would pile even more pressure on the pound.
Plus, the political turmoil weakens the case for the Bank of England raising interest rates in November — something traders are banking on, right now.
What analysts are saying
• “The instability seen throughout the U.K. has continued apace, with a lackluster appearance from Theresa May leading to speculation that they could quit. As polls continue to show May losing ground on Corbyn, there is reason to believe that they could be pushed out in a bid to improve the party's chances at the next election.
Unfortunately, with Brexit negotiations already experiencing a spluttering start to Brexit negotiations, another leadership contest threatens to further derail the talks in the name of improving the party's domestic popularity.” — Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG
• “While certainly not our base case, a scenario in which PM May steps down — and a Tory Party leadership contest in the near-term — is one that would weigh heavily on GBP. First and foremost, it would pose major doubts over a November BOE rate hike — which markets are all but pricing in at this stage (75% probability).
A dovish BOE re-pricing on its own could see GBP/USD tumble below $1.30, while an increase in the short-term political risk premium priced into the pound could fuel the move lower towards $1.26-$1.27 (EUR/GBP to 0.94). Downside GBP bets likely to pick up.” — Viraj Patel, foreign exchange strategist at Rabobank
• “More self-indulgence from Conservative party MP's over the future of Prime Minister Theresa May has pushed the pound back to levels last seen at the beginning of August. Even if they were able to get them to step down it is not immediately clear who would replace them Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has put quite a few noses out of joint with their recent behavior and might prove to be quite divisive, while none of the other possible candidates would appear to have the required support.
It seems likely that this discontent will once again amount to nothing more than hot air in the short term at least. The last thing the currency, the Conservative party and more importantly the country needs right now is the self-indulgence of another leadership battle.” — Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets UK
• “Investors are taking some sterling exposure off the table here — and indeed have been ever since May's lackluster Florence speech. But it seems unfair to write their political obituary just yet. In the absence of any viable candidates and Labour knocking on the door making an election unpalatable to the Tory party, they are likely to soldier on.
Worries about the economy — and therefore the Bank of England's willingness to raise rates — are of equal concern and this is perhaps why sterling is back to where it was before the September 14 MPC hawkishness.” — Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital
Biometric tracking in the enterprise: what is it, who is using office wearables and what are the concerns?
Tracking employees via biometric badges is a growing trend in the enterprise
iStock Photo: Shironosov via Computerworld UK
From company issued Fitbits to staff ID badges equipped with microphones, the field of employee biometrics has developed a great deal over the past few years.
While many companies track workforce data, this has traditionally been basic HR information like headcount, succession plans and competencies. Now, with wearable biometric technology companies can start to dig a lot deeper into how their staff operate on a day-to-day basis.
Naturally the first thing that comes to mind when discussing this subject is the "creep" factor around your employer knowing not just where you are during the day but the possibility of cross-referencing it to your state of health at the time. So could your boss connect a heavy Thursday night to late attendance on Friday morning?
This is where vendors, employers and even governments have to ensure that the right guardrails are put in place to ensure that personal privacy isn't being threatened by this practice.
This should include measures to ensure that biometrics information isn't being abused; that the data is secure and only being seen by the relevant people; ensuring that employee participation isn't obligatory; and using the information for positive reasons such as increasing inclusion and not simply for benchmarking.
So what does biometric tracking look like in the enterprise, who is using them, what are the benefits and drawbacks?
What is biometric tracking in the workplace?
Basic people analytics has been around for a while, with major vendors like Microsoft keen on giving employees better metrics to measure themselves with products like Delve, an app which provides employees with feedback on productivity. We even saw CEO Satya Nadella demo the software on stage in London in 2015, with the CEO showing that they spend too much time on email and not enough with staff.
HR software has tended to focus on digital metrics, such as email usage or time spent in meetings. Now, newer vendors like Humanyze are looking to incorporate physical world data into the equation, such as where employees spend their time during the workday, who they talk to and stress levels.
Humanyze is an MIT spinout that supplies badges and software to organisations that want to understand how their employees interact with one another in the physical world. The badges look like a normal employee ID badge but are equipped with RFID and NFC sensors, bluetooth for proximity sensing, infrared to detect face to face interaction, an accelerometer and two microphones. The badges 'talk' to beacons set up around the office to detect proximity.
The microphones only monitor tone and volume, not content. CEO Ben Waber told our sister title Techworld that everything is processed in real time and nothing is recorded, because "from a privacy perspective it is the wrong thing to do," they said.
1 2 3 4 Next Page
National Youth Sports Week runs from the 16th to the 22nd of July. During this time, youth sports organizations and members of Congress will publicly encourage healthy lifestyles for kids through sports participation. As you can expect, there will be lots of games and competitions that week.
Some kids will win and some will lose.
Historically, Americans are not good losers. During my short “career” in sports, I've been treated to a variety of philosophies on winning and losing:
“Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.” (Vince Lombardi)
“Show me a gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.” (Knute Rockne)
… among others I'd rather not repeat.
Losing is important
Undoubtedly, these bromides will be ladled over America's youth throughout the Summer of '18 in an effort to teach (ironically) the good values that sports inspire.
What's weird to me though is how much we invest in kids to teach them how to win and what little we do to teach them how to lose. Losing is important and our kids need to learn that.
For starters, the statistical possibility of winning is stacked against you.
There is only one spot for First Place in a competition. Unless you believe in participation trophies (and I absolutely do not), lots of athletes are going to “lose” any given event.
Rather than separate the experience into absolute categories (another thing we're bad at), we should help young players develop as athletes.
I can tell you that many coaches would prefer to recruit players who exhibit “athleticism” over an impressive record of wins. Why? Because when Junior gets to that next level of competition, it's their or their physical condition that the coach will need to develop winning talent.
Focus your child on nutrition (not supplements), weight management (not body image), and long-term skill progression as investments into their or their potential as an athlete.
Losing has psychological implications, too.
Human brains have “reward” centers, and winning is certainly a big reward.
But losing civilizes us.
Losing teaches humility.
Losing dampens egos that destroy a team.
Losing forces us to “go back to the drawing board” and improve our problem-solving.
Kids preparing for track run race start.
Getty Images
Not what you get, but what you become
Consider Dick Fosbury who did that "went back to the drawing board" in the 1960s and revolutionized the high jump. The Fosbury Flop had to come from a loser — from somebody forced to find another way to compete successfully.
With no offense to the likes of Lombardi and Rockne, there is a better philosophy to instill in our sporting youth, and it comes oddly enough from English art critic, John Ruskin, who suggested that “the highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.”
I love that.
When you shuttle your young athlete to and from practice, when you cheer them on during competition, when you console them after a loss, think about who they are becoming from that toil.
If your kid is becoming a better person through teamwork or is developing what will be a life-long love of physical fitness, those are wins on any scoreboard.
Christopher George Berger, PhD, ACSM EP-C, CSCS, is an exercise physiologist with Arizona State University.
Like All the Moms?
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
READ MORE:
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Hrithik Roshan starrer Super 30 marks the Bollywood debut of Mrunal Thakur who is all set to play the leading lady in the film. The actor first rose to fame in Zee TV's popular show 'Kumkum Bhagya'.
Super 30 has Hrithik essaying the role of the Bihari math genius, Anand Kumar. The superstar and Mrunal have completed a schedule in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, and are currently shooting in Sambhar, Rajasthan.
While talking about their debut Mrunal shared, "It truly feels like a dream come true and the beginning of a special journey. I am extremely excited and grateful to be working with Hrithik, Vikas Bahl, Phantom, and Sajid Nadiadwala for my first Bollywood film."
Drawing a deep breath, they added, "Hrithik is such an inspiration. Just observing them on the set has taught me so much. The way they work is not just for himself, they are a team player and is so giving. I am absolutely loving each day of the shoot. I am so comfortable shooting with Hrithik.  They are humble and dedicated, and that makes me want to give my 200 percent."
Super 30 will showcase Hrithik in a never seen before avatar, playing a Bihari for the first time in their career.
The actor wrapped shooting for the first schedule of the film in Banaras and recently shot for a part of the film in Sambhar, Rajasthan.
Earlier while speaking about the film, director Vikas Bahl had said, " Super 30 is a story of the struggles of those genius kids who have one opportunity and how those 30 amongst thousands of others redefine success. The film will focus on the Super 30 program that Kumar started, which trains 30 IIT aspirants to crack its entrance test."
They had further added, " Truth, they say, is stranger than fiction. Anand sir's life story is the most beautiful and shocking example of it. Their mission to share their knowledge and educate children to get them and their families out of poverty is unprecedented. Fighting circumstances, lack of resources and the system that only wanted to pull them down, they are the true hero of today's India. I'm excited to take their story to the world."
Super 30 is scheduled to hit the theatrical screens on 25th January 2019.
A judge last week dismissed a lawsuit against East Allen County Schools that sought to block the district's $87.5 million building project.
Jimella Harris filed the complaint Nov. 30. They asked the court to order the building project to be placed on a ballot for the consent of voters. On Wednesday, Allen Superior Court Judge Craig Bobay dismissed the complaint, saying Harris failed to exhaust administrative remedies.
The East Allen board voted 5-2 on June 7 to place the $87.5 million building referendum on the Nov. 8 ballot. But the district was allowed to proceed with the building program without a November ballot challenge. No petitions were filed for a referendum, even though some objections had been raised during the June meeting. The deadline to turn in a petition with the required signatures was July 8.
EACS argued that under Indiana's Public Lawsuit Statute, administrative remedies are a condition to filing a public lawsuit, including but not limited to filing a remonstrance. Bobay ruled that Harris' complaint is a public lawsuit governed by the Indiana Public Lawsuit Statue and that Harris failed to exhaust administrative remedies.
EACS officials have said the renovations will occur across EACS' attendance areas and are expected to increase school safety and address some overcrowding issues the district is facing.
jchapman@jg.net
TORONTO — Independent electrical power services company Spark Power Corp. has acquired Bullfrog Power, a green energy provider.
Canaccord Genuity Acquisition Corp., which announced a proposed merger with Spark Power last month, announced the deal Wednesday. Financial terms of the agreement were not immediately available.
Spark Power co-CEO Andrew Clark says the combination of the companies gives Spark an integrated capability and depth of expertise to deliver affordable and sustainable power solutions.
The companies are expected continue to operate under their respective brands.
WILMINGTON, NC (WilmingtonSharks.com) — For the third night in a row, a Sharks pitcher lasted seven innings and for the second consecutive night did not allow a run. Wilmington (10-18) shut out Morehead City (20-7) in a 1-0 victory.
The Sharks scored the games only run in the top of the second inning. Paxton Wallaceled off the inning with a single to left field. With one out, Ayden Karraker walked. Then with two on and two out, Ben LaSpaluto knocked a single into right field to score Wallace.
- Advertisement -
From there, the Wilmington pitching staff was lights out.
In their second appearance of the summer, Landen Wright (1-0) went seven scoreless innings, only allowing four hits, while striking out four. To close things out, Logan Barker (1) shut the door for the final six outs. Breydan Gorham (0-1) took the loss allowing the game's only run.
The Sharks are now 3-0 in the second half and have had the starting pitcher last seven innings in each contest. Wilmington has won the three games by a combined four runs.
Related Article: Roadrunners bolster Sharks staff
The Sharks are off tomorrow for the 4th of July and hit the road to Fayetteville on Thursday. First pitch against the SwampDogs on Thursday is at 7:05. The Sharks Pregame Show begins at 6:50 and you can tune in of the Wilmington Sharks Radio Network here: mixlr.com/wilmington-sharks-radio-network.
VICTORIA — A former federal cabinet minister has been appointed the B.C. government's trade envoy to try and reach a new softwood lumber deal with the United States.
The province says David Emerson will also work with the federal government to get a new agreement.
Emerson served in a number of federal cabinet portfolios for the Liberals and Conservatives including industry, foreign affairs and trade.
As trade minister, Emerson signed the last softwood lumber agreement in 2006, ending the fourth Canada-U.S. lumber dispute.
They also worked as CEO of lumber producer Canfor, which the province says gives them a "broad base of knowledge to defend B.C.'s forest policies" when negotiating with the U.S.
Industry advocates and the provincial government have said they will try to convince American consumers and politicians that a fair softwood lumber deal is necessary to protect the U.S. from import restrictions and higher prices.
Susan Yurkovich, president of the B.C. Lumber Trade Council, has warned that restrictions on Canada's lumber supply would cause house prices in the U.S. to spike, pushing home ownership out of the reach of some Americans.
B.C. Premier Christy Clark said securing a new agreement matters to people across the province, particularly those who work in the forestry industry.
"Defending those jobs for British Columbians is our absolute priority," they said at a news conference on Tuesday after the government's throne speech.
Clark said Emerson will part of a team that is making sure B.C.'s case is "well-known and wisely argued" to the new U.S. administration.
"He is probably the most skillful and knowledgeable person in this area that we could send down to the States on our behalf," they said.
Emerson said in a statement that he's excited about their new post.
"I am looking forward to working collaboratively with the B.C. lumber industry and Canadian ambassador to the U.S.A., David MacNaughton, as we defend B.C. companies, workers and communities against the false subsidy allegations made by the U.S. lumber industry," they said.
The Canadian Press
Getty
Natasha Wagner – who also goes by the name Natasha Gregson Wagner – is one of the two daughters of Hollywood legend Natalie Wood.
Although they bear the name of Natalie's husband, Robert Wagner, Natasha is not their biological daughter.  They are the daughter of Richard Gregson, who was briefly married to Wood. Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood did have one daughter together, Courtney Wagner. Natasha was 11, and Courtney was 7 when Natalie drowned after a night on a yacht with Robert Wagner and the Hollywood actor, Christopher Walken.
Wood's mysterious death – which was initially ruled an accident – is gaining renewed scrutiny after an investigator dubbed the television star, Robert Wagner, a “person of interest.” CBS News is airing a program on Wood's death on February 3, called Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Natasha Wagner Grew Up Calling Both Robert Wagner & Richard Gregson ‘Daddy'
Natasha Wagner “was surrounded by Hollywood glamour from the onset as the daughter of film star Natalie Wood and British producer/writer/agent Richard Gregson, who was married to Wood from 1969-1972,” reports IMDB. Natasha Gregson, now Natasha Gregson Wagner, was born on September 29, 1970, in Los Angeles.
Natasha would alternate living with Robert Wagner and Richard Gregson while growing up, and they called both men dad. “I think my Dad and Daddy Gregson, they were trying to pick up the pieces for us and stumble forward and find out what our life looked like after that,” they told People Magazine. “I was so lucky I had two dads who were deeply committed to raising me and helping me through.”
According to Natasha, Robert Wagner had to be both mom and dad and their relationship with them grew stronger after their mother drowned. “I grew up always thinking I had two dads,” they said, according to People. “I'm certain because my mom died, my relationship with my stepdad is way deeper than it would have been had they lived, because they had to be my mom and dad.”
2. Natasha Created a Perfume Line in Them Mother's Name & Remembers How Natalie Smelled of Gardenias
Natasha spoke at length about their mother to The New York Times in 2016. They told the newspaper that the smell of gardenias reminds them of their mother most, so they plant a gardenia bush at all of their homes. At the time of the article, they were living in Venice, California.
“I knew when they were home because I would smell their perfume,” Natasha told The Times. They had created a new perfume called Natalie in honor of their mother; the scent was based on gardenias. The newspaper reported that Natasha had rarely spoken about their mother and their mother's death. They described their mother as “enigmatic and gorgeous.”
According to The Los Angeles Times, Natasha also created a lifestyle brand in memory of Natalie Wood. “I'm 46 [years old] now, and they died when they were 43,” said Gregson Wagner to the Los Angeles Times in a 2016 interview. “So I feel like I'm their mom now in the way that I am shepherding their legacy out into the world the way a parent would take care of a child. It's come full circle and has been incredibly healing.”
3. Natasha Insists That Them Mother's Death Was an Accident
When Natalie died, Natasha has said in an interview, “It was just the unthinkable. I just remember it was the worst thing ever. My whole world just went to black and white and I couldn't hear anything.”
To The New York Times, Natasha said they were at a sleepover when the news came over the radio that Natalie Wood had died. The Times reports that, despite the questions swirling around Robert Wagner, Natasha remains “fiercely protective” of them and insistent that Natalie died accidentally.
“It's so preposterous that I can't even relate to it,” they told the newspaper of the questions surrounding Robert Wagner, who is known to family and friends as “RJ.” In 2018, new questions were raised about Wood's death as the result of the CBS program, and one investigator labeled Robert Wagner a person of interest in Natalie's death.
“As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think he's more of a person of interest now,” Lt. John Corina said of Wagner on the 48 Hours program. “I mean, we know now that they were the last person to be with Natalie before they disappeared.”
4. Natasha Is Also An Actress Who Is Known for Them Edgy Roles
Natasha Wagner looks a lot like their mother Natalie with their dark eyes and hair. Like their mother, they are also an actor. According to IMDB, they have starred in such movies as Lost Highway, Quiet Days in Hollywood, Two Girls and a Guy, and Dogtown.  They are known for their edgy roles in independent films, according to IMDB.
The site reports that they were involved with D.V. DeVincentis, a screenwriter and co-producer of the movie High Fidelityy, which they filmed with the Hollywood actor John Cusack. One of their most recent films was Wonderland in 2003. However, The New York Times reported in 2016 that Natasha Wagner was married to a man named Barry Watson, with whom they have a young son named Clover.
5. Robert Wagner Has Three Daughters, Two of Whom Are Their Biological Offpring
Robert Wagner has three daughters: Katie, Natasha, and Courtney Wagner. Katie is Wagner's daughter with a woman they married in between their marriages to Natalie Wood. Natasha Gregson Wagner is Natalie Wood's daughter but not biologically Robert Wagner's, and Courtney is the only child of Robert Wagner and Wood.
Robert Wagner has been married to the actor and former Bond girl Jill St. John since 1990. Natasha has discussed how Natalie's death changed the family – and Robert Wagner.
“After they died, when I would look at them from a distance, from my bedroom window walking into the house, there was a heaviness and a sadness to them that hadn't been there before,” they said in 2016.
OLYMPIA, Wash. — Bernie Sanders won Washington's Democratic presidential caucuses Saturday after tens of thousands of people met at schools, libraries and community centers. Washington has 118 delegates at stake,...
Priyanka Chopra To Romance Salman Khan?
As per a DNA report, we might see to see Priyanka Chopra sharing screen space with Salman Khan in Bharat after a gap of 10 years. The two superstars had last starred together in the 2008 film 'God Tussi Great Ho'.
They Are In Talks With Ali Abbas Zafar
The daily quoted a source as saying, "Priyanka has also worked with Ali in Gunday (2014) and shares a good rapport with him. This film will see the three of them collaborate for the first time."
Will They Agree To Be A Part Of This Film?
The source further revealed that apparently Ali met PC in New York recently, where they were shooting for the next season of their international TV series Quantico and said, "The fact that their jodi is coming together after such a long time will surely be exciting news for their fans."
Why Is Priyanka So Secretive About Them Bollywood Projects?
Of late, there have been reports about Priyanka being approached for Aitraaz 2 and Kalpana Chawla biopic. However, we are yet to hear any official word from the leading lady herself.
Earlier when Priyanka was asked about announcing their next Bollywood film, they had said, "Yes, I am, as soon as I put pen to paper. I'm not someone who's into like 'yeh main kar rahi hoon. Yeh announcement karo.' I believe in starting the film and when there is...it's come to a place where you can talk about it, then people should see what I'm talking about because otherwise, there are so many speculations."
Are You Listening To What PeeCee Had To Say?
"I believe I've signed some 20 films, so far. I mean, I'm in conversation with every film that's being made at the moment. And, I am in conversation with a few people. But, that doesn't make a film and that definitely does not make news. Trolling and speculative movie announcements are two things that really need to get out of entertainment news. Then there will be so much more to talk about. When did trolling become news? How can someone's opinion on Twitter become front page headlines? That's another one...that's a pet peeve of mine."
Coming Back To Bharat
Ali had previous spilled the beans about the film and said, "Since the story spans over a period of 70 years, there will be many historical references. It is essentially about a man who lives through several significant moments from India's past to present. We are currently working on the film's pre-production and details will be announced once we are in a position to talk about them."
0:58 Risch objects to King letter Pause
0:59 Climate change doubles wildfires
2:51 On the road with the Boise State basketball team
1:43 Scenes from Table Rock fire
1:32 Idaho People for Unity delivers hundreds of postcards to Sen. Mike Crapo
1:54 Behind the scenes at the Velma Morrison auction in 2014
1:48 Treasure Magazine : Valentine's Day with City Peanut Shop
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
CLEVELAND — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
Graduating architecture students celebrated the culmination of their studies during the 15th annual Chumash Show May 26-27, in Chumash Auditorium. Each of the 148 architecture seniors displayed their thesis project at the exhibition, which is the largest architectural exhibition between San Francisco and Los Angeles.
The show is put on by the Fifth Year Committee, which is composed of student volunteers from the fifth year class. The committee, in addition to setting up a mentorship program and other smaller shows throughout the year, is responsible for coordinating catering, advertising, space reservation and donations for the Chumash Show.
Amy Rutty, architecture senior and committee member, stated they felt the atmosphere in the auditorium reflected the show's goals.
“The goal at Chumash is being able to showcase and admire,” Rutty said. “Celebrate each other and not just our own work — have a little bit of a party and kinda pull our heads up off our own desks.”
During the first four years of their studies, architecture students have a new studio class and professor every quarter, and within each studio are assigned a quarter-long project with set parameters. In contrast, fifth year architecture students remain in the same studio for the entire year and choose their own project parameters for a year-long thesis project. This freedom led to great diversity in thesis projects at the show.
Embracing the lack of parameters, architecture senior Rodrigo Robles-Gonzalez opted to create machines instead of a building. Their machines, which were designed to be useful after an apocalypse, caused a visitor passing by to briefly note that Robles-Gonzalez should go into the movie industry.
“There's really an interplay between you as a student doing your own thing and being completely independent through your thesis, as well as being in a studio and taking in ideas from other people,” Robles-Gonzalez said. “It's honestly amazing to see the individuality between people and projects. For me I love post-apocalyptic narratives and I really got to explore that, where other people wanted to make an impact or focus on playful architecture.”
Intrigued by the combination of rigid and flexible elements within architecture, architecture senior Rachel Ferry chose a nontraditional project. Ferry decided to create a kinetic model of housing which could be used during the building of the space elevator.
“I started out with the idea of combatting obsolescence in architecture and how frequently we replace buildings. You can install certain devices that can prolong the life of a building or make it more responsive to people's needs over time,” Ferry said. “I've enjoyed [making this] because I like to make many iterations of things and not knowing where I'm going, and then figuring it out on the way.”
A 2016 alumnus of the Cal Poly architecture program Shaler Campbell said this year's Chumash Show had particularly unique projects.
“You talk with other professors and sometimes you see clusters of similar project types,” Campbell said. “This year's unique in the sense that everything looks wildly different, which is very refreshing to see that students are diverging from what might be perceived as the standard Cal Poly project.”
College of Architecture and Environmental Design Dean Christine Theodoropoulos believes Chumash Show attendees get a peek into the mindsets of fifth year students.
“What I love about the show is when I walk through, I can see what is on the minds of and what the mindset is of the graduating class,” Theodoropoulos said. “Every class is a little different and every class has certain threads of shared interest that permeate their discussion and you can walk through in an hour and get a snapshot of the class.”
Greg Wynn, an architecture professor at Cal Poly for the past 18 years and fifth year professor for the past two, said they were proud of all the graduating students.
“It's a joy to see their growth over the year,” Wynn said. “The exciting part is helping them transition from being a student to an architect.”
Reception in Broadcasting House was a hive of activity all day as almost 300 pupils came through the doors
Jhanvi Kapoor & Ishaan Khattar On India's Best Dramebaaz
On India's Best Dramebaaz, Jhanvi looked pretty in light pink-white colour top and skirt, while their Dhadak co-star, Ishaan also complimented them in a (dark) pink shirt and black pant.
Vivek Shares A Picture
Sharing a picture, Vivek Oberoi wrote, "Beautiful chemistry with that adorable innocence! You guys look great together! @ishaan95 you're spontaneity is awesome....instantly lovable! Killer abs pretty impressive too! Lol! @janhvikapoor you're absolutely lovely...with that million dollar smile! God bless you both with great success for #Dhadak! #indiasbestdramebaaz #dramebaazdiaries @zeetv @omungkumar @iamhumaq." - (sic)
Huma Qureshi
Huma Qureshi too, shared the same picture and wrote, "Look who dropped in on our set today ... The #Dhadak Duo @janhvikapoor @ishaan95 ❤❤❤ #IBD Season 3 just got cuter !!! @omungkumar @vivekoberoi." - (sic)
Omung Kumar With Jhanvi Kapoor
Omung Kumar shared a picture snapped with Jhanvi and wrote, "All the best @janhvikapoor on your debut film #dhadak we know you will shine in the film:) had a great time with you on our show #indiasbestdramebaaz @zeetv." - (sic)
Vivek Shares An Adorable Picture Of Jhanvi
Vivek also shared an adorable picture of Jhanvi holding a puppy, and wrote, "True love! Hahaha! @janhvikapoor it was such a treat to have you on our show, from that little kid when I first saw you to now....what a wonderful young lady you've become! God bless you with great success! All the best for #dhadak! Hope that puppy makes u smile always! #indiasbestdramebaaz." - (sic)
Video
The daughter of Sakineh Afrasiabi, who lived on the 18th floor of Grenfell Tower, has criticised Kensington and Chelsea Council's decision to house them so high in the tower block.
Nazanin Aghlani told the inquiry some 15 years ago the council ruled they should not be housed in a property above a fourth floor due to their deteriorating health.
But they suggested Ms Afrasiabi had moved to the North Kensington high rise out of "desperation and pressure" from RBKC.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Rising DMV Star Jaqii returned to the #KYSBlockParty stage in SE DC. How did they fare this time? Jaqii speaks to KYS on their latest performance.
More #KYSBlockParty
A bicyclist who was badly hurt in the deadly collapse of a pedestrian bridge at Florida International University filed the first civil lawsuit Monday in the tragedy, according to a report.
Marquise Rashaad Hepburn, 24, was “seriously injured” as they rode their bike under the doomed bridge, according to a lawsuit filed Monday in state Circuit Court in Miami, according to the Miami Herald.
As the 174-foot span came crashing down, a vehicle swerved into Hepburn and sent them airborne before they landed under the southern end of the bridge, according to the suit.
Hepburn, a Miami-Dade County resident, was hospitalized with undisclosed injuries. Six people were killed in the accident, which also left nine other people hurt on Thursday.
They hired the Orlando-based law firm Morgan & Morgan to sue several entities “who undertook and allowed inherently dangerous construction activities to proceed without necessary safety precautions.”
Among those listed in the suit are the design-bridge team FIGG Bridge Engineers and Munilla Construction Management; Bolton Perez & Associates, the consulting engineer; Louis Berger, which conducted an independent peer review of the work; and Network Engineering Services.
The complaint, which seeks damages in excess of $15,000, alleges that FIGG, MCM and BPA failed to adequately recognize the “imminent danger” posed by cracks spotted on the span.
It also alleges that traffic should have been diverted from under the $14.2 million bridge as workers performed stress testing — or post-tensioning — on the span's north end.
The suit was filed as students returned to class from spring break with a moment of silence for the victims planned for 1:47 p.m. – the same time the bridge fell last week.
“Our hearts break for the victims of the bridge collapse. Lives have been lost. Futures and families shattered,” FIU President Mark Rosenberg said in a statement over the weekend.
The bridge was installed March 10, just five days before the collapse. The cracks, which were detected two days before the incident, were discussed during an engineering meeting on the day of the accident.
Denny Pate, an engineer for FIGG, reported the cracks to the state's Department of Transportation. They said in a voicemail to the DOT that the cracks — described as “not good” — would require repairs.
At the meeting attended by representatives for FIU and the DOT, Pate said the cracking did not compromise the bridge's structural integrity.
Reps from FIGG, MCM and BPA did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment Monday. The companies have said they would cooperate fully in the investigation. The other entities could not be reached.
Hepburn attorney Matt Morgan told the paper that any kind of bridge construction, but particularly those built using Accelerated Bridge Construction methods, requires “close coordination” to ensure public safety.
“We are of the opinion that this tragedy was foreseeable and could have been prevented,” they said.
American policing today is in a state of slow-motion collapse, struggling mightily to attract new officers — no matter how low standards are dropped.
Under sustained assault by the City Council, pundits and self-styled civil-liberties advocates, a new generation of New York City cops is being conditioned to avoid showdowns with civilians, especially where coercion or force is called for. We could have saved the costly investment in body cameras by explicitly telling the cops two words: “Do nothing.”
Officers who do more engagement than what is absolutely required have been threatened by HQ that they'll find themselves on a list of “troublemakers.” Thousands have, or will soon, head for the exits, telling all within earshot to avoid police work as a career.
In many parts of the country, the police have gone to ground.
Racked by gun violence and pervasive fear, Detroit managed to get through 2016 without police shooting anyone — even as murders continued to rise. Police paralysis is great news for the elite critics of the cops but terrible news for the people dragooned in that town — it likely signals that the police are taking the long and winding road around trouble of all kinds.
In Chicago, the street cops' ethos is “go fetal, stay fetal.” In Philadelphia, as murders soar, cops are the ones in prosecutors' crosshairs. It is crystal clear what was long suspected: Costly Justice Department intervention in local police departments expedited the end of hands-on policing.
Uncounted millions are being spent on “community policing” — where officers socialize with a relatively tiny cohort of community residents, some seeking improper benefits from the relationship — when a lot of that money could be better used on enhanced overnight and outer-borough patrols, reducing response times and better training officers to diagnose and handle the 5 million calls that pour in to the NYPD each year.
After all, most serious crimes in New York go unsolved, as they do throughout the nation. We must resist the trap of presentism — conditions at present are acceptable and will be thus so in the future.
Rearranging policing so that it revolves around fault-finding is going to have grave consequences in communities where the police are needed most. But all over the country, policing is now about avoiding all but the most essential, life-and-death interactions.
Two recent videos of public officials being pulled over, one in New Jersey and the other in Baltimore, were seen as triumphs for the officers who remained calm and professional in the midst of a shower of abuse and name-dropping.
The truth, however, is that the proliferation of video recording of cops' every interaction only will increase officers' timidity. That will look like self-restraint in some cases, but overall it'll put law enforcement on the defensive and dull cops' instincts.
String together a series of adversarial videos, and almost every officer can find them or themselves fast-tracked to trouble.
The new-era calculation for the police is: Conflict is the quickest path to extinction.
Some of this was wholly predictable when people who harbor disdain for the police and resent law enforcement are allowed to pose as reformers.
Without a debate of any kind, they have been able to tear down the institution of American policing across the country. Scratch the surface in trendy, uber-safe New York neighborhoods and you will hear public safety and disorder concerns from more than a few. Aggressive panhandling, unreported petty and retail thefts, noise and disorder complaints and a feeling of insecurity on mass transit accompany complaints by those in public housing and poorer communities that violence is never too far away.
There's no denying that aggressive policing has led to abuse. But often overlooked in the debate was that it was an accomplishment to have police departments where cops patrolled with windows rolled down, engaged those who imperiled community safety and serenity, and where those bent on harming others were forced to look over their shoulders. This era of policing, cops grappling with festering issues, replaced the 1970s and 1980s police paralysis that saw millions leave cities behind as officials themselves acknowledged they were unable to protect their citizenry.
The result of all this is that policing is hurtling to a whole new, uncharted and largely unchosen place. One thing we know from the past is that whether dealing with terrorism or day-to-day issues of crime and disorder, blindly depending on hope can have dangerous, even devastating consequences.
Eugene O'Donnell, a former NYPD cop, is a professor of law and police studies at John Jay College of Criminal Justice.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
2016 was quite a year for Kansas City sports. FOX 4's Jason Lamb counts down the greatest Kansas City sports moments of the year Casey Kasem-style with "KC's Top 40."
Relive the most exciting moments from the Chiefs, Royals, Sporting KC, Tigers, Jayhawks, Wildcats, Mavericks, and more! Just get the tissues ready for an emotional long distance dedication.
Until next year, keep your feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars.
The former crew member reported verbal and physical abuse to their manager and was later fired, a lawsuit alleges.
A transgender McDonald's crew member experienced multiple cases of sexual harassment and discrimination on the job, including being barred by managers from using the women's and men's restrooms and relegated to a rear bathroom that was used as a storage closet, according to a civil rights lawsuit filed against the restaurant owner and the parent company. La'Ray Reed worked at a McDonald's in Redford, Michigan, for six months in 2015, during which time coworkers called them a "boy slash girl" and other sexual insults, and one groped her, the lawsuit alleges. They reported the mistreatment to the franchise owner and was later fired, they allege. Activists with the Fight for $15 worker movement, which has run a multiyear campaign to pressure McDonald's to improve pay and conditions at its restaurants, are supporting Reed's complaint. They say the suit, together with complaints filed by current and former employees around the country in recent months, demonstrate a "widespread pattern of sexual harassment, discrimination and abuse" against gay and transgender employees at the fast-food giant. "The growing number of allegations suggests a failure by McDonald's to enforce the zero-tolerance policy against sexual harassment outlined in its Operations and Training and Policies for Franchisees manuals," Fight for $15 representatives wrote in an email to BuzzFeed News. Reed has participated in marches organized by the labor group, which is backed by the Service Employees International Union and which helped arrange their legal counsel, provided in part by the Detroit-based Sugar Law Center for Economic and Social Justice. McDonald's and the franchise owner did not respond to requests for comment. The fast-food corporation has long argued it is not legally responsible for pay and working conditions at its franchised locations — a claim the Fight for $15 activists have been contesting via multiple legal and regulatory appeals. McDonald's insists it does not control the day-to-day working conditions of the line cooks, cashiers, and drive-through workers who wear its uniform, and that only the franchise operator can be held liable for misconduct. During the Obama presidency, the Department of Labor issued guidance that suggested companies like McDonald's should be considered the joint employers of the workers in their franchised restaurants, in a move that was cheered by labor activists and denounced by industry groups. Last week, the Trump administration formally withdrew that guidance.
In the lawsuit, Reed alleges a coworker groped their genitals at the urging of a store manager who wanted to know whether they had a penis. “You can't feel it from the front. You have to feel it from the back,” the manager allegedly said over the headset system used by all employees.
Another time, a manager allegedly told a crew member to follow Reed into the ladies' room to see if they were standing up or sitting down to use the toilet. “I had never had a problem using the ladies room until this day,” Reed wrote in an email to BuzzFeed News. “When I came out the restroom, the manager told me I could no longer use either of the restrooms in the lobby.” Instead, the manager allegedly had Reed go to the back of the store and clean the out-of-use bathroom, which was being used as a storage closet. That became Reed's bathroom, they say, which they were also made responsible for cleaning.
Beyond the treatment from their supervisor, Reed's coworkers would make remarks about their gender and genitals, they allege in the suit, asking, “How big is it?” and saying, “I would still have sex with you either way,” while reaching for their body. Reed allegedly reported the behavior to management, who took no action. Over time, they tried dressing more like a man, “thinking that it would make my job more comfortable,” they said. When Reed collected their final paycheck, a store manager allegedly said, “You think I don't know what you are because of how you dress and look?”
In recent months, other McDonald's workers have reported instances of harassment and discrimination on the basis of their sexual orientation in complaints to federal workplace regulators in Kansas City, Miami, and Milwaukee.
After being hurt at work, McDonald's worker Andrew McConnell alleges a manager refused to help them find a first aid kit, while saying, “You are gay and you might have HIV.” Employee Westley Williams, who works at a corporate-owned store, alleges their manager called them “cover girl” and said they “could never have a girlfriend because you like penis.” Worker Jasmine Bell alleged in an EEOC complaint filed last year that managers asked invasive questions about their sexuality after they learned they had a girlfriend, with one saying they “just hadn't had the right dick yet." Activists point to the complaints as evidence that McDonald's attempts to brand itself as an LGBT ally are empty rhetoric. During this past weekend's gay pride celebrations, McDonald's posted signs that read "Lovin' is Lovin'" and served fries in rainbow-colored boxes at stores in Washington, DC. Cathy Martin, vice president of McDonald's for the region, called the themed items “a fun way to show our support of the LGBTQ community.” Detroit-based LGBT rights advocate Heather Aymer said the promotion "smacks of hypocrisy" and that the company is "pretending to support the LGBT community by putting up flags, but not taking action against the unsafe culture it has created in the workplace for LGBT workers."
Filed in Wayne County Circuit Court, Reed's lawsuit jointly names the McDonald's Corporation and the franchise operator of Reed's store as defendants, as part of a legal strategy that aims to hold the parent company responsible for the allegedly hostile workplace at its franchise locations. The Fight for $15 also provided legal support to the other workers who filed complaints. Since 2015, the National Labor Relations Board has been trying a case against McDonald's in this vein that includes allegations it violated federal labor law by retaliating against workers who went on strike in 2012.
While Reed's suit stems in part from labor activism, it overlaps with a world of legal advocacy around transgender rights and could have significant implications for expanding the rights of gender-nonconforming people in the workplace.
According to Reed's counsel, Michigan courts have looked to Title VII, the federal anti-discrimination law, when interpreting Michigan civil rights law. A number of high courts, including the 6th Circuit that covers Michigan, have now interpreted Title VII to protect transgender employees from discrimination based on their gender nonconformity. Reed's counsel points to rulings on sex discrimination that have found that "sex" encompasses "gender," arguing that discrimination on account of Reed's gender identity equals sex discrimination. While this question has not been squarely decided by Michigan courts, according to the Sugar Law Center, it has previously been interpreted in the context of Title VII.
Anthony Paris, one of the attorneys at the Sugar Law Center representing Reed, said that tying the McDonald's corporation to actions taken in its franchised restaurants is crucial to the case, and that Reed isn't interested in settlement money. Instead, they are “wide open to non-monetary changes in policy,” they said. As America becomes a nation of services, with employment increasingly concentrated in fast food, retail, and home-care work, more labor groups have taken aim at the franchised nature of these businesses, which insulates corporate parents from liability for labor conditions on the ground. The workers in these sectors are also disproportionately women and people of color, with jobs unevenly covered by labor law that hasn't caught up to the times.
"If we can't get the policies that are trickling down from corporate to change, all we'll see are tiny battles at the lowest rungs of the economy that won't do anything to put a dent in these practices,” said Paris. "What we see with the franchisees is that if you don't connect it to corporate, you're just cutting one head off the more important beast."
Cora Lewis is a business reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Lewis reports on labor. Contact Cora Lewis at cora.lewis@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The mood was light aboard the Open Arms on Tuesday as it sailed towards Spain carrying 60 migrants rescued off the coast of Libya on June 30.
The Spanish aid ship was expected to arrive on Wednesday morning in Barcelona where the NGO is based.
After being rejected by Italy and Malta, Spain stepped up and offered a safe harbour and a 45-day permit to the migrants, during which they will have the opportunity to apply for asylum in Spain or elsewhere.
On the deck, some rested while others learned Spanish, writing basic vocabulary down in a crumpled notebook.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Macquarie to complete £1.5bn sale of stake in Thames Water
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
ELLSWORTH — Sun-blinded and sleeping motorists had car crashes during the past week, according to the Hancock County Sheriff's Office.
A car went off the road and down an embankment after the sun temporarily blinded a motorist on Airport Road in Stonington Sept. 29, Deputy Brian Archer said.
Linda Eaton, 74, of Stonington was driving a 2017 Toyota Avalon, which sustained damage to its front and undercarriage, police said. The car had to be towed from the scene but Eaton was not injured, Archer said.
A car was damaged after it went off the road and struck several small trees after a motorist fell asleep on the Bald Mountain Road in Dedham Sunday, Deputy Jeff McFarland said.
Debbie Johnston, 57, of Dedham was operating a 2008 Toyota Yaris, which sustained front end damage and had to be towed, McFarland said.
A car sustained minor damage after a bear stepped into its travel lane on Caterpillar Hill Road in Sedgwick Sept. 26, Deputy Travis Frost said.
Rex Garrett of Holden was operating a 2010 Honda Accord, Frost said.
“The bear hit the front bumper and took off into the woods,” Frost said. Garrett continued to their destination.
Unattended deaths
Archer checked on an unattended death at a Stonington residence Sunday. A man, 77, had died as a result of injuries sustained during an accidental fall on the beach, the deputy said.
A Sullivan woman, 52, passed away due to health issues Sept. 28, Archer said.
Drug offense
Police charged Joseph Dupuis, 26, of Windham with unlawful drug possession (cocaine) Sept. 26 in Tremont.
Citizen assists
Deputies helped several residents navigate issues last week ranging from neighbor disputes to Facebook harassment to concerns about a federal probationer boyfriend.
Two Gouldsboro residents reported a property line dispute and harassment problem Saturday. Deputy Luke Gross explained the harassment law and advised both parties to seek legal advice for the property issue.
A Hancock County man called police Saturday about concerns for the well-being of their children as well as their mother. The woman has been romantically involved with a man who is on federal probation. Lt. Tim Cote gave the woman options and contacted the man's probation officer.
A Sorrento woman complained Sunday about a stranger copying pictures from their Facebook account and posting the photos on the stranger's social media account.
“Where no crime was committed, the caller was referred to Facebook's complaint department,” Gross said.
A Surry woman reported ongoing harassment on Facebook Sept. 27. The woman advised Deputy Dan Harlan that they had not actually had contact with the harassing party.
“We determined that the best course of action is to block the offending party,” Harlan said.
Deputy Luke Gross met with an Eastbrook parent and daughter, 15, who had run away Sunday but returned. Gross said they explained “applicable laws.”
What authorities thought might be a suicidal woman on the Penobscot Narrows Bridge Sept. 26 turned out to be a woman walking due to car problems, Harlan reported.
Burglary
Detective Franklin Jennings is investigating a possible burglary at a Trenton residence that was reported Sept. 27.
Agency assist
Child Protective Services asked Archer to check on a Stonington girl, 11, on Saturday.
“I was able to locate the female and determined that they were not in any danger,” Archer said.
Summonses
Jennings summoned Heather Mitchell-Relyea, 48, of Hampden on charges of operating after suspension and violating conditions of their release Sept. 28 on Route 9 in Aurora.
Shahrukh Khan interacting with wife Gauri Khan on Twitter is not something that happens everyday. Today is one such exceptional day and we saw SRK's cute yet funny reply on Gauri's tweet.
Wanna know what happened? Read on peeps as you're gonna love it!
Gauri's Tweet It all started when Gauri Khan shared their Instagram post on their Twitter account and captioned the picture as saying, "Blue jeans and a t - shirt ... my look for 2017." SRK's Reply Shahrukh, who is well-known for their wit, posted a collage of AbRam and them and wrote, "Thx for the tip ma'm we are all set for 2017 too then. @gaurikhan." Cute na? Recently, SRK & Gauri Were Spotted On A Dinner Date A couple of days ago, Shahrukh & Gauri were caught with their friends on a dinner date. SRK & Gauri's Colour Co-ordinated Outfits What caught everyone's attention was the colour co-ordinated outfits of Shahrukh & Gauri Khan and needless to say, they looked helluva stylish in their casual avatars. The Restaurant Is Designed By Gauri Khan Reportedly, the restaurant was designed by none other than Gauri Khan. Isn't it sweet to see SRK, being so supportive of Gauri's work? A Glimpse Of Gauri's Work About an hour ago, Gauri Khan shared a glimpse of their work on Twitter and wrote, "Designed to impress... ARTH ..the latest Dining destination in bandra #gaurikhandesigns.." Gauri's PDA For SRK Coming back to Gauri & Shahrukh, recently, Gauri had shared their throwback picture with the man of their life and boy, you can see, how hot they look in this picture!
On the work front, Shahrukh Khan is gearing up for their forthcoming film, Jab Harry Met Sejal and like a sweet wife, Gauri Khan was also seen promoting film's first look posters.
The film is all set to release on August 4, 2017.
Asian parents can be notoriously demanding academically, but few more so than Eric Yang's. Dropping out of a doctorate program at the University of California at Los Angeles was never an option, even when their startup side hustle was raking in money.
“My father just said: ‘Why don't you get your Ph.D. first, then you can do whatever you want,”' said Yang, 49, who comes from a family of doctors.
In the end, both endeavors served them well. Two decades and a little-used doctorate in chemistry later, Yang now runs one of China's biggest online-education startups, iTutorGroup. Learning English via the web is big business in China. It's on track to be a 52 billion yuan ($8.2 billion) industry by 2019, thanks to booming interest by Chinese seeking to learn the language for work and travel abroad, according to iResearch.
Inside iTutorGroup office in Shanghai. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg
ITutorGroup is raising as much as $300 million at a valuation of about $2 billion, which would make it the world's biggest education technology startup, according to CB Insights. Yang is aiming for a public listing next year, most likely in Hong Kong or the U.S.
“The fact that iTutorGroup has gotten to the point where they've actually got their business model turned positive has made us more interested in engaging with them,” said Andrew Downe, head of Macquarie Bank's commodities & global markets group, an investor in the startup.
Investors are taking notice of the potential in Chinese education. New Oriental Education & Technology Group, a pioneer in the field, has seen its shares more than triple in the past three years, pushing its market value to about $14 billion.
After leaving academia, Yang initially opened a brick-and-mortar language consultancy with their brother. It moved online when the SARS virus hit Asia, as students sought to avoid classrooms for fear of contagion. Now, Yang's company runs a host of brands. TutorABC, vipabc, vipJr and tutorJr form the core of the business, teaching English to students in China, Taiwan and Japan. TutorMing teaches Mandarin and LiveH2H sells the company's custom-built video conferencing software as a variety of services.
ITutorGroup had more than $350 million in cash receipts last year, including sales for multiyear contracts, people with knowledge of the matter said, asking not to be identified because the number isn't public. Yang declined to confirm the figure, but said the startup is cash-flow positive with gross margins of 82 percent.
ITutorGroup's key challenges are keeping the quality of lessons high, doing it cheaply enough to turn a profit and fending off rivals seeking to snatch up teachers and students. Traditional schools and online rivals such as 51Talk, Dada ABC and VIPKid are all on hiring sprees.
Yang seeks talent from a wide pool. Where some services demand university graduates from North America, iTutorGroup accepts people with good English, a bachelor's degree and a TEFL or TESOL certificate — subject to interviews and a trial lesson. In total, iTutorGroup employs more than 20,000 teachers in about 80 countries working with 200,000-plus students.
“I'm getting about 15 pounds ($21) per 45 minutes, which is easily what I get managing a cafe,” said Claire Giner from Cornwall, U.K. A former high school teacher turned beachside cafe manager, they supplement their low-season income with extra lessons.
Inside the iTutorGroup office in Shanghai. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg
When it comes to attracting and retaining students, iTutorGroup has other ways to keep its edge. Every subscriber has 128 tags, ranging from their hobbies to the way they pay their bills. Learners in their early 20s from poorer cities with pricey packages are more likely to refund within 30 days, so they're lavished with extra attention in the beginning. If a student complains twice, their “karma” score rises and the next lesson becomes a private session. And those who attend more than 16 lessons per month have a 90 percent renewal rate, so laggards are gently nagged to attend sessions until they hit that bar. Most people sign up for lengthy contracts; a 12-month package typically costs 16,000 yuan.
“The company is pretty much run by algorithms,” Yang said, predicting the sector would reach “hyper-growth” in three years as more tech-savvy parents enter the school system. “This was never about just moving classes online, we need to redesign education using technology and that's what we've been doing for the past 20 years.”
— With assistance by David Ramli
UPDATE 4:04 p.m.: Mitchell International has reopened after the emergency landing, according to airport official Harold Mester.
The airport also tweeted advising travelers to check their flight times.
Airfield has reopened. Check with your airline for the latest flight status. — MKE - Milwaukee Airport (@MitchellAirport) May 30, 2018
------
ORIGINAL STORY:
MILWAUKEE -- A military plane has arrived safely at General Mitchell International Airport after it experienced what is believed to be a lightning strike, according to the 128th Air Refueling Wing.
Tower cam footage showed several emergency vehicles assisting the KC-135 plane on the runway. Two tires were blown out upon landing.
Because the airplane is currently disabled on the runway, the airport will be closed to all incoming and departing flights for at least an hour, the 128th says. The other primary runway was already closed due to ongoing construction.
There's no word yet on why caused the emergency, or if anyone on board was hurt.
3:55 Barack and Michelle Obama's final Christmas address from the White House Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
staff report UINTAH COUNTY, UT — A former Raton, NM man was sentenced August 15, 2017 to 15 years to life in prison in Uintah County, Utah on two counts of aggravated sexual abuse of a child, a first degree felony, according to the Uintah Basin Standard/ Vernal Express newspaper. Timothy Jason Bustos, 61, will serve no
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: 3i considers giving Agent Provocateur the slip
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Make plans now for Tee Grizzley's “Activated” Album Release Party Saturday, June 2nd 10pm-3am at Bliss Nightclub – part of Bliss Saturdays! Reservations and bottles at BlissDC.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Review: the joys of smartphone wireless chargers
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Private Enterprise Foundation (PEF), Nana Osei Bonsu, has stated the need for the training of people in technical competencies instead of relying on trained entrepreneurs.
“The mistake we do is that we want trained entrepreneurs instead of teaching competencies,” they said.
Nana Bonsu, who was one of the four speakers at the first edition of the Graphic Business/Stanbic Bank Business Breakfast Meeting series for this year, noted that although the private sector in Ghana was responsible for the creation of 93 per cent of the businesses in the country, while the public sector constituted about 6.2 per cent, it was faced with a myriad of challenges.
“Nobody goes into business to create jobs. We go into business to make money, and by making money the business grows and when it grows, we need additional hands and we create jobs.
“The private sector is mainly micro, mini and small enterprises. We lack capacities, we lack skills sets, and we lack the technical know-how to be able to grow a business, so as a consequence we don't do much. But we are the engine that creates the jobs,” they said.
Unemployment
Against that backdrop they indicated that each year 71,000 graduates passed out of the universities looking for jobs and that in the next five years a total of about 400,000 jobs will be needed.
Nana Bonsu said the private sector required a favourable environment to grow which was very critical for the government to provide to ensure that the private sector thrived through the creation of the right policy framework.
Challenges
The PEF CEO listed some of the daunting challenges of the private sector as high inflation and exchange rate gyrations, the frequent changes in tax policy, the multiplicity of nuisance taxes and levies on private businesses.
Others are the absence of adequate irrigation and storage infrastructure which resulted in between 33 per cent and 35 per cent post-harvest losses in agriculture.
Nana Bonsu said there was no viable warehouse receipt system to address post-harvest losses but that was needed as a tool to aggregate supplies, create additional markets for commodities produced and for protection against price volatility and as leverage for financing.
They also stated that the challenges in the energy sector also affected job stability, citing that 13,000 jobs were lost due to the energy situation last year, according to figures from the Ghana Employers Association.
Recommendations
Nana Bonsu called for the promotion of a green economy in agriculture to deal with the energy challenges which was currently composed of 56.2 per cent for thermal energy, 43.2 per cent for hydroelectricity and only 0.6 per cent for renewable energy.
They said there was also the need for a dialogue on sustainable development to ensure sound and stable macroeconomic policies and good management of the economy.
They also called for good political and economic governance, as poor governance, corruption and inefficient institutions can discourage entrepreneurship and hold back private sector growth.
Nana Bonsu asked the government to avoid the frequent changing of policies and regulations without adequate consultations with the private sector.
Writer's email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
After 26 years, the world's longest-running experiment to discover how warming temperatures affect forest soils has revealed a surprising, cyclical response: Soil warming stimulates periods of abundant carbon release from the soil to the atmosphere, alternating with periods of no detectable loss in soil carbon stores.
Overall, the results indicate that in a warming world, a self-reinforcing and perhaps uncontrollable carbon feedback will occur between forest soils and the climate system, adding to the buildup of atmospheric carbon dioxide caused by burning fossil fuels and accelerating global warming. The study, led by Jerry Melillo, distinguished scientist at the Marine Biological Laboratory, appears in the Oct. 6 issue of Science.
Melillo and colleagues began this pioneering experiment in 1991 in a deciduous forest stand at the Harvard Forest in Massachusetts. They buried electrical cables in a set of plots and heated the soil five degrees Celsius above the ambient temperature of control plots. Over the course of the 26-year experiment, which is still ongoing, the warmed plots lost 17 percent of the carbon that had been stored in organic matter in the top 60 centimeters of soil.
“To put this in context,” Melillo said, “each year, mostly from fossil fuel burning, we are releasing about 10 billion metric tons of carbon into the atmosphere. That's what's causing the increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration and global warming. The world's soils contain about 3,500 billion metric tons of carbon. If a significant amount of that soil carbon is added to the atmosphere, due to microbial activity in warmer soils, that will accelerate the global warming process. And once this self-reinforcing feedback begins, there is no easy way to turn it off. There is no switch to flip.”
A cyclical response
Over the course of the experiment, Melillo's team observed fluctuations in the rate of soil carbon emission from the heated plots, indicating cycles in the capacity of soil microbes to degrade organic matter and release carbon. Phase I, from 1991 to 2000, was a period of substantial soil carbon loss that was rapid at first, then slowed to near zero. In Phase II, from 2001 to 2007, there was no difference in carbon emissions between the warmed and the control plots. During that time, the soil microbial community in the warmed plots was undergoing reorganization that led to changes in the community's structure and function.
In Phase III, from 2008 to 2013, carbon release from heated plots again exceeded that from control plots. This coincided with a continued shift in the soil microbial community. Microbes that can degrade more recalcitrant soil organic matter, such as lignin, became more dominant, as shown by genomic and extracellular enzyme analyses. In Phase IV, from 2014 to current, carbon emissions from the heated plots have again dropped, suggesting that another reorganization of the soil microbial community could be underway. If the cyclical pattern continues, Phase IV will eventually transition to another phase of higher carbon loss from the heated plots.
“This work emphasizes the value of long-term ecological studies that are the hallmark of research at the MBL's Ecosystems Center,” said David Mark Welch, MBL's director of research. “These large field studies, combined with modeling and an increasingly sophisticated understanding of the role of microbial communities in ecosystem dynamics, provide new insight to the challenges posed by climate change.”
“The future is a warmer future. How much warmer is the issue,” Melillo said. “In terms of carbon emissions from fossil fuels, we could control that. We could shut down coal-fired power plants, for example. But if the microbes in all landscapes respond to warming in the same way as we've observed in mid-latitude forest soils, this self-reinforcing feedback phenomenon will go on for a while and we are not going to be able to turn those microbes off. Of special concern is the big pool of easily decomposed carbon that is frozen in Arctic soils. As those soils thaw out, this feedback phenomenon would be an important component of the climate system, with climate change feeding itself in a warming world.”
Citation: Melillo, J.M. et al (2017) Long-Term Pattern and Magnitude of Soil Carbon Feedback to the Climate System in a Warming World. Science Oct. 6, 2017. DOI: 10.1126/science.aan2874
The parents of a 2-week-old child were arrested after the baby was found with at least 100 rat bites. Columbia County Sheriff's Office
The 1985 Cold War spoof Spies Like Us doesn't get a lot of love these days. The film united director John Landis with original Saturday Night Live stars Chevy Chase and Dan
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Flashback: Paul McCartney Jams With Chevy Chase on ‘Spies Like Us'
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
The United Arab Emirates will contribute $50.4 million to rebuild a mosque and cherished leaning minaret that were destroyed after the Iraqi city of Mosul was overrun by the Islamic State.
On Monday the UAE, Iraq and the United Nations signed an agreement that Audrey Azoulay, director-general of the U.N.'s cultural agency UNESCO, called "a historic partnership." In a written statement, they said it was "the largest and [most] unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever."
The Great Mosque of al-Nuri was built in the 12th century inside Mosul's Old City. It was named after Nur al-Din Mahmoud Zangi, a Turkic ruler who unified Muslim forces during the Crusades. In July 2014, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood at the mosque's pulpit and declared Iraq and Syria as the terrorist group's "caliphate."
As Iraqi security forces drew closer to Mosul in June 2017, ISIS destroyed the structure and later used the explosion as propaganda, pinning the damage on a U.S.-led coalition airstrike. "Jihadist supporters are using it to blame the West and Americans," Alberto Fernandez, then-vice president of the Middle East Media Research Institute, told USA Today.
Months after Mosul was liberated, the bodies of ISIS fighters still lay in the rubble near the mosque, NPR's Jane Arraf reported in March. Thousands of homes in the city's historic section were in ruins. and people had no electricity or running water.
Only a stump-like remnant remained of the famously tilted minaret known as al-Hadba, or the "hunchback."
"We need services," a Health Ministry employee told Arraf. "They just need to take away the rubble. We need water tankers to come so we can drink clean water. If they get rid of the rubble and repair the streets, a man can rebuild with their own hands."
The Iraqi government has estimated that a minimum of $2 billion is needed to repair crumbling streets and homes.
The UAE funding is earmarked for restoring the cultural landmarks. But Louise Haxthausen, director of UNESCO's Baghdad office, told NPR that the $50.4 million will still help the city. "It will generate employment and allow the inhabitants to develop and acquire skills," they said.
But some Mosul residents pointed to other, more pressing needs. One teacher and photographer tweeted an appeal to "please remove the rotten bodies first."
With a five-year timeline, the first year of the restoration will focus on clearing debris from the site, documenting items and drawing out details for reconstruction. The next four years will focus on the restoration of the mosque and surrounding buildings.
The reconstruction will preserve "the original minaret with its distinctive hunchback lean," Haxthausen said.
A joint committee will supervise the rebuilding efforts, including members of the Emirati and Iraqi Ministries of Culture, UNESCO and the Iraqi Sunni Endowment, according to the Emirates News Agency.
Haxthausen said the restoration is a key part of a flagship UNESCO initiative called Reviving the Spirit of Mosul, which launched in February, to "bring life back to the city."
The UAE and other Gulf countries have recently improved relations with Iraq, Arraf notes. Arab Gulf leaders for years refused to recognize Iraq's Shiite-led government as legitimate.
UPDATE: The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet says all lanes are back open on the Purchase Parkway.
ORIGINAL STORY: A portion of the Purchase Parkway near the Interstate 24 interchange is blocked.
The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet says a semi lost a load of coiled metal near the 48 and 49 mile markers.
This is just south of the I-24/Purchase Parkway exit 25 interchange.
The lost load is blocking the southbound lanes.
The road is expected to be closed until about 2:30 p.m.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Sub 15 C water, icy air temperatures and wearing nothing more than a speedo type costume, goggles and a swim cap await swimmers in the 2018 Cold Water Swim Classic.
One of the founding events of the JBay Winterfest, the Swim Classic is an extreme event that takes place in the salt water canals of Marina Martinique.
The Marina is renowned world wide as one of the best open water swim venues on the planet and is also growing in reputation as a cold water swim destination, which has led to the Swim Classic becoming an official Robben Island qualifying event.
There are three distances on offer during the JBay Winterfest – a mile, double mile and a gruelling triple mile.
Swimmers will have an option of entering a wetsuit division, should the thought of possible 12 C water be too much of a challenge.
Presented by Nicholas Melck Property, the Swim Classic has seen swimmers like Theodore Yach participate.
Yach is the undisputed king of Robben Island with well over 100 crossings to their name, while Abriella Bredell, the youngest swimmer to ever cross the notorious channel between the Island and Cape Town is also the youngest swimmer ever to complete the Swim Classic triple mile – at age 10.
Conditions are bound to be tough and challenging again in 2018. Pre enter the event via ZSports Cold Water Classic
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Two passenger trains collide in Austria At least eight people were injured when two passenger trains collided in Austria on Friday afternoon, officials said. The incident occurred at Kritzendorf, north of the capital city Vienna a...
Austrian president approves deal to allow far-right party in government Austria is now western Europe's only country with a far-right party sharing government power. Incoming Chancellor Sebastian Kurz — who at age 31 will be the world's youngest national leader...
Demonic Christmas parades march through European streets A horned beast marches through an Austrian street as crowds gather to celebrate Krampusnacht. The Krampus is the evil counterpart to Santa Claus, who visits the girls on Saint Nick's...
Nobody saw $117K heist pulled off in middle of a restaurant VIENNA — Austrian police say cyber thieves transferred bitcoins worth more than 100,000 euros ($117,000) from a man's account while they were logged in on a restaurant's public wireless network....
Wood mysteriously erected If you're trekking in the Austrian Alps there are a number of things you'd probably expect to see, including snow, rocks, and precious little vegetation. Hikers have gotten an eyeful of...
This 31-year-old is about to become the world's youngest head of state VIENNA — At age 31, Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz is poised to become the first millennial to lead a European country following their party's victory in a national election...
Man in shark costume gets fined under burqa ban Austria's burqa ban bites for a man in a shark costume — who was slapped with a fine for covering their face Monday. The unnamed worker was dressed as a...
A sandwich might have started World War I The assassination of Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand on June 28, 1914, was the flashpoint that started a catastrophic chain of events. It set the crumbling Austrian-Hungarian Empire on a collision...
'The Sound of Music' was plagued with production problems “The Sound of Music” is still recognized as a beloved Hollywood musical that also happens to be the third-highest grossing film of all time behind “Star Wars” and “Gone With...
Okon quits as Central Coast coach in Australia' A-League
hello
SYDNEY -- Paul Okon has quit as Central Coast Mariners coach with four regular season games remaining in Australia's A-League.
Okon, an ex-Australia international who commenced their managerial career working with national youth squads, joined the Mariners last season and had been negotiating with the club to extend their contract beyond 2017-18.
The Mariners released a statement Tuesday saying Okon and the club accepted an immediate release after failing to agree on the strategic direction and plans for the team.
The Mariners' youth coach Wayne O'Sullivan has been appointed as a caretaker for the A-League team.
After an 11-game winless streak, the Mariners are in ninth place and out of playoff contention, just three points ahead of last-place Wellington Phoenix.
The Mariners next match is at home against league-leading Sydney FC on Saturday at Gosford, north of Sydney.
Battle for Stolichnaya vodka a hangover from Russia's chaotic 1990s
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
China factories cautious on outlook despite GDP growth rebound
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Screenshots
In the video, Lynch actually says, "Ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals, who have made a difference. They're marched, they've bled, yes, some of them have died." This is not the first time Lynch has been the subject of disinformation.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CBS Local — A Long Island woman's quest for breakfast ended up in a jail cell after police say they drove up to a jail security booth and mistook it for a fast food drive-thru window.
Lizabeth Ildefonso of Jamesport, New York was arrested on March 16 after they drove up to the Suffolk County jail and tried to order a “bacon, egg, and cheese.” According to the Riverhead News-Review, the 44-year-old was told by Suffolk County deputies that they were really at a jail but kept demanding breakfast. Ildefonso “insisted that they really wanted a sandwich,” the Suffolk County Sheriff's office said in a statement.
**ARREST** Today, a Jamesport woman was arrested by a Deputy Sheriff after they drove up to the Riverhead Jail's security booth & attempted to order a breakfast sandwich. Lizabeth Ildefonso was charged with Driving While Ability Impaired by Drugs & driving without a license. pic.twitter.com/oodUoKKe9f — Suffolk County Sheriff's Office (@Suffolk_Sheriff) March 16, 2018
Officers at the jail noticed that Ildefonso's eyes were glassy and they had a white powder in their left nose before performing a sobriety check. After “performing poorly” in a field sobriety test, the woman was arrested for driving while impaired by drugs. Police also noted that the 44-year-old was driving without a valid license.
The Sheriff's office says Deputy Sheriff Yvonne DeCaro, who arrested Ildefonso, had just completed a course to help identify impaired drivers. “It apparently was put to good use today although the surrounding circumstances were a little unexpected,” the Sheriff's office added.
LONDON (AP) — There will be no stairway to basement heaven just yet for British singer Robbie Williams.
Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page, Williams' next-door neighbor, has persuaded local authorities to postpone a decision on the pop star's plan for an underground gym and swimming pool.
Page and Williams have been battling for years over the latter's plans to extend their home in the affluent Holland Park area of west London.
Williams, 44, who rocketed to fame as a 16-year-old member of the boy band Take That, has also had a solo career as a singer and songwriter.
Page, 74, says building work could damage their own 19th-century Gothic-revival mansion, Tower House.
The interior of the turreted red-brick building by architect William Burgess features ornate tiling, plasterwork and stained glass, which Page says could be damaged by vibrations from construction work.
The pioneering heavy-rock guitarist has said they only plays acoustic guitars at home in order to protect the house, which they bought in 1972 from the actor Richard Harris.
In a letter to Kensington and Chelsea Council last week, Williams said the construction work “will result in absolute minimal impact” to neighboring properties.
At a meeting on Tuesday, the council's planning committee decided not to grant Williams planning permission until it received further legal assurances.
Page said they were “really pleased at the outcome” and the council's consideration for the house.
“I'm only the custodian to pass it on to the next person in the same way I bought it from Richard Harris,” they said.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LAS VEGAS (CBSMiami) — Off-duty Clark County firefighter Travis Haldeman was in the crowd with their wife at the Route 91 Harvest Country Music Festival when gunfire stopped the music Sunday night. They told them to run and rushed to a man shot in the leg.
“I had taken my belt off, wrapped it around their leg and made a quick tourniquet around it, threw them on my back, and started running with them on my back towards the medical tent,” Haldeman told CBS News correspondent Adriana Diaz.
They said if they were going to get shot, there was nothing they could do about it. “What I know I can do is help a lot of people,” Haldeman said.
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police officer Bert Hughes was off the clock and at home getting ready for bed when they started getting texts on their phone.
“The kids were sleeping. My wife was up. They didn't want me to go, but they understood that I needed to go, and gave them a kiss and headed out the door,” Hughes said.
“What did you say to her?” Diaz asked.
“See you in the morning,” Hughes said.
Fire Capt. Joe Geeb was at the scene in minutes.
“We've been put through this type of training that allowed us to just instinctually act,” Geeb said.
Those instincts also kept Haldeman going. They helped at least half a dozen victims to safety, including Rylie Golgart who was shot in the back and losing feeling in their legs. Haldeman said they stayed and rode with them to the hospital.
“I got home around 3:30 I'd say in the morning and changed my clothes. They were covered in other peoples' blood, gave my wife a big hug and a kiss,” Haldeman said.
“She must have been happy to see you,” Diaz said.
“Yeah, yeah. It's a hug and a kiss I'll never forget,” Haldeman said, choking up.
He's visited Golgart in the hospital twice.
“She stood for the first time,” Haldeman said. “It's a feeling, it's hard to describe. It's the same way as when your kids stand for the first time or take their first steps, you know?”
Asked how he's different now than before the mass shooting, Geeb paused.
“See, now you're going to make me cry,” Geeb said. “I think about my guys a lot more. You see how they're coping with it in their own families. And it hurts. You know?”
“You guys are a family and this has just tightened those bonds,” Diaz noted.
“100 percent,” Geeb said.
“There was one bad person that showed up to that concert that night, and thousands that have showed up since to help out whether it's their own blood, their own money,” Haldeman said. “That is Las Vegas.”
Five years ago, Las Vegas started special interagency training between police and fire departments to help respond together and faster to incidents like mass shootings. That training likely saved lives Sunday night and is being used as a model in other cities.
BusinessTech's Staff Writer is directly plugged into the South African Internet backbone, and spits out press releases and other news as they receive it. They are believed to be cl...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
UK outfit EDS HV has been signed up as high-voltage (HV) consultant for Vattenfall's 406MW Horns Rev 3 wind farm off the coast of Denmark.
The James Fisher subsidiary will provide services during the installation phase of the project, with the scope including pre-site engineering support, HV system review and safety management.
Vattenfall commissioning manager Morten Birk Jochimsen said: “We are happy to continue the good work with EDS also during our Horns Rev 3 project.
“The cooperation in the past has proven EDS focuses with us on the safety of the work environment and we together continue our efforts on improvements.”
EDS group director Ryan Henderson said: “This award further strengthens an excellent relationship with Vattenfall that has developed over the past four years and has seen EDS provide vital support on many projects including Aberdeen Bay, Pen y Cymoedd and Kentish Flats Extension.
“We look forward to working with Vattenfall on this significant project and once again providing a safe, efficient and high-quality service.”
Vattenfall is targeting a 2019 completion date for Horns Rev 3, which will feature 49 MHI Vestas V164 8MW turbines, optimised to 8.3MW.
Image: Vattenfall
Meredith's shake-up earlier this week has resulted in the exit of Family Circle Editor-in-Chief Linda Fears — and the shutdown of the print version of Siempre Mujer, its Hispanic women's title, sources tell Media Ink.
Neither Fears nor Siempre Mujer Editor-in-Chief Jessica Torres returned calls, and the company is keeping mum on the specifics.
Siempre Mujer will be a digital-only publication, sources said.
The company did acknowledge a general cutback that saw 40 people — or about 1 percent of payroll — get pink-slipped.
“Today we … announced several organizational changes, including a number of promotions and new assignments,” the company said in a statement. “As part of these changes, approximately 40 of our colleagues — which represents about 1 percent of our workforce of approximately 3,800 — will be departing Meredith, half in New York and half across other company locations. We thank them for their service, and wish them the best in their future endeavors.”
Pages Preuss stands one shot behind Southeastern University's Ana Uribe for the top spot after 18 holes for the Phoenix, while Romero Valverde is tied for third with their 78, three shots off the lead.
Senior Abbey Burgdorf posted a first-round 82, tied for 10th with two other players, while senior Morgan Stuckey recorded an 84 and stands 15th after the completion of the opening round. Senior Savanna Strode shot a first-round 95, tied for 16th.
Cumberland registered an opening-round team score of 320, 10 strokes ahead of Southeastern and 14 shots in front of host school Brenau University.
More Videos
0:46 Watch the dramatic final play of the Boise State-UNLV game
0:57 Leon Rice: 'I've been to a dude ranch before'
0:18 Boise State's Lupfer on fire from 3-point range
7:13 Leon Rice: 'We made 18 and our guys are kicking themselves'
1:02 Boise State's 3-point barrage
2:52 Boise State's Dickinson talks about bouncing back after loss, former teammate Trae Young
5:15 Hutchison after loss at Nevada: 'We're still hungry.'
0:50 What do sewer rats have to do with basketball? Leon Rice explains.
1:05 Watch Chandler Hutchison's finishing flourish vs. Utah State
1:27 Watch Boise State coach Leon Rice wade through the Boise River
3:55 Leon Rice on 52 fouls, wearing orange and winning on the road
The toilets of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, are finally safe.
Sheboygan police arrested a 33-year-old man Monday on suspicion that he's the vandal who spent the past two years clogging a public toilet more than two dozen times. Repairing clog after clog has drained thousands in taxpayer funds from the city, which is perched on Lake Michigan north of Milwaukee. Police have not named the suspect.
The Memorial Day arrest came following a tip from a citizen, police said.
The villain's clogging tool was an unconventional one, according to police. They would take a 20-ounce soda bottle and jam it into a women's toilet at the Deland Community Center in the city. Once he'd lodged a bottle deep in the pipes, the vandal would run off — leaving behind a messy surprise for the city to clean up.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In March, the city got desperate enough that police issued a plea for help on Facebook.
“This is very strange … and gross, but that is the reality of life,” the city's police department wrote at the time, begging for leads or tips.
Police said in March that surveillance cameras suggested a man was to blame. Commenters on Facebook said the city should have installed cameras years ago to catch the culprit and avoid paying to clean up after him.
As of March, the serial clogger had struck three times just this year, according to Joe Kerlin, the city's parks and forestry superintendent. But the clogger had been even busier in past years, Kerlin told the Sheboygan Press — blocking the same public women's toilet 14 times in 2017, and 12 the year before.
That substantial tally (29 cloggings — but who's counting?) only includes incidents since the city began keeping track, Kerlin told the newspaper. And it wasn't until halfway into 2016 it dawned on authorities that a serial clogger was on the loose. Kerlin estimated that the city has spent between $2,000 and $3,000 dealing with the clogger's reign of terror.
“A lot of times we can just fish 'em out,” Kerlin told the newspaper, describing the best case scenario. Especially obstinate bottles mean plumbers have to remove the entire toilet.
The case has been passed off to the Sheboygan County District Attorney's Office for charges to be filed, WBAY reports.
IDG
Google has turned a database service that it uses to run some of its mission-critical products into an offering for its public cloud customers.
On Tuesday, the company launched Cloud Spanner, a new, fully managed database that's supposed to provide the transactional consistency of a traditional database plus the scalability and performance of a NoSQL database.
It's based on the same systems that run the company's own Spanner database internally.
Usually, businesses have to pick either a traditional or a NoSQL database, and each comes with particular trade-offs.
Traditional databases provide better transactional consistency, but can be hard to scale. NoSQL databases are better at scaling but sacrifice consistency.
Cloud Spanner is designed to reduce those trade-offs, and it's also delivered as a fully managed service. Among other things, that means Google will manage hardware, software and replication of content for a database that can span multiple data centers.
The service will be useful for companies that need millisecond-level consistency in their databases worldwide, according to Nick Heudecker, a research director at Gartner. In an interview, they called out financial services and advertising as two industries that might benefit from Cloud Spanner.
Heudecker did point out that the service will require companies to port existing applications, which may prove challenging. Google is working with partners to help customers move over, according to Deepti Srivastava, the product manager for Cloud Spanner.
Cloud Spanner has generated more interest than most new Google services, based on response to a closed alpha test, Srivastava said.
Cloud Spanner grew out of a project that began in 2007, when a team of Google employees set out to solve the problem of choosing between NoSQL and traditional databases. That led to a paper, published in 2012, describing the company's Spanner database, which uses a number of novel techniques, including atomic and GPS clocks inside data centers to maintain time consistency.
Spanner is used to operate Google services like Google Ads and Google Play. According to the company, it can handle tens of millions of queries per second.
That pedigree is a feature of Cloud Spanner that appealed to Peter Bakkum, the platform lead at Quizlet. The education software company, which offers a popular set of study tools for students, is evaluating how to scale its database infrastructure.
Quizlet has been testing Cloud Spanner since the closed alpha phase and may end up using the service to replace its existing setup of MySQL databases. Refactoring Quizlet's applications to use Cloud Spanner will require work, but that's true of all the possible upgrade paths, Bakkum said.
“We need a fundamentally different architecture to do scaling, and any of those solutions have a difficult migration path,” they said.
Cloud Spanner's popularity may be throttled somewhat by Google's position in the cloud market. While the company has been aggressive in releasing new capabilities and improving its services to attract new customers, its use still lags behind that of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure.
Using Cloud Spanner means bringing data to Google's cloud platform and building an application that targets it. While some companies are comfortable working with multiple cloud providers, not all of them are.
That said, Gartner's Heudecker said Google is the only major cloud provider offering a product like this one and it will be hard for rivals to catch up.
“Cloud Spanner is not just software,” Heudecker said. “It is the union of software, hardware — in the form of atomic clocks in Google's data centers — and an incredibly robust network connecting their data centers together. So it's not just writing code. It's a lot of investment and a lot of operational expertise that Google excels at.”
Right now, Cloud Spanner instances can only exist in one of Google's cloud regions, though they'll be replicated across multiple availability zones inside those regions.
In the future, Cloud Spanner customers will be able to have one database that's kept in sync across multiple regions.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Usefulness Functionality Price Summary Brand24 will help you track your brand mentions and keywords online.
Brand24 is a simple and reliable social monitoring application used by businesses and companies of all sizes to identify, engage and analyze online conversations about their products, brands and competitors, from across the web in real time.
A Look at Brand24
Internet Monitoring
Brand24 constantly monitors the internet, displaying results as soon as they appear. This consequently enables you to take immediate and direct action on your business or brand's reputation. It takes only a few minutes to register on the platform as all you need to enter is your business's email address and password.
Press the plus sign next to “Projects” on the upper left-hand side of the screen to set up a project that will monitor one of four different social data types, including a competitor, sales leads, brand or a specific hashtag.
Enter both required and excluded keywords so as to refine your data. Compared to Synthesio, Talkwalker or Crimson Hexagon, where keywords are unlimited, Brand24's keyword limitations are quite noticeable.
To complete your monitoring setup, check off the sources that you would like to monitor. This could be social media websites, forums, news or blogs. The platform also offers a photo checkbox for sites such as Pinterest and Instagram and a video option for networks such as Periscope and YouTube. You can also easily exclude the social media authors that you don't want included in your results.
The dashboard also contains a helpful menu with a video walkthrough, fan page, customer success stories and FAQs. Their data also goes as far back as a month before the project was set up, but the application only vouches for data collected from the time the project was created onwards.
Brand24 offers an “online mentions” feature, which shows mentions across blogs, forums, social media platforms and more. It also generates alerts when mentions occur.
The platform also tracks sudden changes in business discussion volumes so you can easily capitalize on the positive publicity and also spot issues as they arise.
Slack Integration
One of the biggest new features added to the platform is Slack — an online collaboration platform. The feature allows you to quickly and easily access your mentions from a Slack channel of your choice. This definitely makes teamwork easier and more effective as you can assign tasks, make group decisions and discuss mentions in an environment your team is familiar with.
Pricing
The platform has a free 14-days trial version and upon expiration you can then choose to pay $49 per month for the Personal Plus Plan, $99 per month for the Professional Premium Plan or $399 for the Professional Max Plan. The company also says that they can provide customized plans based on your needs.
Conclusion
Brand24 is really easy to use and the company also has an e-consultant that is available to help you in case you get stuck.
The platform is definitely a worthwhile option for small or medium sized businesses that seek real-time social analysis.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person, but they remind us of a used car salesperson whenever he's selling their upcoming budget.
One who doesn't want you looking under the hood too closely while he's making their sales pitch.
On Thursday, Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that their fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that, "Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province."
Um, that's been true for Ontario governments going back decades.
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province, it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services.
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government, for example, made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday.
When the Liberals are in power, they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province.
When they're out of power, they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services. (In fairness, all parties do it.)
What Sousa didn't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario's debt to more than $300 billion since coming to power in 2003, which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign (non-national) borrower in the world.
They didn't say the auditor general and Ontario's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt.
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they're the same people -- is "fairer because it doesn't ask today's generation alone to pay the entire freight."
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you don't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today's services -- on its head.
Finally, Sousa repeated, for the umpteenth time, that this year's budget will be balanced, later adding along with "next year and the year after that."
Two problems. First, Sousa's promising to balance a budget that won't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018.
Second, in 2003, then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes.
And we all remember what happened after they won.
MARKHAM, ON--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Sienna Senior Living Inc. ("Sienna" or the "Company") (TSX: SIA) today announced a dividend of $0.075 per common share of the Company (each, a "Common Share") for the month of February 2017, representing $0.90 per Common Share on an annualized basis.
The dividend will be payable on March 15, 2017 to shareholders of record as at February 28, 2017.
The Company's dividends are designated as eligible dividends for Canadian tax purposes in accordance with subsection 89(14) of the Income Tax Act (Canada), and any applicable corresponding provincial and territorial legislation.
Sienna has a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the "DRIP") which allows eligible shareholders of the Company to direct that their cash dividends be reinvested in additional Common Shares. Common Shares issued pursuant to the DRIP are issued from treasury at a 3% discount from the market price. Participation in the DRIP is optional and shareholders who do not wish to participate in the plan will continue to receive cash dividends. A complete copy of the DRIP is available under the Investors section of the Company's website.
ABOUT SIENNA SENIOR LIVING
Sienna Senior Living (TSX: SIA) is one of Canada's leading seniors living providers serving the continuum of independent living, independent supportive living, assisted living, memory care and long-term care/ residential care through the operation of its 55 residences. We are committed to national growth, while driving long-term value creation for our shareholders. Our 9,000 employees are dedicated to helping residents live fully, every day. For more information, please visit www.siennaliving.ca.
LOS ANGELES – No, Los Angeles residents, it wasn't your hangovers playing tricks on you. The Hollywood sign really did read "HOLLYWeeD" for a few hours on New Year's Day.
Police were investigating Sunday after a prankster used giant tarps to turn two of the iconic sign's white Os into Es sometime overnight.
The vandal, dressed in all black, was recorded by security cameras and could face a misdemeanor trespassing charge, said Sgt. Robert Payan.
The person scaled a protective fence surrounding the sign above Griffith Park and then clambered up each giant letter to drape the coverings, Payan said.
The prank may be a nod to California voters' approval in November of Proposition 64, which legalized the recreational use of marijuana, beginning in 2018.
Hikers and tourists in the hills spent the morning snapping photos of themselves in front of the altered sign before park rangers began removing the tarps.
"It's kind of cool being here at the moment," Bruce Quinn told KABC-TV. "I thought we came to see the Hollywood sign, not the' Hollyweed' sign. But hey it's OK with me!"
While attention-grabbing, the prank was not exactly original. Forty-one years ago to the day — Jan. 1, 1976 — a college student similarly altered the sign, using curtains to make it read "HOLLYWEED."
A Southwest Florida neighborhood is on alert after a bat with rabies bit two people.
The following areas are under the alert in Port Charlotte: Frederick Avenue, Peachland Boulevard, Broadview Street, Adela Avenue and Beacon Drive.
The two people were infected last Monday while trying to rescue a sick bat that had fallen onto their property.
"I'm worried about (my dog). He's due for their rabies shots, so we're going to get it taken care of right away," said Shari Wooten, who lives off Peachland Blvd.
The bat was sent to Tampa for testing, and it came back positive for rabies.
Charlotte County Animal Control declared the rabies alert for a one-mile radius from the yard the bat was found.
"If you see any animals acting strangely, they appear to be sick, please contact our department, and we will come out patrol the area and hopefully get the animal removed," said Brian Jones, division manager.
Frank Anthony lives in the neighborhood and is concerned for their grandkids. Anthony and their wife recently had a run-in with bats while out for a walk.
"At about 8:15 in the evening, we turned on Nancy Road. I don't want to say thousands, but there were so many bats we ran back home."
Rabies is a virus that attacks the central nervous system. Symptoms include fever, headache, foaming at the mouth and delirium.
"If you see a sick raccoon in your yard or a bat hanging from the tree, we need to know about it right away, and we need to get out of there," Jones said.
The rabies alert will be in effect for 30 days, which means it will expire Sept. 6.
Anyone with questions or concerns is asked to call Charlotte County Animal Control or the Charlotte County Sheriff's Office.
KGW – Portland
The San Francisco 49ers are hitting reset.
Chip Kelly was fired by the team Sunday after only one season as the team's coach, the 49ers announced. General manager Trent Baalke confirmed earlier in the day that they also had been relieved of their duties.
“Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary,” 49ers owner Jed York said in a statement. The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team.”
San Francisco went 2-14 in Kelly's lone season. The team also fired Jim Tomsula after just one conclusion at the conclusion of last year's campaign.
The 49ers will hold a news conference at 1 p.m. ET today.
Bud Werner Memorial Library's free foreign film series continues with “Neither Heaven Nor Earth,” an award-winning film from France directed by Clément Cogitore, at 7 p.m., Wednesday, Jan. 11 at the Chief Theater.
Before the film, Steamboat Springs' French Club will at 6 p.m. in the theater's Black Box Lounge for conversational French, wine specials and potluck appetizers. All French speakers are welcome.
The screening includes an award-winning short film. For more information, visit steamboatlibrary.org/events.
Via:: Steamboat Today
By Jason Keidel
There were ample plots and subplots to the Rams-Eagles game yesterday, and yet they were all buried by the end of a fantastic contest, one that lived up to the billing, the teams, and their resumes.
At the end of the game the expected narratives seemed to be flipped on their heads. Though the Eagles won, they seemed to have lost their leader, the best player, and likely NFL MVP, QB Carson Wentz. (That impression has since been confirmed.) Not only did Wentz toss one TD pass after another, they kept slinging even after they dove into the end zone, took a limb-crunching shot, and shredded their left ACL. Limping and wincing throughout, Wentz kept playing until they couldn't, and was forced under that makeshift blue medical tent, where their day — and their season — seemed to end.
So a win felt like a loss for Philly. And perhaps the Rams felt a bit like they won. Though the scoreboard said one thing, the Rams now find a gentler playoff path that won't include Carson Wentz. And with the Vikings losing to the Panthers yesterday, the Rams still have an outside shot to host some playoff games.
At the end, the wildly entertaining, high-scoring, pyrotechnic 43-35 score in favor of Philadelphia left us with endless scripts, twisting paths to the playoffs and, possibly, the Super Bowl.
>>WATCH: The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
Not that the Eagles are tossing in any towels. Nick Foles finished what Wentz started. And Philadelphians will recall that Foles once started a season for the Eagles, and finished it quite well. It was a season that ended with a playoff birth, with Foles posting PlayStation numbers. Indeed, the year was 2013, and Foles threw 27 touchdowns and just two interceptions in 10 games, stats that would even make Aaron Rodgers blush. The Eagles went 8-2 in the games Foles started, and they led the NFL in yards per attempt, yards per completion, and passer rating (119.2).
With Wentz finished — the somber word just came down from head coach Doug Pederson — Foles is, at least, the best backup in the NFL. Or at least the most accomplished, with a career record of 20-16. And Foles is familiar with the turbulent, predatory fan base of Philadelphia, perhaps the most ornery in America. If Foles fails, it will be based on their merit, not their makeup.
For the Rams, they at least walk, not limp, away with their QB Jared Goff in good health. Though they lost the game, they still posted 35 points against a top-three defense. Todd Gurley gained 136 total yards and scored two touchdowns. Goff completed 62 percent of their passes, for two touchdowns (0 INT) and a robust 110.9 passer rating.
The Rams (9-4) are two games behind the Eagles (11-2) with three games to play, so the No. 1 seed is likely doomed. The Vikings (10-3) are one game up on the Rams, and beat Los Angeles a few weeks ago. But with some luck and a winning streak, the Rams will at least win the NFC West, and perhaps bag the second or third seed in the NFC, which will get them a playoff game at the Los Angeles Coliseum. If a second-year QB can win Comeback Player of the Year, it would be Goff. And if a rookie coach could win Coach of the Year, then strong consideration should go to Rams head man Sean McVay.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
Perhaps the only better candidate is the man McVay failed to beat yesterday — Mr Pederson — who is leading the Eagles to their best season since their Super Bowl run in 2005, if not their only other Super Bowl club, in 1980.
So Philadelphia has a gold-plated path to the top spot in the NFC and a frigid, Philly advantage in the playoffs. The question they didn't want to answer but must, is can they reach the Super Bowl through their home-field edge in Pennsylvania, without the Governor of Wentzylvania under center?
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports.  They are a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. They made their bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow them on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Neuroscientists say a full understanding of the complexity of the human brain will require new research strategies that better simulate real-world conditions.
The authors of a new article say the brain's ability to perform “approximate probabilistic inference” cannot be truly studied with simple tasks that are “ill-suited to expose the inferential computations that make the brain special.”
The article suggests the brain uses nonlinear message-passing between connected, redundant populations of neurons that draw upon a probabilistic model of the world. That model, coarsely passed down via evolution and refined through learning, simplifies decision-making based on general concepts and its particular biases.
The article, which lays out a broad research agenda for neuroscience, appears in the journal Neuron.
“Evolution has given us what we call a good model bias,” says Xaq Pitkow, an assistant professor in the neuroscience department and co-director of the Center for Neuroscience and Artificial Intelligence at Baylor University, as well as an assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering at Rice University.
“It's been known for a couple of decades that very simple neural networks can compute any function, but those universal networks can be enormous, requiring extraordinary time and resources.
“In contrast, if you have the right kind of model—not a completely general model that could learn anything, but a more limited model that can learn specific things, especially the kind of things that often happen in the real world—then you have a model that's biased. In this sense, bias can be a positive trait. We use it to be sensitive to the right things in the world that we inhabit. Of course, the flip side is that when our brain's bias is not matched to reality, it can lead to severe problems.”
The researchers say simple tests of brain processes, like those in which subjects choose between two options, provide only simple results.
“Before we had access to large amounts of data, neuroscience made huge strides from using simple tasks, and they'll remain very useful,” Pitkow says. “But for computations that we think are most important about the brain, there are things you just can't reveal with some of those tasks.”
Pitkow and their coauthor write that tasks should incorporate more diversity—like nuisance variables and uncertainty—to better simulate real-world conditions that the brain evolved to handle.
They suggest that the brain infers solutions based on statistical crosstalk between redundant population codes. Population codes are responses by collections of neurons that are sensitive to certain inputs, like the shape or movement of an object. Pitkow and their coauthor think that to better understand the brain, it can be more useful to describe what these populations compute, rather than precisely how each individual neuron computes it. Pitkow says this means thinking “at the representational level” rather than the “mechanistic level,” as described by the influential vision scientist David Marr.
The research has implications for artificial intelligence, another interest of both researchers.
“A lot of artificial intelligence has done impressive work lately, but it still fails in some spectacular ways,” Pitkow says.
“They can play the ancient game of Go and beat the best human player in the world, as done recently by DeepMind's AlphaGo about a decade before anybody expected. But AlphaGo doesn't know how to pick up the Go pieces. Even the best algorithms are extremely specialized. Their ability to generalize is often still pretty poor,” they say.
“Our brains have a much better model of the world; We can learn more from fewer data. Neuroscience theories suggest ways to translate experiments into smarter algorithms that could lead to a greater understanding of general intelligence.”
The McNair Foundation, the National Science Foundation, Britton Sanderford, the Intelligence Advance Research Projects Activity via the Department of Interior/Interior Business Center, the Simons Collaboration on the Global Brain, and the National Institutes of Health supported the research.
Source: Rice University
CULVER CITY — It will be easier than ever before for Culver City high school students to earn college credit right on their own campus thanks to a new agreement with West Los Angeles College to offer college and career access pathways through dual credit courses in computer science, technical production for theater, and architecture.
The AB 288 agreement, signed at the Culver City school board meeting Jan. 23, allows students to take classes provided by West L.A. College at Culver City High School and Culver City Park High School, to earn college credit. Those classes will fulfill both diploma and college degree requirements and will be offered tuition-free.
“We are very excited about this new AB 288 partnership that allows our students to take dual enrollment classes and earn high school and college credit simultaneously,” Culver City school Superintendent Leslie Lockhart said. “This is yet another way that we can offer students a chance to follow their career goals and get a head start right on our high school campuses.”
“Reaching them where they are is critical to helping our young people connect to college and succeed in higher education and the workplace,” said Sydney Kamlager-Dove, president of the Los Angeles Community College District Board of Trustees. “This partnership reduces barriers to entry by allowing high school students to become comfortable with college processes from the familiar place of their high schools, and it's tuition free — that's a win-win for all.”
“This demonstrates how both institutions working together can capitalize on their strengths to increase access to college and meet the needs of students in the communities we serve,” LACCD Chancellor Francisco Rodriguez said. “I look forward to more of these signings across our nine colleges.
“West L.A. College has offered concurrent enrollment courses at Culver City High for years,” said Aracely Aguiar, the college's vice president of academic affairs. “Through the AB 288 partnership, classes can be offered as dual enrollment for high school students to get high school and college credit simultaneously. Working with Culver City Unified, are creating pathways in computer science, technical production for theater, and architecture that lead to employment.”
“In one year, West Los Angeles College will celebrate its 50th year.” college President James M. Limbaugh said. “If you know anything about the college's history, you know that Culver City's residents and school board were instrumental in the establishment of this campus that serves Culver City, West Los Angeles and other surrounding communities.
“So we are particularly pleased and excited to be entering into this agreement that expands our partnership with the outstanding Culver City schools.”
Assembly Bill 288 was signed by Gov. Jerry Brown in October 2015. Introduced by Assemblyman Chris Holden, D-Pasadena, it allowed community colleges and nearby school districts to enter agreements for the purpose of offering or expanding dual enrollment opportunities for students who may not already be college bound or who are underrepresented in higher education, with the goal of developing seamless pathways from high school to community college for career technical education or preparation for transfer, improving high school graduation rates, or helping high school pupils achieve college and career readiness, according to the state Chancellor's Office.
Opportunistic thieves have been targeting cars which have been abandoned in the snow and smashing the windows to search for valuables.
Overnight, between Saturday, December 9 and Sunday, December 10 three cars have been targeted on Ringinglow Road in Hathersage. All of them have had the front offside window smashed.
Three vehicles have been targeted already
A spokesperson for the Derbyshire Rural Crime Team said: “Please can we also take this opportunity to urge motorists to only make journeys in the severe weather conditions when absolutely necessary.
“If you have no choice but to abandon your vehicle, please ensure it is emptied of all valuables, alarms are set and recovery is arranged at the earliest opportunity.”
An international team of astronomers has found 60 new planets orbiting stars close to Earth's solar system, including a rocky “super Earth.”
The experts also found evidence of an additional 54 planets, bringing the potential discovery of new worlds to 114.
One planet in particular, Gliese 411b, has been generating plenty of attention. Described as a “hot super Earth with a rocky surface,” Gliese 411b is located in the fourth-nearest star system to the Sun, making it the third-nearest planetary system to the Sun, according to the U.K.'s University of Hertfordshire, which participated in the research. Gliese 411b (also known as GJ 411b or Lalande 21185) orbits the star Gliese 411 (or GJ 411).
Despite the “super Earth” label, Dr. Mikko Tuomi from University of Hertfordshire's Centre for Astrophysics told Fox News that Gliese 411b is too hot for life to exist on its surface.
Gliese 411 and Gliese 411b are located 8 light years from earth. A light year, which measures distance in space, equals 6 trillion miles.
By way of comparison, the recently-discovered Earth-like planet Proxima b, which orbits the red dwarf Proxima Centauri, is about 4 light years from Earth. A red dwarf is a relatively cool small star.
Tuomi, who was also involved in the discovery of Proxima b, told Fox News that the latest batch of planets marks a significant discovery. “Over the recent years it has been established as a scientific fact that there are more planets in the Universe than there are stars. This means that virtually every star has a planet, or several of them, orbiting it,” they explained, via email. “Our discovery of dozens of new nearby planets highlights this fact. But it also does more. We are now moving on from simply discovering these worlds.”
“In essence, we are now building an observational roadmap for future giant telescopes that can be used to image some or even most of these newly found worlds,” Tuomi added. “This is like mapping an archipelago so that we are familiar with it in the future when taking a closer look at what its islands actually look like.”
The 60 new planets are found orbiting stars that are mostly some 20 to 300 light years away, according to Tuomi.
The discoveries are based on observations taken over 20 years by U.S. astronomers using the Keck-I telescope in Hawaii as part of the Lick-Carnegie Exoplanet Survey. During the course of the research, scientists obtained almost 61,000 observations of 1,600 stars, which are now available to the public.
Sponsored by NASA and the National Science Foundation, the Lick-Carnegie Exoplanet Survey harnesses the talents of planet hunters from a number of organizations, including the University of California (UC) Santa Cruz and the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington, D.C.
The Carnegie Institution of Science also led a team that included MIT to release the data on the almost 61,000 observations of 1,600 stars.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This article originally appeared on Fox News.
Hello beauties!
Getting 20% OFF on Makeup Palettes at Cult Beauty is a hard thing to resist. You didn't get the chance to buy that palette as it was to expensive before? Well now you can save a bit of money and take advantage of the 20% OFF discount. I'm talking Huda Beauty, Anastasia Beverly Hills, Viseart, Hourglass, Karl Lagerfeld, BECCA, Zoeva and so many others.
Availability
UK & International – Now until 1 June 2018 at Cult Beauty (the discount applies at checkout automatically)
Cult Beauty 20% OFF on Makeup Palettes
There's a heaven of makeup palettes at Cult Beauty right now and they are discounted by 20%. I would love to get my hands on some of them.
I have reviewed all the Huda Beauty Palettes if you want to check out swatches. Later this week I'll be reviewing the new Rose Gold Remastered Palette but for now you have live swatches HERE on my Instagram. So now you can get the Desert Dusk Palette for £44.80 instead of £56.00 and the mini Obsessions for £19.50 instead of £25.00.
SHOP HUDA BEAUTY 20% OFF
Turn on your JavaScript to view content
If you've ever been tempted by the famous ABH palettes, now you can get them a bit cheaper. When the Modern Renaissance Palette launched it was crazy expensive to get it in my country back then so I said pass. Today I'm thinking seriously of paying only £34.4 instead of £43.00 and buy it. At least I know it had so many positive reviews and the quality is awesome.
SHOP ABH Palettes 20% OFF
Turn on your JavaScript to view content
SHOP BECCA 20% OFF
Turn on your JavaScript to view content
SHOP HOURGLASS 20% OFF
Turn on your JavaScript to view content
Many marketers find tracking the ROI of their video campaigns to be tricky, but that is often the result of poorly developed strategy and improper goal-setting.
Broadly speaking, all video marketing will be looking to do one of three things: build brand awareness and trust, increase sales, and educate and inform your customers and potential customers.
Although there will inevitably be overlap between those broad objectives (in the end, all marketing ultimately hopes to increase revenue), you must first define what you want to achieve. If you plan to produce content that targets all three objectives, then think about how you can segment your content and assigning a weight to each metric accordingly.
Once you've decided what it is you want your marketing film to achieve, then you can start thinking about how to properly measure success.
Here are 10 essential video marketing metrics that fall into one of three broad measures of success.
A. Measuring Reach and Retention
1. Views
Views are one of the easiest metrics to track—and one of the most misleading. Tracking views gives you a very basic idea of how many people are clicking play on your content, but that's about it.
Read the Full Article
Membership is required to access the full version of this how-to marketing article ... don't worry though, it's FREE!
A person is climbing the Statue of Liberty on Independence Day.
Liberty Island, where the statue stands, was evacuated, according to multiple reports.
The person climbed to the pedestal of the statue at about 3:30 p.m. and sat down or leaned against the folds of the statue's robes, live CBS video showed. CBS identified the person as a woman.
"They're kicking everybody out," people on the video could be heard saying.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
An NYPD helicopter was on the scene, according to PIX11 live video.
Police on ladders were trying to reach the person at the statue's base, multiple live videos showed. The person was seen taking off their shirt several times to show a message on it, but the message was not clear in the multiple live videos from the scene.
National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis told the Associated Press the climber was at the base of the statue beneath Lady Liberty's foot. Police used ladders to get to the top of the base to try to get the climber to come down.
Earlier on Wednesday, the "Rise and Resist" protest group dropped a banner that read "Abolish ICE" from the base of the statue, according to ABC7.
The protest was against President Donald Trump administration's immigration policy and advocated ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border, the group said in a news release. The group said the climber is not affiliated with the earlier protest.
Several people hung the "Abolish ICE" banner and were arrested, according to multiple reports.
Willis said at least six people were taken into custody Wednesday, according to the AP. They say federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument.
The park service had not issued any alerts for the statue on the "alerts and conditions" section of its website as of about 5 p.m. on Wednesday.
Watch live video from multiple views on the island here: www.libertyellisfoundation.org/torchcam.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement is a division of the Department of Homeland Security. Its officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants in the United States.
The "Statue of Liberty Enlightening the World" was a gift of friendship from the people of Franche to the United States and is recognized as "a universal symbol of freedom and democracy," according to the National Park Service.
The statue was dedicated on Oct. 28, 1886 and was designated a national monument in 1924.
The Statue of Liberty, from pedestal foundation to the tip of the torch is 305 feet, 6 inches tall. Lady Liberty themselves is 111 feet, 6 inches tall, according to the Statue of Liberty Foundation.
The statue weighs 225 tons. The flame in their torch is covered with thin sheets of 24-karat gold.
There are seven rays in Lady Liberty's crown, representing the seven continents.
A tablet held in Lady Liberty's left hand is inscribed with the date July IV MDCCLXXVI (July 4, 1776).
At Lady Liberty's feet lie the broken shackles of oppression and tyranny.
This breaking story will be updated.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Trump, Putin, Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise? Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
1:14 Idaho QB Matt Linehan apologizes for postgame comments directed at President Staben
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
5:14 Bogus Basin's 75th anniversary kickoff party
1:50 Brundage Mountain uses fireworks, torchlight parade to celebrate New Year's
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
By: Eric Donnelly
THIS BETTER BE TRUE!
According to Breathe Heavy, the collaboration we have all been waiting for — Timbaland, Britney, & Justin — is allegedly happening. *deep breath*
“Back in April, Timbaland went on a liking spree of Justney (Justin & Britney) posts on Instagram (he liked over a hundred pictures of them together). That liking fiesta occurred on the same night Tim hit the studio with JT, Pharrell Williams, Danja and Chad Hugo.”
After this Justin's mom Lynn began liking photos on social media and even Timberlake themselves retweeted an old tweet of theirs from 2013 referencing Brit Brit…then un-retweeted it. All of this only threw more fuel on the fire that something is happening here.
RELATED: Britney Spears Shares Behind-the-Scenes Workout Video
Thanks to the Pop University blog — listen to their podcast segment here — they got the inside information from Timbaland themselves when they went and saw them at a taping of Boy Band on ABC.
“During a break, the duo ran up to them and started chanting ‘JUSTNEY'…They explain that at first, Tim thought they were saying the word “JUSTIN.” That's when they made things crystal clear: ‘JUST-NEY,' ‘JUST-NEY' they shouted. Their eyes widen when they realize what we're saying, the ladies recall. ‘He turns their head slightly to the side because they know exactly what we're saying, and he's like ‘oh it's coming.'”
They then shouted “JUSTIN, AND BRITNEY, AND YOU” to make sure and they said “Yes…It's coming!” Now this information can't exactly be confirmed — they could've been messing with the girls, who knows — so take it with a grain of salt. Britney has been confusing on if they would in fact collaborate with Justin.
Let's just all pray there is some truth to this story!
Notable names, including the daughter of business person and philanthropist Warren Buffett and possibly the magnate himself, will be in San Diego Saturday for the commissioning of the U.S. Navy's newest littoral combat ship (LCS), USS Omaha.
USS Omaha will be the 11th LCS and the sixth Independent-variant to enter the Navy's fleet when it is officially commissioned at the noon ceremony on Broadway Pier. The LCS will be homeported at Naval Base San Diego.
At the commissioning ceremony, philanthropist Susie Buffett, USS Omaha's sponsor, will give the first order to "man our ship and bring them to life" in one of the Navy's most time-honored traditions, U.S. Navy said. The ceremony will also feature a principle address from former Nebraska senator and Medal of Honor recipient Joseph Robert "Bob" Kerry.
The Omaha World-Herald newspaper, owned by Berkshire Hathaway, reported that Warren Buffett was expected to attend the ceremony. Warren Buffett serves as chairperson and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway.
Warren Buffet is an Omaha native. In a statement to CNBC, Susie Buffett said they are honored to serve as the sponsor for a Naval ship named after their hometown.
"I'm honored to serve as the sponsor of the USS Omaha. We hope to create a lasting bond between Omaha, Nebraska and the men and women who will serve on this magnificent ship," Susie Buffett told CNBC.
The ship is the fourth to be named after Nebraska's largest city. Several of the state's prominent leaders are expected to attend the commissioning ceremony, according to the Omaha World-Herald.
The 2,300-ton vessel will be lead by Commander Michael Toth, an Ohio Native, and manned by a team of 70 Navy sailors, the U.S. Navy said.
USS Omaha was built in Mobile, Alabama, where Susie Buffett formally christened the ship with a bottle of bubbly in 2015. The Naval ship cost about $440 million to build, CNBC reported.
USS Omaha conducted trials last month in the Gulf of Mexico, CNBC reported. It made a fuel stop at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay before transiting through the Panama Canal and to its homeport of San Diego.
As an LCS, USS Omaha is meant to be fast and agile and was designed to operate in near-shore environments, the U.S. Navy said. The ship, powered by two gas turbine engines, will conduct missions of maritime security, sea control and deterrence. The U.S. Navy said the ship has the ability to take on coastal threats such as submarines, mines and swarming small craft.
The U.S. Navy said the commissioning ceremony will be streamed online here. The stream is expected to begin at 12 p.m. Saturday.
The beauty industry is a billion-dollar world that has made many celebrities, beauty bloggers and influencers very rich, however it is largely dominated by women. Rapper Rick Ross is hoping to change that with their new men's grooming line, RICH.
Rick Ross' beard-centric beauty line RICH uses champagne and caviar extracts 🍾 https://t.co/rtXU5mAjEJ pic.twitter.com/tvzCi7tUIj — Complex Music (@ComplexMusic) April 24, 2018
Rick Ross wants men to look their best and keep their beards looking as luxurious as his, courtesy of the launch of their new men's grooming line called RICH, reports Complex. When it comes to #BeardGang representation, few are as recognized and praised as Rick Ross himself. Now, the rapper wants to take the men's grooming section of the beauty market to new heights—one beard at a time.
Via Complex:
Rick Ross is starting their own beauty line with a beard-centric focus. Da Boss has, inarguably, the greatest beard in the game, which lends them some credence when it comes to this new business endeavor. In an era where rappers are eager to diversify their incomes wherever they can, without losing credibility, this seems like a smart move on Ross' part—particularly when there's so much money in the beauty industry.
According to ‘The Cut,' this nine-piece RICH collection will also cater the rapper's base, and not to those whom the company's name might apply to, as the products will cost between $12.99 and $15.99 each. Ross apparently designed this collection with men like them in mind, wanting to offer a set of items most helpful in grooming the often-untenable facial hair we sport. RICH will essentially be comprised of beard oil, shampoo, conditioner, hair and body wash, styling gel, shaving cream, aftershave balm, pomade, and styling wax. This seems like a rather all-encompassing group of assorted items without any glaring pieces left out.
The element Ross hopes will make this pop—aside from their name being attached—is that each product will contain a hemp-seed, champagne and caviar extract oil. Naturally, Rozay is calling this “the boss experience,” and frankly, I'd probably check this out before any other alternative not featuring this magical oil the next time I need to buy some beard products.
Fans of Ross, and those just generally curious to sample the product, won't have to wait too long to get their hands on it. The RICH collection, is set to hit stores with a limited supply in May, before it becomes available in July nationally at Sally Beauty Supply— both in-stores and online.
Check out today's Top Stories here:
Toronto Driver Officially Charged With Murder After Killing 10 Pedestrians
Issa Rae Teams Up With BET To Find New Talent For TV Series
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
This video shows how a Fi-Bar 50,000 filament tow, once converted, has the unique characteristic of being able to withstand about 3,000 degrees Celsius without completely burning up. Plain carbon fiber would not have been able to withstand such a demonstration, likely failing in the first few seconds.
Movie Synopsis:
It is a story that resonates for a generation of Ukrainian women - working in a foreign land to build a better future for their family back home. However, where there may be financial rewards, the personal costs may be high. Ukrainian woman, Darynka is returning home after several years working in Italy. They left for Italy to find work to support their family in Bukovina in the central Eastern Carpathians of Ukraine. That work involves taking care of a wealthy Italian lawyer and their elderly mother. It is a lonely existence, they are totally dependent on their employers, the elderly woman treats them with disdain and the work is round the clock. The money offers their family an opportunity to escape the otherwise grinding poverty that would have marked their lives. It funds a new house, destined to be accommodation for visitors to this part of the Carpathian Mountains, their husband is building it, however they are doing it casually and slowly. However, while they were earning money abroad them family.
A new sign will soon welcome visitors to downtown Las Vegas (Carolyn Goodman / Twitter).
A brightly lit neon sign will soon illuminate the roadway to downtown on Las Vegas Boulevard.
The colorful signage pays tribute to vintage Vegas with flashing neon lights and retro-style double arches while honoring the new City of Las Vegas logo. The $60,000 project was discussed during Wednesday night's Las Vegas City Council meeting. According to the agenda item, it is one step closer to receiving approval from the Public Works Director.
If approved, the sign will be located at 1830 South Las Vegas Boulevard near South Main Street where the current 'Welcome to Downtown Las Vegas' sign currently sits.
Mayor Carolyn Goodman tweeted about the sign Wednesday morning.
The sign will be funded through the General Fund, according to the City Council's agenda.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
They may have proved their singing prowess with hits such as "Pani da rang", "Nazm nazm" and "Mitti di khushboo", but playing the role of a blind musician in their next film was not easy for Ayushmann Khurrana.
The actor said they were drawn towards the film, being helmed by Sriram Raghavan, as music is an integral part of their real and reel life. "It was not easy (to play this role). I know music, I can play guitar, but learning piano from scratch... I had given a lot of time to learn it," Khurrana told PTI.
They said that Raghavan, who is directing them for the first time, believes in doing impromptu things and that made things even tougher.
"Sriram sir demands a lot from their actors. They will give you a situation and the milieu and ask you to react on it, and that is quite amazing. I am from the theatre background and so it was fun," they added.
For the first time Ayushmann will be seen doing action sequences on-screen and calling the experience "crazy", the actor said they are waiting for the audience's reaction on the same.
"It was tough as it is something new that I am trying. It was a crazy ride. I am anxious as well as excited about the film."
Aishwarya Rai Is On A Roll; Might Be Seen Opposite Shahid In Woh Kaun Thi Remake
Khurrana is part of another project - "Badhaai Ho" - opposite "Dangal" famed actor Sanya Malhotra.
"My brother and Sanya share a good bonding as they worked together on 'Dangal'. I remember meeting them on the sets of 'Dangal', they had short hair, looked very different.  They are a great performer. I remember shooting an ad film with them in the past."
"She has started from scratch and today whatever they have achieved in their career, it is on their own," they said praising their co-star.
"Badhaai Ho", directed by Amit Sharma, who had earlier helmed Arjun Kapoor's "Tevar", is about a family getting affected due to some unexpected news.
"It is something really different. It has a quirky one-liner which I can't reveal at the moment," Ayushmann added.
Credits - PTI
The Mattapoisett Public Health Nurse Amanda Stone will be representing our community at Stand Down for Veterans in Boston on September 8.
Amanda will be providing much-needed foot care to homeless and “at risk” veterans.
Amanda is looking to bring with them from our community donations of clean white cotton socks to support the group's “A Pair and a Spare” program that provides two pairs of socks to each veteran who receives foot care at the event.
Mattapoisett, Marion, and Rochester residents wishing to donate clean white cotton socks may leave them at the Veterans' Office at the Mattapoisett Town Hall.
For additional information, please contact Amanda Stone at 508-758-4118.
CHICAGO – Doug McDermott scored 20 points, All-Star Jimmy Butler had 19 points and 12 assists in their return to the lineup, and the Chicago Bulls continued their mastery over the Toronto Raptors in a 105-94 victory on Tuesday night.
Taj Gibson had 14 points and Rajon Rondo added 12 to help the Bulls beat the Raptors for the 11th straight time. Toronto's last win in the series was Dec. 31, 2013.
Chicago led by as many as 23 points and never trailed in the final three quarters to snap a three-game skid.
Kyle Lowry scored 22 points to lead the Raptors, who lost their third straight and fell one-half game behind idle Atlanta for the No. 4 seed in the Eastern Conference. DeMar DeRozan was limited to 18 points – 10 below their season average. They were whistled for their second technical found in the final minute and ejected from the game.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
After the successful release of their last single “Owo” Ft. Reminisce.
The Gallant Imprint signed Duo “Ceesky” releases visuals to their previously released single “Say Dat” shot by Seun Williams.
This video is guaranteed a must to watch!!
Ceesky – “SAY DAT”
The post VIDEO: Ceesky – “SAY DAT” appeared first on tooXclusive.
European fintech deals hit 5-year high in 2016
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
U.S. residents paid Uncle Sam an average of $8,943 per person in federal income, payroll and estate taxes in 2016.
A look at how the District of Columbia and the states rank in per capita federal taxes:
1. District of Columbia: $36.569
2. Delaware: $16.322
3. Minnesota: $14.624
4. Massachusetts: $14.516
5. Connecticut: $13.773
6. New Jersey: $12.852
7. New York: $11.758
8. Illinois: $10.814
9. Ohio: $10.735
10. Maryland: $10.455
11. Rhode Island: $10.316
12. Washington: $9.669
13. Nebraska: $9.566
14.California: $9.305
15. Pennsylvania: $9.179
16. Colorado: $9.030
17. Missouri: $8.986
18. North Dakota: $8.621
19. Louisiana: $8.490
20. Tennessee: $8.481
21. South Dakota: $8.398
22. Florida: $8.366
23. Virginia: $8.323
24. Arkansas: $8.318
25. New Hampshire: $8.180
26. Wisconsin: $8.115
27. Texas: $7.858
28. Indiana: $7.694
29. Kansas: $7.676
30. Michigan: $7.405
31. Oregon: $7.268
32. Georgia: $7.211
33. Alaska: $7.171
34. North Carolina: $7.133
35. Wyoming: $7.128
36. Iowa: $7.026
37. Kentucky: $6.848
38. Vermont: $6.728
39. Nevada: $6.372
40. Utah: $6.291
41. Oklahoma: $5.803
42. Idaho: $5.769
43. Hawaii: $5.505
44. Montana: $5.504
45. Arizona: $5.446
46. Maine: $5.432
47. Alabama: $4.874
48. South Carolina: $4.685
49. New Mexico: $4.032
50. Mississippi: $3.901
51. West Virginia: $3.616
___
Sources: IRS, Census Bureau.
Fallon County has contracted with Western Municipal Construction, LLC. to clean up and dredge the Baker Lake. Work began this week.
By Angel Wyrwas
Fallon County has contracted with Western Municipal Construction, LLC. to clean up and dredge the Baker Lake. Work began this week. Construction activities will include the removal of debris, excavation of material and hauling of materials.
Lake View Drive and the lake sidewalk will be closed near the southeast corner of the lake. This area will be fenced off and remain closed for the duration of the project. Due to the nature of the construction, no traffic shall be allowed through these areas and parking in the construction zone is prohibited.
“For safety reasons we are asking that people do not go near or onto the lake bed during this process,” said Jason Rittal, Fallon County Development Advisor. “People are welcome to drive into Iron Horse or Triangle Park to watch the construction if they wish. There are parking areas in both parks.”
A road has been constructed from the lake, through the field east of the lake that connects to the Coral Creek Road. 500,000 cubic yards of material are estimated to be removed from the lake during this process. This amount equals approximately 30,000 truckloads that will be hauled to the landfill as well as land near the landfill. “The Coral Creek Road will have a high volume of truck traffic throughout construction,” said Rittal. “Please obey all traffic signs and use extreme caution if you have to go to the landfill.”
Crews will be working between the hours of 7 a.m.-7 p.m., Monday through Saturday. Estimated date of completion of this project is June 1, 2018.
1. Oregon is back: On Wednesday, Oregon put the nation on notice.
The Ducks rallied late to knock off No. 2 UCLA on Matt Court thanks Dillon Brooks, Eugene's resident all-american, hitting a game-winning three with 0.7 seconds left. Two nights later, with No. 22 USC coming to town, Brooks looked every bit the part of an all-american, as they scored 28 points on 10 shots, hitting all four of their threes as the Ducks steam-rolled the Trojans, who had entered Friday night undefeated.
That was Oregon's statement, their warning to the rest of the country that their early season struggles and health issues were behind them.
I was as high as anyone on the Ducks back in September, but I was in the same boat as everyone else after they lost to Baylor and lost to Georgetown and struggled to beat the likes of Boise State and Alabama and UConn. I wasn't going to believe in the Ducks as a title contender until they proved they can be a title contender.
They did that this weekend.
Which means that I'm back on board.
2. The ACC was really weird this weekend: And it doesn't look like that is going to change anytime soon.
Let's start with the obvious: Each of the top four teams in the league took a loss during the first week of conference play. No. 6 Louisville lost at home to No. 12 Virginia, who proceeded to lose at home to No. 20 Florida State. No. 5 Duke got blown out at Virginia Tech, a lot that should tell you there are more issues in Durham than just Grayson Allen's tripping problems. No. 9 North Carolina lost at Georgia Tech, who, along with Boston College, were supposed to be the league's bottom-feeders this season.
Should I mention that Boston College blew out Syracuse on Sunday?
And frankly, this is probably going to be the norm in that conference this season. The teams we all thought were going to struggle to win more than a couple of league games, Boston College and Georgia Tech, both look much more dangerous than they did a month ago. Duke, the juggernaut that was supposed to truck-stick everyone opponent they faced, is clearly at a crossroads of their season. UNC, UVA and Louisville all have flaws. Florida State and Notre Dame are beatable.
The kicker? There are 12 teams in the league that are good enough to push for an at-large berth. It's the most cliché piece of coach-speak there is, but there are no easy games or off-nights in the ACC this season.
RELATED: Player of the Week | Team of the Week | Five Takeaways
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Stitcher and Audioboom
3. Is Louisville the best team in the league?: I know this sounds crazy five days after Louisville got embarrassed at home by Virginia, but the thing to remember with Louisville is that Virginia is just about the worst possible matchup for them. Styles make fights in college hoops, and what Louisville does well gets taken away by what Virginia is the best in the country at.
And considering that, in the last two weeks, Louisville sandwiched that loss to Virginia with a win over Kentucky and a win over Indiana in Indiana, it's hard to ignore the fact that this team is peaking. Quentin Snider played the best game of their career in the win over Kentucky. Donovan Mitchell played the best game of their career in the win over the Hoosiers. Deng Adel was very good in both. The early-season struggles of those three players is why there are doubts about the Cardinals.
Should I mention that as Louisville is starting to peak, Duke is a mess and North Carolina is losing to Georgia Tech?
Honestly, I think the correct answer is that there isn't a “best team in the ACC”, but Louisville has as good of a chance to win the regular season title as anyone.
4. The Big Ten was weird this weekend, too: It wasn't quite as weird as the ACC was, but after the first week's worth of Big Ten games it's pretty clear that the league is going to be tougher to peg than we thought. It starts with Nebraska, who entered league play having lost six of their last eight games and who will enter next week having won at Indiana and at Maryland, two teams that look like they'll be in the NCAA tournament in March. Then there is Minnesota, who had a 12-1 record during non-conference play and proceeded to lose to an under-manned Michigan State team at home in overtime before beating No. 15 Purdue on the road in overtime.
Wisconsin is quiet clearly the best team in the Big Ten, but before this weekend, I think most observers would have told you that Purdue and Indiana aren't all that far behind the Badgers. Maybe that's wrong.
5. Is it time to start calling Villanova the favorite to win it all?: Our Travis Hines was in Omaha for that game and penned an excellent column on this very subject. I won't totally repeat it here, but I will say this: The freshmen at Duke, Kentucky and UCLA have been as hyped as any freshmen class in recent memory; rightfully so, those dudes are awesome. Baylor has been celebrated because of the fact that no one saw this coming. North Carolina is North Carolina and played the most entertaining game of the year in the most watched game of the year against Kentucky.
And all the while, Villanova just keeps winning.
Yes, they're the reigning champs. Yes, they have a National Player of the Year favorite on their roster. Yes, they're No. 1 in both polls.
But they never seem to be the trendy team, the popular pick to win it all, the favorite among the “experts” in this business. It may be time to change that, because if Villanova's win at No. 10 Creighton taught us anything, it's that know team in the country understands how to win better than the Wildcats. They're cool, calm and collected in pressure moments. They don't rush. They don't panic. They don't force shots.
They execute.
They just win.
Watch Video for “Babaloke” by Efe feat. Oritsefemi
Big Brother Naija 2017 winner Efe has released the visuals for their Oritsefemi-assisted track Babaloke.
The video was directed by Avalon Okpe and it is a “story-driven visual of love, greed, forgiveness, gratitude and kindness to one's enemies.”
Watch video below:
﻿
The post Watch Video for “Babaloke” by Efe feat. Oritsefemi appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Donald Trump speaks about the ongoing situation in Charlottesville, Va., at Trump National Golf Club, Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, in Bedminster, N.J. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
HARRISBURG, Pa. — Nearly half the students at a high school in Pennsylvania's capital city have been given suspension notices for missing too much class time.
Pennlive.com reports that officials at Harrisburg High School gave the notices to 500 students on Monday as part of a crackdown by the school's new principal. Officials say the students accumulated too many unexcused absences.
At least 100 students served one-day suspensions on Tuesday. School officials are working with the parents of other students and say many parents have provided documentation to explain the absences.
Principal Lisa Love says students often come to school but then skip class, instead loitering in hallways and other parts of the large school. They say they needed to do something “radical” to get students' attention.
China penalises 6.7m ‘debtors' with travel ban
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
New crowd control measures were announced Friday by City National Arena after fans continuously pack the stands to watch the Vegas Golden Knights' practice on the ice.
Golden Knights' practices are now limited to a first-come, first-admitted basis, according to a statement released by City National Arena's communication team. For safety reason, fans will no longer be admitted into the arena once capacity has been reached.
“The support from our local fan base in Las Vegas has been incredible all season long and our free and open practices at City National Arena have been a huge hit,” said Vegas Golden Knights President Kerry Bubolz. “We have consistently had capacity crowds at our practices throughout the year and this interest has continued to grow since our playoff run. Safety is a top priority and these capacity measures are necessary to ensure all guests enjoy a safe, fun fan experience during Golden Knights practices.”
The Golden Knights' practices will remain free for fans.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Models during a photoshoot. Picture: SUPPLIED
FIJI Fashion Week (FJFW) will mark its 10th year an­n­iversary this year with the first Pacific Island Re­s­ort Show featuring 11 de­­signers from 10 Pacific Island countries, elevati­ng the event to a regional stage on May 25.
The event will feature designers from the Cook Islands, Fiji, Guam, Hawaii, New Caledonia, PNG, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tahiti, Tonga and organisers are still awaiting confirmation from New Zealand.
FJFW managing director Ellen Whippy-Knight said the idea was to launch Pacific Island fashion week in Fiji and plans were in progress to hold a similar event on an annual basis in Australia from next year.
"We are focusing on presentation, style, print and on the business of fashion," they said. "This is the first time to have 11 designers from 10 different countries including Fiji and we didn't have to struggle to get that. Designers were just waiting to be asked and the response was immediate which just goes to show the timing is absolutely right for what FJFW has been nurturing since 2008."
Ticket prices range from $5 to $70 and can be purchased at MHCC, Suva.
FJFW will start on May 22 at the Vodafone Arena.
Black valedictorian couldn't give their speech. The mayor let them speak at city hall
The first black valedictorian of a Rochester, New York charter school wasn't allowed to give a speech at their graduation. So the mayor let Jaisaan Lovett deliver their speech at city hall and posted it to the city's YouTube channel.
Audio for the Prayer Closet is currently unavailable. We will have it made available as soon as possible. We apologize for the inconvenience.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
It's been a bad year for Carmelo Anthony . The NBA all-star won't see a championship ring, is facing trade talks from Knicks bossand, now, might be looking at the end of their marriage to wife La La Anthony
According to TMZ , the couple have separated after more than 13 years together. Reports say the disastrous NBA season for Melo was a big factor in the split. “The current NBA season has been extremely stressful on the marriage for several months,” a source tells the site, adding that La La has moved out of the family home into their own NYC pad, but that the parents to 10-year-oldare keeping things very amicable.
Sounds like a lot is changing in Melo's life these days, with their future as a Knick highly uncertain. Team president Phil Jackson even said publicly in recent weeks that Melo might benefit from a “change of scenery” and might be “better off somewhere else.” Harsh.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Saul Loeb/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Despite sustaining an injury at Wednesday morning's shooting at a GOP congressional baseball team practice in northern Virginia, Rep. Chuck Fleischmann told ABC News that they would be joining their fellow lawmakers to play in Thursday's annual charity game.
“We're all Americans. We all love this country. And I hope that, out of this tragedy, we can actually bring together some unity, some common ground,” the Tennessee Republican told ABC News anchor David Muir.
Five people, including the gunman, who was killed, and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana, were shot in Wednesday's attack. The lawmakers were practicing in Alexandria's Del Ray neighborhood in Virginia. Fleischmann injured their right hand as they desperately tried to avoid being shot.
Fleischmann told the World News Tonight anchor that they were preparing to leave the baseball field after practice when they heard “one, single, loud pop.”
“I didn't realize at first it was a gunshot,” they said. “Very shortly thereafter there was a barrage of shots. It was sickening. It was saddening. And there were a lot of shots — easily 30 to 50, maybe more.”
Fleischmann said they immediately got on the ground and ended up in the dugout. That's where they and others were hurt as everyone dove into the dugout to avoid the gunfire.
They told Muir that they later found out that the suspect, identified by authorities later today as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, had actually passed them at one point.
Authorities said police returned fire on Hodgkinson. They later died at a hospital from their injuries.
“I was very fortunate not to have been shot,” Fleischmann said. “The Capitol Police did a tremendous job. … It's just a very, very sad day.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
KOL230 | Yale Political Union Debate: Resolved: IP Should Be Abolished!
Kinsella on Liberty Podcast, Episode 230.
This is my own audio recording of my debate on IP at the Yale Political Union (Facebook) on Tues., Dec. 5, 2017. My opponent was attorney Candice Cook. My initial argument begins at 0:04:40, followed by some Q&A, and my closing argument begins at 1:42:20. I can't say I recommend listening to the comments of others, as none of my arguments were really addressed and the arguments given are pretty incoherent—the arguments for IP were rooted in confused utilitarianism and even the arguments against IP were mostly rooted in anti-property socialistic assumptions.
As expected, I lost the debate, by vote of the students, by a vote of about 2:1. Admittedly, it doesn't sound too bad to get 1/3, when not even all libertarians have the right view on IP, but it's worse than that: many of those who voted with me voted against IP for socialistic, anti-property reasons. Everyone is so confused about this topic. I knew this would be the case, I knew it would basically impossible, hopeless, to persuade mainstream left-socialistic types in a short talk of a radical position that rests upon having a sound view of property rights.
So I went ahead, giving up hope on the audience, and laid out a systematic argument against IP based the nature of human action, human interaction, and property rights. A systematic, if compressed, argument, that could possibly resonate with some open-minded people someday listening to the recording via this podcast. Thus, my initial presentation was a very condensed (15-20 minutes) but very fundamental explanation of the nature of property rights and why intellectual property is totally incompatible with property rights. Even though I knew it would be a hard sell with Yale undergrads.
As can be heard from the “hissing” (their version of booing) whenever anything pro-private-property or capitalistic was mentioned, and from the comments of some of the student political group leaders, there was a good deal of explicit Marxism and socialism among the student. But it was fun nonetheless and they were very civil and respectful.
Video of the debate available here and embedded below.
(I spoke on IP before a smaller student group back in 2014—see KOL151 | Yale Speech: Balancing Intellectual Property Rights and Civil Liberties: A Libertarian Perspective.)
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – A new Fisher House is set to break ground at the Dayton VA Medical Center. The $6.5 M building will be two stories, 16 bedrooms, and 13,500 sq. ft
The structure of the construction contact is such that they'll be working 16 hours a day to get it done, said Chris Stanley, executive director of the Fisher-Nightingale Houses.
They said it is an aggressive timeline, but they hope to break ground in early July. They thanked some significant donations to help get the ball rolling on this project.
“We help a lot of families,” said Stanley. They said military families come from all over the world for treatment here at home.
“Doesn't matter if they're active duty, guard, reserve, retired or a veteran, and it doesn't matter what branch of service,” they said. “Last year we took care of 1,041 families alone at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, and we've helped over 20,000 families in the last 27 years.”
At the end of the month will be their big, annual fundraiser. The 2017 All-American Evening will be Saturday, April 29 at the National Museum of the United States Air Force.
Tickets are $85. There will be an all-you-can-eat gourmet buffet, beer and wine tasting, sodas and entertainment.
Money goes to support the Dayton Fisher Houses. Stanley said the event raises about 25-30% of their annual budget.
KINSTON, N.C. (WNCT) – An injunction issued from a North Carolina Superior Court Judge has allowed sweepstakes businesses to operate once again in the state.
Superior Court Judge Ebern Watson issued the injunction on behalf of Sandhill Amusements Inc. and Gift Surplus LLC, who were challenging a law the General Assembly passed several years ago that banned the sweepstakes businesses.
The injunction prohibits any law enforcement in the state from enforcing that law.
“Anytime a superior court judge gets involved or gives the order, it's to be carried out statewide,” said Major Ryan Dawson with the Lenoir County Sheriff's Office.
In 2014, Lenoir County District Attorney Matt Delbridge determined sweepstakes were operating in violation of the state law, and informed the ALE that all sweepstakes businesses in the county be closed.
But with the recent injunction, Maj. Dawson said their hands are tied.
“You never know the true constitutionality of a law until it goes through the court system,” they said.
When lawmakers were debating the issue, safety was among one of the concerns with sweepstakes businesses, many of which operated late into the night.
In Lenoir County, one sweepstakes shop, the Bonus Spins Internet Cafe, was robbed at gunpoint on August 2 just after 11 p.m.
Some in the area fear that could be them next time.
“I thought if they could rob them, they could come down here to get us,” said Janice Lassister, who lives down the street from Bonus Spins.
Lawmakers are also frustrated with the injunction. In a statement, Pitt County Rep. Greg Murphy said:
“While this issue predated my tenure in the Legislature, I fully support the process that led to the passage of this law. At present the issue is tied up in the courts which frustrates law enforcement as to what actions, if any, to take regarding the legality of internet sweepstakes. I would hope that the judiciary would expedite their decision making process so as to provide clarity for everyone on the enforcement of this statute.”
WNCT reached out to Judge Watson's office, but was told they could not comment on an ongoing case.
A controversy is brewing in the San Diego Unified School District for a new email retention policy change, set to start in July. NBC 7's Rory Devine has the story.
Beginning July 1, the San Diego Unified School District has announced it will no longer keep emails longer than six months and employees are responsible for retaining any emails that need to be saved on a local computer drive.
The change, according to the district, is part of a long-term strategy to save money and is in preparation of putting out a request for proposal (RFP) for new servers this fall. SDUSD's Executive Director of Internet Technology, Greg Ottinger, could not provide an exact number of what the cost savings would be but said they expect it to be in the millions.
According to Ottinger, the district fields more than 60 million emails a year, which they said is “exceptional” for a district the size of San Diego Unified.
“We store data about where we are going to go to lunch later with the same protocols as a parent concerned,” Ottinger said. “Unless we make a change, we're going to have to spend significantly more taxpayer dollars on bigger and bigger storage pieces versus redirecting those dollars toward the classroom.”
In San Diego, the release of emails has helped shed light on illegal activities, including the investigation into the actions of now former SDUSD board member Marne Foster.
In December of 2015, the district launched an investigation into Foster who was accused of abuse of power. The San Diego County District Attorney's office also investigated. Ultimately, Foster pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor and as part of the plea deal resigned from the school board.
“In fact, Marne Foster was indicted in large part because of PRAs,” local attorney Felix Tinkov, who has sued the district for access to public records, said. “Having the public have the opportunity to know how the government operates in a transparent fashion is important.”
Photos Shooting at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
Tinkov said the Foster case is a good example of why it is important to keep records for an extended period of time and the district's new policy is a transparency problem in the making.
“What it really does is simply shrinks that down to a six month period and that's a real problem,” Tinkov said.
Currently, any member of the public can ask for information, like emails under what is called the California Public Records Act. It is used to hold the government and it employees and entities acting on its behalf accountable.
Other public agencies in San Diego have taken steps to change their retention policies regarding emails. The policies vary from agency to agency with some keeping emails for a few months and others for two years.
Under the district's new policy, e-mails will be permanently deleted after six months unless they are flagged by employees to be saved. Other documents produced by the district, like student records, budgets and business operations will continue to be saved permanently as required under the California Education Code.
Section 35253 of that code, does provide “the governing board of the district” to destroy records according to regulations the Superintendent puts in place if the destruction of the records is not prohibited by law.
According to the district, it will be giving employees guidelines about what to save to their local drives and what to delete through new administrative procedures that will be implemented on July 1. Those procedures will then be ratified by the School Board at a public meeting shortly after, according to the district.
A representative with the teachers union told NBC 7 Investigates it understands the district's need to make a policy change, but it would prefer the emails be kept for one year rather than six months. The representative also said the union would like the policy to take effect in September rather than July providing teachers more time to adjust to the change, especially given many will be on summer break.
in addition to relieving the burden on the district's servers, the email retention policy change is also going to help increase its response time to public records requests by eliminating the need to search through all of them, according to the district.
Click here to read the full statement from SDUSD.
As outlined in an email from the SDUSD IT department, right now, “emails are searchable and may be accessed for several years after they have been sent/read/deleted.”
Under the new policy, according to the department, “emails will be permanently deleted from the system after six months.”
Right now, according to the IT department email, “employees must delete email items and empty the trash for email to be permanently deleted.”
With the new policy, “emails will no longer be available after six months,” the IT email reads.
“If we lose those records, we lose all the insight into what happens into employee relations,” Tinkov said. “We lose insight into parent-teacher relations, student and teacher interaction, all those things are kept in emails that are maybe a little informally written but they are still chock full of information for the public.”
A French woman, who is serving a seven-month prison sentence for entering Iraq illegally,after an appeal court's decision that they will be retried on terror charges.
Mélina Boughedir, 27, is to be retried on 2 May, the Baghdad appeal court announced on Tuesday, after deciding that they knew their husband was going to join the Islamic State (IS) armed group when they came into the country.
Iraqi law allows the death penalty for membership of a "terrorist organisation", even for non-combatants and it was handed down to seven Turks and five Azeris on Tuesday.
Boughedir was jailed for seven months for illegal entry in February.
They were arrested in the northern city of Mosul in February along with their four kids, three of whom have been repatriated to France.
Since the beginning of the year 280 foreigners have been condemned to death or life imprisonment in Iraq.
French national Djamila Boutoutaou was jailed for life on 17 April for belonging to IS, despite their claims to have been tricked by their husband.
2:01
What does ‘home' mean in Arroyo Grande? AGHS grads' play tells the story
1:09
With 'Stuff the Bus,' United Way helps kids prepare for a new school year in SLO County
1:56
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
National Focus for Tuesday June 13, 2017 with Lourianne Graham Carter and Creole Highlights with Shaakira Pierre. In the headlines .. Over $7.45 Million for Road Reconstruction in Layou and Laudat, Dominica Hosts Cohort 10 of Caribbean Leadership Project, and Development of Campbell/Despor Road to Could Serve as National Emergency Exit.
China's debt explosion
Opening the credit floodgates saved the Chinese economy after the global financial crisis, but can the government wean the country off its debt dependence?
Demi Lovato Is About To Spill Some Serious Tea On Them New Album
She's been going off on Twitter!
Demi Lovato has vowed to reveal ‘the shocking truth' on their upcoming studio album.
The 25-year-old, who has ben pretty feisty on social media lately, went on a bit of a rant earlier this week.
Demi Lovato Defends Them Sobriety After 'Photoshopped' Pic Emerges
That no makeup makeup A post shared by Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) onMay 8, 2018 at 2:13pm PDT
Taking to Twitter, they wrote: “There's nothing like the truth. The honest to God, uncomfortable and shocking truth. Sometimes you have to share your story in the most honest way possible... for me that's through music.
“I'll share my truth soon.
There's nothing like the truth. The honest to God, uncomfortable and shocking truth. Sometimes you have to share your story in the most honest way possible... for me that's through music — Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) May 29, 2018
“Some of you may not like or understand my truth but it's me.. take it or leave it.”
They added: “Sometimes you have to end an era to begin talking about a new chapter of your life.”
Ohhh, snap!
We're ready and waiting for the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, Demi.
Judges not cause of cases delay in courts – CJN – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A quirky and hazardous corner of British public finance
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Police are hunting two female robbers who were caught on CCTV raiding a post office armed with a knife and a meat cleaver.
The masked thugs forced their way into the shop at 10pm on June 4 by using a metal milk crate to jam open the shutters.
They burst into the branch on Haunch Lane, Kings Heath, Birmingham, before threatening terrified staff.
The women, wearing jeans and black hooded jacket, then snatched handfuls of notes from the two tills before fleeing.
West Midlands Police released shocking footage of the raiders clambering over the counter while appearing to hack at staff with their blades.
Detective Constable David Cockbill, who is leading the investigation, said: “No injuries were reported despite the use of weapons.
“However, the staff members have understandably been left very shaken by what happened.
“We take all incidents of this nature seriously and we are doing all we can to trace those involved.
“As part of the investigation we've examined CCTV and audio of the incident and we are confident the two suspects are female.
“We have chosen to release the clip to the public in a bid to help us identify the two people responsible.
“I would ask anyone with information to contact Crimestoppers as soon as possible.”
Category: News
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami) – There is a new report out Tuesday night about President Donald Trump's campaign and the communication staffers appear to have had with Russian officials.
The New York Times article states members of the Trump presidential campaign had repeated contact with senior Russian intelligence agents during campaign 2016.
This is coming to light as President Trump's national security advisor, Michael Flynn, was forced out because of their conversations with Russia's ambassador to the United States.
Flynn's forced resignation was, according to the White House, a matter of trust.
“We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue,” explained White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer. “Where the level of trust between the president and General Flynn had eroded to a point where they felt they had to make a change.”
In their resignation letter, Flynn said, in part:
“Unfortunately because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.”
The New York Times now reports Trump campaign officials had many contacts with Russian agents around the same time Russia hacked into the Democratic National Committee emails.
“I am 100 percent convinced that the Russian government, through their proxies and actual government officials, tried to interfere in the 2016 election,” said Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina.
Some in Congress are calling for an investigation into Russian hacking into the election as well into what Flynn told the Russian ambassador and why it took the president a month to fire Flynn.
“We want to know by what authority did Gen. Flynn have these conversations and who did they report to after that?” said Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-California.
Several senate Republicans are joining Democrats calling for an investigation.
“I think it's likely that Gen. Flynn will be at some point asked to come and talk to the committee about both post-election activities and any other activities that they would be aware of,” Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Missouri said.
We have yet to hear from Florida Sen. Marco Rubio. But there is word Tuesday night that President Trump will be hosting Rubio and their wife for dinner Wednesday night at the White House.
Flynn's dismissal dates back to Christmas Day when they called the Russian ambassador.
Three days later, Flynn called a second time.
The following day, the Obama administration announced sanctions against Russia and expelled 35 diplomats in retaliation for cyber-attacks on the Democratic National Committee.
Russian President Vladimir Putin did not retaliate, drawing praise from the president-elect on Twitter.
Two weeks later, Vice President Mike Pence was asked if Flynn discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador.
“Those conversations had nothing to do with those sanctions,” Pence said.
But on January 26, acting Attorney General Sally Yates informed the White House that Flynn lied about their phone calls. The president was briefed by White House lawyers that day.
Four days later, Yates was fired in a dispute over the president's travel ban.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — An 11-year-old boy is in the hospital after they were struck by a car outside of a school in Alexandria Tuesday afternoon.
According to Alexandria police, officers responded at 2:30 p.m. on May 29 to the call of a pedestrian hit by a car on Voyager Driver near Voyager Elementary School.
When officers arrived, they found the child being attended to by bystanders. They were treated and taken by ambulance to the Douglas County Hospital, and later transferred to Children's Hospital in Minneapolis.
The driver involved in the incident, a 23-year-old man from Alexandria, stopped and spoke with officers. Other witnesses spoke with police, too.
Police say it appears the child attempted to cross the road where there was no marked crosswalk.
The crash is under investigation.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A lot of kids like to pick out their own outfits and usually it doesn't go very well.
But, this week's Kylie's Kid has had a knack for style since they were little.
Narriah has an amazing sense of style. Now at 11-years-old, they are a full-on fashionista and she's bringing a little extra flare whether she's at school or in the hospital.
However, she's more than just an aspiring designer.
“I want this science kit. I like science,” Narriah said.
Them favorite subjects are math and science. Which is why they work so hard to go to school every day that they can. It's also why doctors at Children's Minnesota fight to keep them healthy enough for fifth grade.
“She misses a lot of school with just experiencing pain,” Narriah's mom said.
Narriah was born with Sickle Cell Anemia.
“It's extreme pain. It's pain that I couldn't even imagine going through,” Narriah's mom said.
Them red blood cells aren't shaped like everyone else's, which causes major health problems.
“She's had to have their spleen removed,” their mother explained.
She's also prone to strokes, which is why she's at Children's Minnesota every month for a blood transfusion.
“We have old blood that's in your tummy and we have to take it out, and then they give you new blood,” Narriah explained.
Narriah's monthly hospital visits have turned into their own playtime.
“It's fun because I get to watch TV, and I get to have visitors and I get to play games,” they said.
“The first three years I didn't even know if they were going to make it,” Narriah's mom said. “It's amazing to me because I know where they started.”
From a preemie, two pound baby to a strong and ambitious fifth-grader, nothing is getting in the way of Narriah and their dreams.
Starting a retail clothing business comes with a lot of risk and overhead. But there's slightly less risk if you can find a good brand to franchise with. There's a wide array of clothing franchise opportunities out there. Here are 10 options to consider.
Clothing Franchise Opportunities
Gap Inc.
Gap Inc. runs some of the most recognizable names in fashion retail, including the Gap, Old Navy, Athleta and Banana Republic. The company is expanding into select international markets through franchising, though it doesn't offer franchise opportunities in the U.S. or other countries where it has company run stores. You also need extensive business experience to be considered.
Plato's Closet
Plato's Closet is a chain of clothing stores that focus on gently used clothing that is still fashionable. The initial investment is between $150,000 and $500,000. And there are also opportunities for franchisees to invest in multiple locations.
Mainstream Boutique
Mainstream Boutique is a women's fashion brand that offers opportunities for franchisees who want to really connect with their customers and offer quality products. The initial franchise fee ranges from $18,000 to $35,000.
Once Upon a Child
Once Upon a Child is a chain of stores that sells gently used kids' clothing, toys and other children's items. Franchisees need a minimum of $75,000 in cash or liquid assets in order to get started.
Hometown Threads
Hometown Threads is a clothing business that lets customers order custom embroidery, monograms and other custom items. The company has a handful of franchise locations around the country and is currently accepting new franchisees.
Instant Imprints
Instant Imprints is another franchise business that offers custom apparel and similar products that can be used for promotional purposes, group outings and more. Franchisees must have at least $100,000 in liquid capital to get started.
Apricot Lane Boutique
Apricot Lane Boutique is a business that features fashion forward retail stores in shopping centers and high traffic areas. The initial franchise fee is $34,500 and it includes training, technology and a recognizable brand name.
Kid to Kid
Kid to Kid offers a resale franchise opportunity for those interested in owning a family friendly business. The company has plenty of prime territories available. And the initial investment ranges from $247,980 to $373,480.
Big Frog
Big Frog is a clothing franchise that offers custom t-shirts and more. The initial franchise fee is $39,500. And the company also requires franchisees to have about $50,000 on hand for working capital when starting out.
Pro Image Sports
Pro Image Sports is a franchise that sells officially licensed merchandise from professional sports teams, including jerseys and other apparel and accessories. The company charges $30,000 for its initial franchise fee, with a smaller fee for any additional stores.
FILE - This Jan. 14, 2015, file photo, shows El Capitan in Yosemite National Park, Calif. Two climbers have set a new speed record for ascending the famous Nose route of El Capitan, one of the world's most technical and dangerous verticals. Alex Honnold and their climbing partner Tommy Caldwell on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, raced up the nearly 90-degree, 2,900-foot precipice in 2 hours 10 minutes 15 seconds. Ben Margot, File AP Photo
A trend of cold mornings with warm afternoons will continue for the next week along with bright, sunny Tahoe days, according to the National Weather Service in Reno. Overnight lows will remain chilly with light winds. Moderate winds gusts will move into the region Sunday night into Monday.
Forecast | The long-term forecast is eying the next possible snow event moving into the region on Feb. 10. Follow Tahoe Weekly on Facebook to get the weekly Snow Report.
For information on the Tahoe Sierra's 16 downhill ski areas and 17 Nordic ski areas, check out Tahoe Weekly's annual ski guides:
Downhill Ski Guide & Nordic Ski Guide
Current conditions as of Feb. 2, 2018
Alpine Meadows | 21”-45” base
Auburn Ski Club (Nordic) | 8km groomed
Boreal | 32” base
Camp Richardson (Nordic) | Open
Clair Tappaan Lodge (Nordic) | Open
Diamond Peak | 12”-36” base
Donner Ski Ranch | Open
Granlibakken | 4” base
Heavenly | 33” base
Homewood | Up to 57”
Hope Valley Cross Country | Open
Kirkwood | 39” base
Kirkwood Cross Country | Open
Lake Tahoe Community College Nordic | Open
Mt. Rose | 22”-58”
Nevada Nordic | Opening TBA
Northstar | 49” base
Northstar Cross Country | Open
North Tahoe Regional Park | Open
Resort at Squaw Creek (Nordic) | Open
Royal Gorge (Nordic) | Open
Sierra-at-Tahoe | 40”-83” base
Soda Springs | 28” base
Squaw Valley | 18”-42” base
Sugar Bowl | 32”-56” base
Sugar Pine Point State Park (Nordic) | Open
Tahoe City Winter Sports Park | Open
Tahoe Donner | 30” base
Tahoe Donner Cross Country | 20” base
Tahoe Cross Country | Open
The Chief Operating Officer, Public and Private Development Centre (PPDC), Mrs Nkem Ilo, says Nigerians have right to request for information from public institutions in the country.
Ilo told newsmen in Abuja that Freedom of Information (FOI) Act allowed citizens to request for information and where it was denied to have recourse to the court.
They said it was in the mandate of PPDC to support individuals, civil society organizations and the like, to access information from public institutions.
“If you seek information from anyone and such information is not proactively disclosed, you can have recourse to court.
“I would like to tell people out there that if you have challenges with getting public information, write to PPDC to know how we can help you.
“I want to state that our resources which we provide are free to citizens and civil society organisations.
“We are also willing to provide technical support to civil service and public institutions to meet their mandates on FOI,” Ilo said.
According to her, the centre annually conducts ranking of public institutions based on their compliance to proactive and responsive disclosure of information.
They stated that the ranking had resulted to a rising competition as more public institutions proactively disclosed on their websites public expenditure information that would ordinarily not be there without a request.
Ilo said that services could only be effectively and efficiently used by citizens if the right contracts were being awarded and implemented according to specification.
They explained that the only way one's details of contract could be ascertained was through access to necessary information.
“For example, primary healthcare centres in Nigeria, there are lots of news about their ineffectiveness and inefficiency that some of them have been abandoned and are not equipped.
“The only way that can be verified is by requesting for information from National Primary Healthcare Development Agency.
“The moment you are armed with information using the FOI Act, you can check whether those contracts were properly awarded and how much was awarded.
“You can also check how equipped they are and how they have been contributing to the economic development of Nigeria,” they said.
The PPDC yesterday unveiled its 2017 Freedom of Information (FOI) compliance ranking for public servants and security sectors organisations.
The Bureau of Public Service Reforms (BPSR) was ranked first among 166 public institutions assessed, for its proactive and responsive compliance to information disclosure.
The Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC) and the Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) were ranked second and third.
Police Service Commission, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps and Nigerian Immigration Service placed first, second and third, respectively, in security organisations category.
Twelve security organisations were rated.
President Donald Trump walks from Marine One to board Air Force One at Morristown Municipal Airport, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017 in Morristown, N.J. Trump is traveling back to White House to sign an executive order at the White House and then later today travels to New York City. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
The Environment and Climate Change are Key Areas of Focus as Most Mission-Related Investors (Often Called Impact Investors) Intend to Increase These Allocations
BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Mission-related investing, which includes impact investing and environmental, social and governance (ESG) investing, is gaining significant momentum among non-profit institutional investors, according to a survey by global investment firm Cambridge Associates. The most common thematic focus among impact investors is the environment and climate change, with healthcare, housing, job creation, and education also cited as areas of interest by respondents in Mission-Related Investing: Current Practices and Views of Non-Profit Investors.
In a survey of 159 non-profit institutional investors around the globe, 31% say they're currently engaged in mission-related investing -- making investments designed to align with or advance institutional goals or values as well as provide financial returns. Of that group, 44% say they have increased their mission-related allocation over recent years, and 62% expect to grow their mission-related allocation in the coming five years. None of the institutions that currently make mission-related investments expect to decrease their allocations.
"This data confirms what we have observed among our clients over the past decade -- that mission and impact investing has gained significant traction, and that many of our mission-focused clients view it as a core investment discipline with plans to deepen their commitment over time," says Jessica Matthews, Managing Director at Cambridge Associates and head of the firm's Mission-Related Investing Practice, which works with institutions to design and implement their mission related investing programs.
The respondents to the survey, fielded in 2016, include foundations, colleges and universities, religious institutions and pensions around the world, including in the United States, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Switzerland and the UK.
Growth in Mission-Related Investing Driven Largely by Environmental and Climate Change Concerns
Overall, about three-quarters (74%) of nonprofit mission-related investors expect to increase investments to ESG and climate change-related investment strategies. Cambridge Associates found that more than three-quarters (76%) of colleges and universities that make mission-related investments either currently consider climate risk when making investment decisions (41%) or anticipate doing so in the future (35%). Among foundations, 30% already consider climate risks, and 30% anticipate doing so going forward.
Among MRI strategies, the largest portion of investors reported employing negative screens; however, the survey found that investors anticipate proactively seeking ESG and environment/climate change opportunities more so than negative screening going forward.�
Challenges and Opportunities for Implementing Mission-Related Investing Strategies
Non-profit mission-related investors say the biggest challenge in implementing their strategies is a lack of adequate mission-related investment options, followed by their own resource constraints.
"The good news for mission-related investors is that we're seeing a proliferation of ESG and impact investing strategies coming to market, so this product supply problem is becoming less of a barrier to entry over time," says Matthews. "Across asset classes, we track over 1,000 MRI funds in our manager databases, and that number has steadily increased since we started tracking the data in 2008. That said, manager diligence and selection is increasingly important in this space just as it is within any other investment strategy."
Matthews adds that an appropriate and well-constructed governance model -- including setting a well-defined investment policy -- can add to the success of an impact or mission-related investment program. "Institutions can lay the groundwork today that will help them arrive at better investing decisions in the future, regarding both risks and opportunities across the entire portfolio," they say.
"Colleges, universities, foundations and family offices are increasingly paving the way in implementing thoughtful mission-related investing programs," they add. "Investors are truly starting to recognize that social and environmental goals can be effectively integrated alongside their investment objectives."
For additional information and insights into the mission and origins of the Mission-Related Investing practice at Cambridge Associates, read an exclusive panelist Q&A featuring Jessica Matthews on The Economist's Impact Investing blog. Matthews is participating in a discussion titled "Seeking Impact: The Measurement Challenge" at today's The Economist's Impact Investing Conference in New York.
For more information, or to speak with Jessica Matthews, please contact Eric Mosher, Sommerfield Communications, at +1 (212) 255-8386 or eric@sommerfield.com.
Related Resources
About Cambridge Associates
Cambridge Associates is a global investment firm founded in 1973 that builds customized investment portfolios for institutional investors and private clients around the world. Working alongside its early clients, among them several leading universities, the firm pioneered the strategy of high equity orientation and broad diversification, which since the 1980s has been a primary driver of performance for these leading fiduciary investors. Cambridge Associates serves over 1,100 global investors -- primarily foundations and endowments, pensions and family offices -- and delivers a range of services, including outsourced investment (OCIO) solutions, traditional advisory services, and access to research and tools across global asset classes. Cambridge Associates has more than 1,300 employees -- including over 150 research staff -- serving its client base globally. The firm maintains offices in Arlington, VA; Boston; Dallas; Menlo Park and San Francisco, CA; London, UK; Singapore; Sydney; and Beijing. Cambridge Associates consists of five global investment consulting affiliates that are all under common ownership and control. For more information about Cambridge Associates, please visit www.cambridgeassociates.com.
The Trump Administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act, but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments – known as cost-sharing reduction payments – reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month-to-month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it's offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Obama, saying the payments are illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
Merck's drug failure deals further blow to Alzheimer's theory
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The FGCU baseball program survived the first two days of the Major League Baseball draft unscathed, but on day three, three Eagles were selected.
WASHINGTON — When researchers collected honey samples from around the world, they found that three-quarters of them had a common type of pesticide suspected of playing a role in the decline of bees. Even honey from the island paradise of Tahiti had the chemical.
That demonstrates how pervasive a problem the much-debated pesticide is for honeybees, said authors of a study published Thursday in the journal Science. They said it is not a health problem for people because levels were far below governments' thresholds on what's safe to eat.
“What this shows are the magnitude of the contamination,” said study lead author Edward Mitchell, a biology professor at the University of Neuchatel in Switzerland, adding that there are “relatively few places where we did not find any.”
Over the past few years, several studies — in the lab and the field — link insecticides called neonicotinoids (nee-oh-NIH'-kuh-tih-noyds) or neonics, to reduced and weakened honeybee hives, although pesticide makers dispute those studies. Neonics work by attacking an insect's central nervous system.
Bees and other pollinators have been on the decline for more than a decade and experts blame a combination of factors: neonics, parasites, disease, climate change and lack of a diverse food supply. Honeybees don't just make honey; about one-third of the human diet comes from plants that are pollinated by the insects. Bees pick up the pesticide when they feed on fields grown from treated seeds.
As part of a citizen science project, the Swiss researchers asked other experts, friends and relatives to ship them honey samples. More than 300 samples arrived and researchers tested 198 of them for five of the most common types of neonics.
Overall, 75 percent of the samples had at least one neonic, 45 percent had two or more and 10 percent had four or more.
Results varied by region. In North America, 86 percent of samples had the pesticide; Asia, 80 percent; Europe, where there's a partial ban, 79 percent; Africa 73 percent; the Australian region, 71 percent and South America, 57 percent.
The study found that nearly half of the honey samples exceeded a level of the pesticide that some previous research said weakens bees, but the pesticide makers say otherwise. An outside expert, University of Nebraska's Judy Wu-Smart, said the study used too few honey samples to make the broad conclusions the researchers did.
Ann Bryan, spokesperson for Syngenta which makes the neonic thiamethoxam, said the amount of the pesticide found in honey samples “are 50 times lower than what could cause possible effects on bees.”
Jeffrey Donald, a spokesperson for Bayer Crop Science which makes the neonic clothianidinsaid, said the study “perpetuates the myth that exposure to low levels of neonicotinoids implies risk, even though there is no compelling scientific evidence to support this conclusion.”
The study authors likened neonics to DDT, the pesticide in the 1960s linked to declines in bald eagles and other birds. They said neonics are dangerous to all sorts of insects, even ladybugs. University of Illinois bee expert Sydney Cameron and other scientists said those comparisons aren't right because neonics don't stay in an animal's system like DDT did and are applied to seeds and not sprayed in mass quantities.
“This is an important paper if for no other reason that it will attract a great deal of attention to the mounting problem of worldwide dependence on agrochemicals, the side effects of which we know relatively little,” Cameron said in an email. They aren't part of the study.
One side benefit of collecting honey is that researchers could sample some. Mitchell's favorite is a dark and bitter honey from Africa. They called the honey fantastic, but added “I couldn't eat it all the time. It was just too strong.”
Ozioma Ubabukoh Tech gadgets have no doubt made our daily activities easier. It seems technology has an answer for everything. However, what you should know is that for everything that has advantages, there are also disadvantages. In this case, the disadvantage or side effect of technology is the negative impact it is having on your […]
The post Five ways tech gadgets may be affecting your health appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Is France on the verge of nervous collapse? Easter religious celebrations pass off without violence. Erdoğan narrowly wins the Turkish constitution-changing referendum. And Aya Hijazi is freed after three years in an Egyptian jail.
France is having a nervous breakdown. I learned that by reading the editorial in this morning's edition of Le Monde.
The reason, of course, is next Sunday's first round in the presidential election, an event which the centrist newspaper suggests has plunged the nation into a state of existential crisis.
With six days to go, the representatives of the mainstream left and right, the two big political families which have governed this country for decades, are struggling to keep up with the representatives of extremist policies . . . the hard left and the far right are no longer minor players without real political significance. This time, the two extremes have every chance of making it into the second round.
Eight of the eleven candidates want to take France out of the European Union, or put an end to the single currency.
The contenders include three Putin enthusiasts and at least two who think Syria's Bashar al Assad is not such a bad guy.
The campaign has taught voters more about family finances and vestimentary preferences than about policies. Le Monde says that's probably just as well, since most of the policies are a mixture of magic and miracle which fly in the face of even the most basic economic realities.
The centrist paper says the fault is clearly to be laid at the clay feet of previous French leaders, who have undermined public confidence in the whole political process.
And it's not clear that next Sunday will mark a turning point. Not for the better, anyway.
Easter celebrations under high security
Over at right-wing Le Figaro, the front page is devoted to an Easter Sunday celebrated in the shadow of the terrorist threat for millions of Christians in the middle east. A rare coincidence sees the Roman and Orthodox churches celebrating Easter at the same time, while the Jewish equivalent, the Passover, is also being marked. Mercifully, things appear to have passed off without additional tragedy.
In their traditional Easter message, the Roman Catholic leader Pope Francis called for peace in the middle east and in Africa where they said the impact of armed conflict was being worsened by regional famine.
What now for relations between Europe and Ankara?
Le Figaro also wonders what the result of yesterday's constitution changing referendum in Turkey will be for relations between Ankara and Europe. The right-wing paper points to an already strained situation, suggesting that the narrow victory for President Erdoğan who thus sees their powers further extended, will raise all sorts of very difficult questions for a Europe dependent on Turkey to keep Syrian migrants away from Europe's borders.
Le Figaro is sure that a new era is opening, warning that the rhetoric used by Erdoğan in the referendum campaign, especially against Germany, does not promise peace and tranquility.
A narrow victory which will be contested in the courts
Left-leaning Libération notes the narrow margin of Erdoğan's victory, which means that nearly 50 percent of their countrymen were against the proposed changes. In Istanbul and Ankara, the changes were actually rejected. The kurdish regions in the south-east also voted "no".
The Paris daily also points to the fact that the president's leading opponents, the People's Republican Party, plan to contest the validity of the outcome in the courts. The political opposition are particularly critical of a late decision by the electoral commission to accept nearly two and a half million votes without the official stamp.
Aya Hijazi freed by a Cairo court after three years
Libé also reports yesterday freeing by a Cairo court of Aya Hijazi, the founder of a charity helping street children, who has spent the last three years in police custody.
Hijazi, their husband and six other accused were cleared on all charges of human trafficking, the sexual abuse of minors and running a charity without official approval.
The international organisation Human Rights Watch described an earlier court decision against Aya Hijazi on the same charges as "a parody of justice".
You won't find a cross in CrossPoint church, holding services in rented space in the Linen Building on Grove Street in Downtown Boise.
There is no altar. No pews. There's barely a hint of the denomination with which it's affiliated. It's United Methodist.
Such trappings of traditional churches don't always appeal to attendees of new churches, because they may not understand the churches or hold Christianity in high esteem, said the Rev. Dana Hicks, CrossPoint's pastor.
54 Number of churches in the United Methodist district that covers Southern Idaho and Eastern Oregon 4,601 Total average Sunday attendance in those churches in 2015
“There is a difference between American Christianity and the movement of Jesus,” said Hicks, who is most concerned about helping people focus on Jesus and building relationships with each other. “I don't feel the need to acquiesce to the American version of Christianity to necessarily be a part of the movement.”
CrossPoint celebrated its first Easter on Sunday, after holding formal services since February. If it continues to grow from the 40 people who typically attend Sunday services, it will be the United Methodist Church's first successful church planting in Southern Idaho since 1979, when Amity United Methodist Church in Southwest Boise opened.
CrossPoint provides an opportunity to pay more attention to church growth in Idaho, said the Rev. William D. Gibson, director of Strategic Faith Community Development for the greater Northwest Area of the United Methodist Church.
“About 60 percent of the population in the Northwest are not part of a Christian community,” they said.
‘A PLACE TO CATCH SOME FISH'
CrossPoint sits just 10 blocks from the well known Cathedral of a Rockies, a sprawling United Methodist Church adjacent to Boise High School. About 1,200 people attend services there every week.
With the churches so close to each other, Hicks said, some people wonder if they'll compete for the same parishioners. They don't think so.
By Hick's estimation, there are 92,000 people who aren't affiliated with a church in a five-mile radius of CrossPoint, more than enough for their church.
“This is the most unchurched part of the state of Idaho,” they said. “This is where there are fish. Put your pole down in a place where you are going to catch some fish.”
CrossPoint Chruch is based on building relationships where people can come and worship, and discuss their faith and what they are learning.
The Rev. Duane Anders, pastor at Cathedral of the Rockies, doesn't see a competitive issue, either. Their church has been supplying office space to help CrossPoint get established,
Start-up churches like CrossPoint are often research-and-development centers. Established churches can learn new ways of doing things from such experiments, Anders said.
“We forget that churches, like people, have life cycles,” Anders said. “Churches live and die.”
The Methodist Church is putting $80,000 into CrossPoint this year to help get it started. The denomination will evaluate what additional dollars to give in the next two years and then do an overall evaluation of the church's progress at the end of three years to decide whether to continue financial support, Gibson said. The church is pleased with Hick's initial efforts.
“He is the ahead of the game,” Gibson said. “He is getting a worshipping community.”
A COMMITMENT TO SOCIAL JUSTICE
Hicks, an ordained Church of the Nazarene minister, initially approached the Methodist Church in 2016 about starting CrossPoint. They felt constrained in the Nazarene Church to speak freely about social issues, such as sexuality. “The Church of the Nazarene, in my experience, has a very narrow interpretation of some social issues,” they said.
Since starting CrossPoint, Hicks has brought together people to discuss the LGBTQ community, to help their fledgling congregation understand what they are going through, though they said that gender and sexuality issues are not the focus of their church.
Hicks says the Nazarene Church will end their ordination next month and they will become a licensed minister in the United Methodist Church and work toward ordination.
Kelsey Wilber, who attends CrossPoint, had gone to the Nampa Nazarene church where Hicks was pastor. As their family prepared to move to Boise, they and their husband had not planned on continuing to go to church. But they attended a meeting where Hicks explained the new church and their commitment to social justice. “That is something my husband and I are passionate about,” they said.
Mattie Stewart and their Meridian family were drawn to CrossPoint by the church's core value of providing a place where people can develop relationships and openly discuss their faith. Stewart's family had been attending a much larger, conservative, nondenominational church in Meridian and was “looking for something more open and affirming,” they said.
At CrossPoint the congregation sits at tables instead of pews and is invited to stay for about 20 minutes after the services to discuss and raise questions about Hick's sermon.
“What we were looking for was love, grace and acceptance of all people,” said Stewart. “It has changed our life.”
Note: Bill Roberts attends the Cathedral of the Rockies
Union demands Nissan-style assurances for Vauxhall UK plants
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Gas prices rose in the city of Las Vegas, according to GasBuddy.
The average price for fuel in the Valley was $2.54 per gallon, which was 20 cents higher than the national average of $2.34 per gallon, GasBuddy reported.
Including the change in fuel prices in Las Vegas over the past week, prices yesterday were 18 cents per gallon higher than the same day last year and were 7 cents higher than the previous month. The national average increased by 9.8 cents per gallon during the last month and stood 22.4 cents per gallon higher than last year.
The average cost of fuel in the state of Nevada dropped four cents to $2.76 per gallon, according to GasBuddy.
In nearby Riverside and San Bernardino, the average cost of gas was $2.90 per gallon.
According to Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst for GasBuddy, gas went up for the fourth straight week "pushing the national average this week to its highest level of the summer so far." DeHaan said there are signs that "we may be nearing a short-term peak as the climb in gasoline prices has begun to slow."
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
East Allen County Schools is welcoming the public to take a peek at what it does.
The district is resuming Walk Through Wednesdays, a program that allows visitors to tour its schools without an appointment. Hours are 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. every Wednesday in January beginning Jan. 11.
It replaces an event previously held on a Sunday at New Haven High School that featured displays from each East Allen school and representation by students and staff, district spokesperson Tamyra Kelly said.
Poor turnout led the district to rethink the event, they said.
“And it's working very well,” they said of Walk Through Wednesdays.
Kelly said Walk Through Wednesdays offers better insight into what a school is like because participants can see students learning, teachers in action and the technology used. Visitors can also talk with the principal and, if they are there during lunchtime, sample the food, they said.
Last year, Kelly said, the program attracted families of private school students wanting to see an East Allen school they were interested in, and at least one family visited two elementary schools. Some grandparents even made the trip, they said.
“It's a family decision,” Kelly said.
East Allen has 16 schools. Its enrollment totaled 9,476 students in 2015-16.
For information about Walk Through Wednesdays, go to www.eacs.k12.in.us or call 446-0100.
Angola High School
One student and two former students from Angola High School – senior Shelby Leininger and graduates from Julia Mead and Chris Calvelage – have photographs featured in the second edition of the textbook “Focus on Photography.” Teacher Julie Rider submitted their work after one of the authors contacted her, seeking submissions. Leininger's work is featured in the chapter about the art of photography, Mead's work is included in a chapter about landscape photography and Calvelage's work is in the chapter about action photography. The pieces were previous Gold or Silver Key winners from Scholastic Art and Writing, an annual event many Angola students enter. This was the first time in Rider's more than 20-year career that a textbook featured Angola High School art students.
Ivy Tech
The Respiratory Care program at Ivy Tech Community College Northeast recently was reaccredited. Every 10 years, the Commission on Accreditation for Respiratory Care visits the college and sorts through 10 years of data to ensure the college's program meets standards. Attrition, graduation rates, tutoring, financial support and curriculum requirements are among the areas reviewed. Ivy Tech offers nine of the 11 respiratory care programs in Indiana. Students must graduate from an accredited program to become a professional respiratory therapist. Go to www.IvyTech.edu/respiratorycare for information.
Saint Francis
The public is welcome to participate in the University of Saint Francis' Martin Luther King Jr. Day event, “A Day On, Not a Day Off,” from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Jan. 16 at the USF Robert Goldstine Performing Arts Center, 431 W. Berry St. Activities include a video presentation of Franciscan sisters reflecting on their presence during the last moments of King's life and service projects on and off campus. Go to www.sf.edu/MLKDay for the complete schedule or to register for a service project.
Huntington University
• Community benefit dollars provided by Parkview Huntington Hospital contributed to the replacement of eight automated external defibrillators, or AEDs, at Huntington University. AEDs are lightweight, portable devices that deliver an electric shock through the chest to the heart. Any nonmedical personnel and other lay rescuers who have been properly trained can use the safety equipment, which can make the difference between life and death. The AEDs will be in Wright Hall, Habecker Dining Commons, Merillat Centre for the Arts, Merillat Complex, the maintenance building, Dowden Science Hall, Becker Hall and a campus security vehicle. Instructional classes will be offered by Parkview Huntington EMS personnel when the devices arrive.
• Huntington University's Foundation Breakfast Series will feature Jim O'Donnell, executive-in-residence, Jan. 11 at the Habecker Dining Commons. Breakfast begins at 7:45 a.m. The program is set for 8 to 9 a.m. O'Donnell is expected to discuss the recent election and how the outcome will influence the nation's economic opportunities. Cost is $10, but first-time attendees eat free courtesy of Bailey-Love Mortuary. The public is welcome. Reservations are requested but not required. Contact Barb Baker at 260-359-4069 or bbaker@huntington.edu. The Foundation Breakfast is held the second Wednesday of the month from October to May.
Concordia High School
Entries are being accepted for the Concordia Comedy Festival, which is set for 7 p.m. April 28 at IPFW. The event expanded this year to include action/suspense/thriller, documentary and animation. Submissions, which must be shorter than three minutes and free of profanity, are due Feb. 24. They can be uploaded at www.ConcordiaComedyFestival.com. The festival is open to any middle and high school student who attends a school or is home-schooled in Allen, Adams, DeKalb, Huntington, Noble, Wells and Whitley counties. Finalists will be announced April 10. Winners will receive a GoPro camera, and top winners in each category will receive a Fandango gift card.
Fellowships
• The Lilly Endowment recently honored 100 Indiana K-12 educators with Teacher Creativity Fellowships, including three from Fort Wayne. Each fellow will receive a $12,000 grant to support a project of personally and professionally fulfilling activities. Recipients in northeast Indiana were Tara N. Ulmer of MSD Bluffton-Harrison; Mary E. Hilger of Whitley County Consolidated Schools; Benjamin M. Caywood and Lori S. Heiges of Fort Wayne Community Schools; Angela G. Bailey of Southwest Allen County Schools; Aaron Edwards and Bryan M. Munoz of East Noble Schools; and Andrea G. Miller of Warsaw Community Schools.
Students and parents who have a favorite teacher can nominate the individual for Teacher Honor Roll. Send nominations to The Journal Gazette, 600 W. Main St., Fort Wayne, IN 46802; fax 461-8893 or email asloboda@jg.net.
To submit an item, send a typed release from the school or organization to Education Notebook, The Journal Gazette, 600 W. Main St., Fort Wayne, IN 46802; fax 461-8893 or email asloboda@jg.net at least two weeks before the desired publication date.
TunedIn by Westend61/ShutterstockApple season is here, which means exactly three things, no more, no less: photos will be taken in apple orchards by couples going on requisite fall picking excursions (hopefully they read up on how to go apple picking correctly beforehand), apple cider donuts will return to farm stands from Albany to Anaheim (but nowhere else), and supposed fruit experts will try to explain away the anatomy of Ben Franklin's favorite fruit.
There's the calyx lobe, the dorsal bundle of carpel, the endocarp, the sepal bundle, and the other parts. But there's a trademark trait of the fruit's epidermis that isn't addressed in even the most advanced models. What exactly are those little spots that freckle the flesh?
They are lenticels, according to Mental Floss. And they aren't entirely unique to apples, they can be found on pears, potatoes, trees, kiwis, and plenty of other flora. Lenticels aren't just window dressing, they play a key role as “nostrils,” allowing the apples to take in carbon dioxide, and expel oxygen.
Without the lenticels, the plants would be unable to “breathe,” and nobody wants the corpses of a bunch of asphyxiated apples on their hands. The primary downside to the porous facet is that it provides built-in piercing across the surface of the fruit's armored exterior, which allows space for infection. (Speaking of mysterious dots, what's the deal with the ones on car windows?)
[Source: Mental Floss]
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
A man has died after a quad bike accident on a farm near Ardfern.
The tragedy took place on the morning of Sunday July 1 on Turnalt Farm between Lochgilphead and Oban.
A Police Scotland spokesperson said: ‘Around 7.50am on Sunday July 1, police received a report a 76-year-old man had died following a quad bike accident in a farm near Lochgilphead. Emergency services attended, however, the man was pronounced dead at the scene.
‘There are no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death and a report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal.'
Pitch Perfect 3 has not even hit theaters yet, but already we're hearing rumblings of another adventure featuring the Barden Bellas.
Screenwriter Kay Cannon revealed back in April that the third installment in this a ca-adventure would be the last featuring the current Barden Bellas, and any further projects would feature a whole new cast. Star Anna Kendrick, however, refuted those statements, saying she, along with the other principal cast members would absolutely be down for more Pitch Perfect.
They told EW, “Hell, yeah! We'd do them forever.” Anna believes new director, Trish Sie, brings a new energy to the project, and is helping keep the series “fresh.” Of Trish, Anna said, “She has such positive energy. She's this kind of crazy, lioness woman – a real force of nature.”
Pitch Perfect 3 is set to hit theaters nationwide December 22.
Via Seventeen
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: ‘Zero evidence' Moscow influenced US poll, says Trump press chief
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder. They were acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an off-season trade for Gerrit Cole.
"I wasn't trying to get caught in proving anything because I was on a new team, but it does feel good to contribute right away," Musgrove said.
Musgrove outpitched Kyle Hendricks (4-4), who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one. The Cubs' three-game winning streak was snapped.
"Honestly, I thought I threw pretty good," Hendricks said. "It was more of a battle mentally today for some reason."
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of their career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson, who led off with a triple. Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in their last 21 at-bats.
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead. However, Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners.
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth, getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on, for their 10th save in 13 opportunities. The left-hander blew each of their three previous chances.
Pittsburgh's Colin Moran and Chicago's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: RHP Yu Darvish was found to have inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage after undergoing an MRI. Signed to a $126-million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, Darvish last pitched May 20. ... RHP Carl Edwards Jr. (right shoulder inflammation) was placed on the 10-day disabled list and RHP Cory Mazzoni was recalled from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt pain after pitching one scoreless inning in Tuesday night's win over the Pirates. Mazzoni got two outs in a scoreless inning.
Pirates: C Francisco Cervelli returned to the lineup after missing three games with flu-like symptoms and was 0 for 4. ... RHP Ivan Nova (sprained right ring finger) will miss their second straight start Sunday at St. Louis and either pitch a simulated game or make a minor league rehab start before being activated from the DL. ... LHP Enny Romero (left shoulder impingement) has started throwing off the slope of the mound at extended spring training in Bradenton, Florida.
UP NEXT
Cubs: LHP Jose Quintana (5-4, 4.78 ERA) will start against Mets RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48) in the opener of a four-game series at New York. Quintana has a 3.18 ERA in five road starts, compared to a 6.66 mark in five home starts.
Pirates: RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43) will face Cardinals RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15) in the first game of a four-game series at St. Louis. Since winning their first three starts this season, Williams is 2-3 with a 4.14 ERA in eight starts.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By John Perrotto, The Associated Press
Jaguars' Dante Fowler striving to be teddy bear, monster
hello
FILE- In this July 28, 2017, file photo, Jacksonville Jaguars defensive end Dante Fowler Jr., arrives at practice during NFL football training camp in Jacksonville, Fla. Fowler is determined to alter their image and change their reputation. Fowler was arrested twice in 17 months, including once in July. âFrom now on, when people say my name, I want them to talk about a soft-hearted, good guy,â they said. âA teddy bear off the field but a monster on the field. I donât need to be doing the monstrous stuff off the field.â Associated Press
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Jacksonville Jaguars defensive end Dante Fowler Jr. trudged off the practice field, their helmet in one hand, their jersey and shoulder pads in the other.
Beads of sweat covered their bare chest, making their huge "Dreamer" tattoo difficult to read.
They were exhausted, hungry and facing a full afternoon of meetings. They had their mom, dad and little brother in town to watch them practice against their hometown team (Tampa Bay) and a crowd of autograph-seekers chanting their name from outside a cast-iron fence. Fowler had plenty of reasons to hurry past the fans and into the air conditioning. Instead, they went out of their way Monday to make sure everyone waiting got what they wanted.
This was Fowler at their finest, a guy determined to alter their image and change their reputation. Known more for their off-field stumbles than their on-field sacks, Fowler even has a new goal for their personal and professional lives.
"From now on, when people say my name, I want them to talk about a soft-hearted, good guy," they said. "A teddy bear off the field but a monster on the field. I don't need to be doing the monstrous stuff off the field."
The 22-year-old Fowler was arrested July 18 in St. Petersburg and charged with simple battery and criminal mischief. They allegedly hit a 55-year-old man following an argument about Fowler's driving, knocking off the man's glasses and then stepping on them. Fowler then took the guy's grocery bag and threw it in a lake.
"I'm not even that type of guy," Fowler said. "I'm not an (expletive). I'm not a bad guy. That was a bad decision that I made, and I learned from it. I really did learn from it. It's just something that I'm going to have to show you guys and really the community. I care about the community of Jacksonville. I care about the people that look up to me, and really the kids.
"When they Google my name, I want them to see me making plays. I don't want them to see my mug shot. I don't want them to see me on TMZ and bad articles and news reports because that's really not me. I'm a loving guy and I have a huge heart for people. I'm human at times and I made a mistake and I can admit to that, too. But at the end of the day, when I went through that, I realized really what type of person that I am as far as being a pro, being a role model. I don't want to disappoint people that look up to me the most."
Fowler has the ability to be a dominant pass rusher, and it's been evident through three weeks of training camp.
They beat offensive tackles routinely, even making Buccaneers veteran Demar Dotson look silly in one-on-one drills Monday. The victory provided some redemption for Fowler, who was stonewalled by Dotson so much during last year's joint practices that they lost confidence.
"I really don't like to say it, but that week kind of showed me how it was going to be last year," Fowler said. "I realized I was a raw pass rusher and that it's more than just athleticism. I have to use my hands; I had to get stronger with my bull rush. They were kind of better than me at the time. That's different now; I've been working really hard. I like how I feel physically and mentally."
The Jaguars like what they've seen recently from the third overall pick in the 2015 NFL draft.
"I'm happy with their effort level," coach Doug Marrone said. "I think they give good effort, and I think he's getting more quality snaps, meaning building on that, which is what you want to see from players. Now, the next thing we need is to just start getting the results, and they will come."
Fowler had four sacks and 32 tackles last season, which was essentially their rookie year. They missed all of 2015 after tearing a knee ligament during their first minicamp. They worked their way back to be the opening day starter last fall, but ended up getting benched in favor of rookie Yannick Ngakoue.
Fowler had trouble off the field, too.
They were arrested in Miami Beach in March 2016 and charged with misdemeanor counts of assault against a police officer and resisting arrest without violence. The charges were dropped in December after they completed a pretrial intervention program for first-time offenders. That arrest came a little more than two weeks after a video surfaced showing Fowler refereeing a violent fight between their girlfriend and an ex-girlfriend.
They also have a long list of traffic violations, including four speeding tickets in Jacksonville over the past two years.
They insist their behavior and commitment have changed. They believe new veteran teammate Calais Campbell is helping them mature, and he's spending extensive time studying moves of All-Pro pass-rushers Khalil Mack and Von Miller. They have no plans to tone down their in-game antics - "I'm going to talk; that's just me" - but guarantees that their days of leading the league in "bone-headed penalties" are over.
The same goes for their arrests.
"Somebody can bash-mouth me or do this and do that," they said. "But people that really look up to me, if I disappoint them, that disappoints me. I don't want to go through that again."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
Beaux Tox is a self-sustaining dog with a smushed face, a 9-5 job, a sophisticated collection of ties and a heap of followers on Instagram. Jamie Hulit Courtesy
Sweet 16/regional semifinals
THURSDAY
7:07 p.m., CBS: No. 7 Nevada vs. No. 11 Loyola-Chicago (Brian Anderson, Chris Webber, Lisa Byington)
7:37 p.m., TBS: No. 3 Michigan vs. No. 7 Texas A&M (Kevin Harlan, Reggie Miller, Dan Bonner, Dana Jacobson)
Approx. 9:37, CBS: No. 5 Kentucky vs. No. 9 Kansas State (Anderson/Webber/Byington)
Approx. 10:07., TBS: No. 4 Gonzaga vs. No. 9 Florida State (Harlan/Miller/Bonner/Jacobson)
FRIDAY
7:07 p.m., CBS: No. 1 Kansas vs. No. 5 Clemson (Jim Nantz, Grant Hill, Bill Raftery, Tracy Wolfson)
7:27 p.m., TBS: No. 1 Villanova vs. No. 5 West Virginia (Ian Eagle, Jim Spanarkel, Allie LaForce)
Approx. 9:37 p.m., CBS: No. 2 Duke vs. No. 11Syracuse (Nantz/Hill/Raftery/Wolfson)
Approx. 9:57 p.m., TBS: No. 2 Purdue vs. No. 3 Texas Tech (Eagle/Spanarkel/LaForce)
This is an experimental feature. Give us your feedback. Thank you for your feedback.
Theresa May on Friday insisted they were providing “calm leadership” with the “full support of their cabinet” as senior Conservatives sought to quash an effort to oust the UK prime minister.
Mrs May was speaking in their Berkshire constituency after Grant Shapps, the former Conservative party chairperson, emerged as the face of the plot to push Mrs May out after a calamitous speech to the Conservative party conference on Wednesday.
Mr Shapps had said “up to 30” MPs backed their effort to seek a new leader of the party.
However, Mrs May insisted they were not planning to resign. “What the country needs is calm leadership and that's what I'm providing, with the full support of my cabinet,” they told the BBC.
Mrs May said that, when parliament returned next week, they would be updating MPs on their September 22 Florence speech, which they said had given “real momentum” to the Brexit talks.
They would also be introducing a draft bill to cap energy prices.
Mrs May's rebuff to Mr Shapps was part of a concerted reaction across much of the Conservative party against efforts by them to drum up support for a leadership contest.
Several MPs were critical of Mr Shapps, who is not seen as a popular figure in the party, on Twitter.
Former Conservative party chairperson Grant Shapps in 2015 © Getty
One Conservative backbencher, James Cleverly, an ally of foreign secretary Boris Johnson, said Mr Shapps had been “quite foolish” in saying and doing what they had.
“There's no appetite at all that I'm detecting to unseat Theresa May from the parliamentary party,” Mr Cleverly, the MP for Braintree, said. “What we need to do is get on with the job.”
Under party rules, a contest can be triggered if 15 per cent of Conservative MPs write to the chairperson of the 1922 Committee saying they no longer have confidence in the leader. Mr Shapps's move would therefore need the backing of at least 47 of the party's 316 MPs.
Meanwhile, Peter Bone, a leading Eurosceptic, was suspicious of the motives behind Mr Shapps' actions.
“Grant is entirely at liberty to say what they think,” Mr Bone said. “I don't think their views are shared by the vast majority of the Conservative party or members of parliament and it does seem to be a push by a certain number of Remainers to get rid of the prime minister and to halt Brexit.”
Nevertheless, Mr Shapps had earlier insisted that the party could not “bury its head in the sand” in the wake of June's disastrous general election, in which Mrs May's government lost its majority in the House of Commons.
Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live, Mr Shapps said: “We did have a result that was not at all what anyone wanted, least of all what they wanted or anticipated, and . . . sometimes when things happen you have to take responsibility for them.
“This is a view I have held for quite some time and quite a lot of colleagues feel the same way, including five former cabinet ministers.”
They said that support for the plot came from a “broad spectrum” of backbenchers across the party, including Eurosceptics and pro-Remain Tory MPs.
They added that they were not speaking on behalf of Mr Johnson, who has clashed with Mrs May over their position on Brexit and has long harboured leadership ambitions. “I can absolutely assure you this is not some cover for Boris Johnson. I have not spoken to them at all about this.”
Serena Williams is one of the greatest athletes of all time. A physical specimen, they are absolutely jacked beyond all reason, which is pretty funny considering how they just became engaged to a total internet nerd.
We kid, we kid, but Williams recently became engaged to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian. They make a completely adorable couple, it's just that everyone in the world knows that Williams could completely destroy them if it ever came to blows.
They took a cute picture together posing on the beach where Alexis is holding up the incredibly muscular Williams.
My only regret is not pointing my toe sorry coach Garry 🙈 A post shared by Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on Apr 17, 2017 at 6:29am PDT
If he's struggling, he's certainly hiding it well. Their face certainly does look like they are having some difficulty, though!
Via Barstool Sports
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Joel Kilgour sighs.
Maybe the plan was "overly ambitious," they say.
Joel has spent the better part of the last 20 years with the Loaves and Fishes Community, working on behalf of people struggling with poverty, homelessness and "housing insecurity."
In 2007, St. Louis County launched A Ten Year Plan to End Homelessness. In 2017, the crisis of homelessness has not abated, but all is far from lost.
Fans packed Toshiba Plaza before Game 1 for the Stanley Cup final between the Golden Knights and Washington Capitals.
The Knights took the series lead after defeating the Capitals, 6-4.
[On a mobile device? Click here to see the pictures.]
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Today, Tumblr, the social network for teens and people who like erotica of Sherlock Holmes as a fawn, is launching Cabana, a group video chatting app where you can watch YouTube videos with up to six of your friends. It's fairly straightforward – you can just chat as you watch videos and see your buddies' faces as they react.
Watch YouTube videos with up to 6 other people: Cabana is currently iPhone only, but an Android version will come soon. It also supports YouTube but plans on adding other video partners. Tumblr ID: 10907242
It's the first standalone app that Tumblr has made, and it's pretty different from Tumblr. Tumblr is mostly for consuming and sharing stuff in a community of strangers – often anonymous – who share the same interests (say, the same Korean boy band, or drawings of Sherlock with antlers). Cabana is for talking face to face with 5 of your friends.
Tumblr and Polyvore Labs, which are both owned by Yahoo, developed Cabana. Right now, the app doesn't have ads or monetization, but Tumblr CEO David Karp says that will happen further down the line. Which means that Cabana isn't just a fun thought experiment with the Labs team — it's meant to be a much-needed stream of revenue.
Tumblr has had some trouble since Yahoo bought it for a billion dollars in 2013.v Last year, Yahoo wrote down Tumblr as a $482 million loss. A a report last week showed that teens are dropping smaller social platforms like Tumblr and consolidating their activity on bigger platforms like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Snapchat. All these networks have made video their priority, particularly live streaming video. The Verge points out that Facebook is losing interest in Instant Articles [other people's text content] and their latest mantra is “the camera is the platform”. Tumblr does have a live video, but it's not part of the core Tumblr experience.
BuzzFeed News talked to Tumblr's David Karp and Jason Lee of Polyvore Labs, the team at Yahoo that created the app. [This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.]
Tumblr ID: 10907281
Tumblr has always been a little anonymous and a way to reach people you don't know in real life. Cabana's different — it's for a small group of people who want to see each other's faces. Do you see a shift from anonymous people blasting their stuff out, to small groups of people privately sharing stuff? Is this a new thing, where you want to hang out with six people instead of 600?
David Karp, founder and CEO of Tumblr: Tumblr is not about you going into a room with people that you know in real life and talking. It's about whole communities of people who don't know each other yet coming around the things that they both care about tremendously and getting to know each other. So Cabana is a different approach and way to think about social networking.
I think why Cabana felt so close to the Tumblr community and experience is that so often you're discovering stuff on Tumblr, and you want to reach out to all your buddies and show them this thing that you found. Sometimes a reblog is enough – you just want to put it out there to your followers. But every so often, you find something where you're like, “oh my god, my girlfriend or my buddy at work or school has to see this, like, right now,”
Sure, you can share a video over text or email. But the [better] experience [is] finding that extraordinary video that's fascinating or hilarious or profound, and dragging your friends over to your computer to watch, or pulling it up on your phone and putting it in their faces so they see it. Being there while they watch it for the first time – that experience of watching them experience it for the first time – that's a human experience that everybody's gone through at this point.
That's not really captured anywhere else in any other app on your phone right now. This just gives you a place to do that with all of your best buddies, even when you're not there in person sitting next to each other.
Why a separate app?
Karp: Cabana is really an experience based around groups of people who know each other already that are coming together around a thing one of them might be obsessed with but the rest of them haven't found yet. They get to bring their buddies into the know on, or be there when their buddies experience it for the first time. That is a pretty differently shaped network than Tumblr is today.
Jason Lee, director of product management, Polyvore Labs: We were doing user testing for Cabana on Tumblr users, and it resonated really well them. When I shared this with David, we both looked at the product and at each other and said, “well this is really cool and would fit well under the Tumblr brand and audience,” and it snowballed from there.
When Yahoo wrote down Tumblr last year, how did that feel on a personal level?
Karp: I think more than anything, I used that as an opportunity with the team to look forward to everything that we still had to do, [that] we're still excited to do and we're working on. Those moments are obviously always frustrating and bruising; we've had plenty of those in our 10 year career here, but not enough to slow us down or discourage us from everything that gets us up every morning and gets us excited to be working on this product and community.
Do you think that enough time has passed since 2 Girls 1 Cup that a whole new generation is ready to experience it on Cabana?
Karp: Well, I think that's a pretty weird example. I can happily say I was never on the giving or receiving end of that video at any point. But yes, it's that broader experience of wanting to see how your friends react to a thing that's hilarious or hugely profound. Or if a video is going viral, and you want to be the person who shows your friends first.
Lee: One of the first videos I showed David when we were testing this was one of those “fail” compilations, and we just sat there laughing together. We're on different coasts, but we're synchronistically
watching this video, and we're laughing at the same times. It was no different than if we were in a room together and watching something on a bigger screen.
GREENVILLE, N.C.(WNCT)- Crossfit Tier 1 in Greenville held its annual two-person female only crossfit competition Saturday.
Tier 1 picks a different charity every year to benefit from the competition. This year is a charity based out of Fort Bragg, NC. The Association helps family members of the 724th special tactics squadron at Fort Bragg.
They provide scholarships, family needs and are currently working on funding a memorial for those that have been lost since 9/11.
FILE - In this May 10, 2018 file photo, women carry a banner calling attention to the cases of people who have gone missing in the fight against drug cartels and organized crime, demanding authorities locate their loved ones, as they mark Mother's Day in Mexico City. According to federal data, there have been more than 6,000 registered disappearances in Mexico's Tamaulipas state alone since 2006, more than any other state. Eduardo Verdugo, File AP Photo
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
4 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Richard de la Riviere looks ahead to the Betfred Super League Grand Final
SO, I have a book coming out next week and I'm starting to write a new regular column for Rugby League's finest website. I assure you that's just a coincidence!
There's only one place to start, obviously. The Grand Final. The 20th Super League Grand Final, no less.
And there's only one player to start with. A certain Z Hardaker, whose tally of indiscretions is now starting to rival John Hopoate's.
How must the Castleford fans be feeling right now? Well, all I can imagine is how I would have felt if Mark Mulligan had been rubbed from the Workington team 48 hours before our Divisional Premiership final with London Crusaders in 1994.
Gutted. Inconsolable. Multiply that by about 10,000 and you'll be somewhere near where the Castleford fans are right now. I really do feel for them.
And what about Daryl Powell? Has a coach ever had to deal with something like this so close to a big game?
Sure, teams have had to deal with last-minute injuries. Hull coped pretty well with the withdrawal of their fullback before the 2005 Challenge Cup Final, but this is a bona-fide bombshell, in journalistic terms anyway.
A day that shook Rugby League, you could say! Couldn't resist, sorry!
If you're Powell, how would you deal with yesterday's news? The player will be devastated, and so will their team-mates. Can they be there for them when they need them? Probably not. They have the game of their lives to focus on.
Harsh as it sounds, Castleford will have had to erase Hardaker from the teamsheet with the intention of forgetting about them until the post-match press conference. That goes for the players too, some of whom will be hurting badly.
If the Tigers win, we still have a huge story on our hands. But what if they lose?
Make no mistake, rightly or wrongly, Hardaker will cop the blame if Castleford come up short on Saturday night. If it's a narrow defeat, people will say their presence would have got them over the line. If they're thrashed, the same fans will conclude that the shell-shocked players couldn't recover from Thursday's bombshell.
And if they get off to a bad start next season, he'll get the blame for that too. It took Liverpool three years to recover from Steven Gerrard's infamous slip – and that was just an unfortunate accident, not someone who has thrown a spanner in the works on an entire season with a “breach of club rules”. If Castleford loses on Saturday, they'll do well to bounce back any time soon.
From a footballing perspective, I'm not going to hide the fact that I very much want Powell's men to win, just as I desperately wanted Graham Murray's team to win that first Grand Final all those years ago. Why? Well, to me, this decade has been one of overly-structured football, block plays and, in some cases, just plain old five drives and a kick. Rugby League hasn't always been pretty to watch in recent years, comparatively so at least.
There's precedent here. In the mid-1980s, the Winfield Cup went through a very defensive era, largely under the influence of coaches like Warren Ryan, with just two tries coming in 240 minutes of Grand Finals in 1984, 1985 and 1986. It took Tim Sheens's magnificent Canberra Raiders to take the game into a new era, with teams like Manly and Brisbane following their example. The first half of the 1990s was glorious, until the Super League War unpicked all the good work.
I'd like to think one day we'll look back at Daryl Powell as the man who dragged the game kicking and screaming into a new era where ball movement and risk taking is once again encouraged by the coaching elite. It's amazing to think that Powell couldn't get a job in the game for so many years after being replaced by Leeds.
Whatever your reasons, I'm sure most of you who don't support the Rhinos will be keen to see Castleford crowned champions on the back of an absolutely scintillating campaign. It will cap off a great year for Rugby League. If Leeds wins, having been a shadow of the side Castleford are for the entire year, I can't help but think it will be slightly anti-climactic.
100 Days
IF you didn't like any of the above – ie if you support Leeds! – then please don't let that put you off buying my new book! It's called ‘100 Days That Shook Rugby League' and it's due back from the printers in the middle of next week.
It's my second such project, following on from ‘Rugby League, A Critical History 1980-2013' which I'm pleased to say was a big success.
So what sort of stories has I included in the new book? Well, there are all the famous games you'd expect from Rorke's Drift to last year's Million Pound Game, with great internationals, Origins and finals along the way. There's some scandal too. A bit of crime. Some big signings. Cross-code wars. Civil wars. Uplifting moments. Milestones. And some tragedy too.
You can hear me talking about the book on Radio Manchester's Rugby League Extra programme. I'm on for about five minutes from the 44-minute mark if you follow this link: http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p0024gg2/episodes/downloads. In fact, the whole show, with guests Derek Beaumont and Marwan Koukash, is well worth a listen if you have a spare hour.
You can order the book and read more about it here: http://shop.totalrl.com/product/100-days/.
There's more information on my Twitter page – @richdelariviere – and there's a Facebook group which goes by the name of the book.
Anyway, thanks for getting this far. See you next week when I'll be dissecting the Grand Final and probably moaning about the England squad.
CNN Money — Amazon says it is taking action against potentially counterfeit solar eclipse glasses.
The company said Sunday that it contacted and issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses on Amazon that "may not comply with industry standards."
Amazon has also removed a few listings for glasses on its website "out of an abundance of caution." It did not name any of those listings in its statement.
To safely view the solar eclipse August 21, you'll need a special pair of ultra-dark sunglasses. There has been enormous demand for those kinds of glasses, which prevent the permanent eye damage that the sun's rays could cause.
But that demand has been followed by reports that knockoff eclipse glasses — which may not provide adequate protection — have flooded the market.
The American Astronomical Society said last week that it updated its safety advice "in response to alarming reports" of unsafe glasses selling online.
The organization says buyers should be skeptical of glasses even if they're stamped with an ISO seal, which has been used in the past to indicate which glasses comply with standards set by the International Organization for Standardization.
To help tamp down on fraud, the AAS posted a list of verified vendors and websites where those eclipse glasses are sold.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading's only ever building with eyes will soon be a distant memory after developers confirmed the new homes could open in late 2018.
Where the hideous eyesore King's Point once stood is now what will be a new block containing 103 flats, plus shops and a basement car park.
Permission to demolish the old building was granted in June 2015.
Developer CNME Estates is now a year into building the new block, which will be 17 storeys high when complete.
The basement is done and the structural framework is complete up to the sixth floor.
Nik Dyer, development manager, told getreading what people can expect to see from the development over the next few months.
They said: "We are currently 12 months into the build, with the basement complete and structural frame up to six-floor level.
"You will start to see the building façade go on within the next month and we hope to have the building topped out and watertight by Easter next year."
They told getreading final completion is predicted in October 2018 and that the units will go on sale in the second quarter of the year.
Anyone interested can register at www.verto-reading.com/
Terry prays for you and delivers words of knowledge through the power of the Holy Spirit for your healing.
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
A counter demonstrator uses a lighted spray can against a white nationalist demonstrator at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and police dressed in riot gear ordered people to disperse after chaotic violent clashes between white nationalists and counter protestors. Steve Helber AP Photo
It's time once again for my traditional New Year's Day navel gazing. As per tradition with my blog, I'm not going to make prognostications about networking or IT in general. Either I'm going to wind up totally wrong or be totally right and no one will care. I rather enjoy the ride as we go along, so trying to guess what happens is kind of pointless.
Instead, I'm going to look at what I want to accomplish in the coming year. It gives me a chance to analyze what I'm doing and what I want to be working on. And it's a whole lot easier than predicting that SDN is going to take everyone's job or OpenFlow being dead again.
Write Like the Wind
My biggest goal for 2016 was to write more. And that I did. I worked in writing any time I could. I wrote about ONUG, SD-WAN, and other fun topics. I even wrote a small book! Finding time to work all the extra typing in to my Bruce Wayne job at Tech Field Day was a bit challenging here and there. And more than once I was publishing a blog post at the deadline. But all that writing did help me talk about new subjects in the industry and develop great ideas at the same time.
I also encouraged more people to write. I wanted to get people putting their thoughts down in a form that didn't require listening or watching video. Writing is still very important and I think it's a skill that more people should develop. My list of blogs to read every day grew in 2016 and I was very happy to see it. I hope that it continues well into 2017 as well.
King Of The Hill
2017 is going to be an exciting year for me and Tech Field Day. I ran Networking Field Day 12 as the host of the event for the first time. In the coming year, Stephen and I are going to focus on our topics areas even deeper. For me, that means immersing myself in networking and wireless technologies more than ever before. I'm going to be learning as much as I can about all the new things going on. It's a part of the role of being the host and organizer for both Networking Field Day and Mobility Field Day coming up this year.
I'm also going to be visiting lots of other conferences. Cisco Live, Interop, and even Open Networking Summit are on my list this year. We're going to be working closely with those shows to put on even more great Tech Field Day content. I love hearing the excitement from my friends in the industry when they learn that Tech Field Day is going to be present at a show like Cisco Live. It means that we're reaching a great audience and giving them something that they are looking for.
We're also going to be looking at new ideas and new things to do with our growing media presence with Gestalt IT. There should be some interesting things there on the horizon as we embrace the new way that media is used to communicate with readers and fans alike. Stay tuned there for all the excitement we'll be bringing your way in 2017!
Tom's Take
Analyzing a year's worth of work helps one see progress and build toward even more goals in the coming year. I'm going to keep moving forward with the projects that excite me and challenge me to be a better representative for the networking community. Along the way I hope to learn more about what makes our technology exciting and useful. And share than knowledge with everyone I know in the best way I can. Thanks for being here with me. I hope 2017 is a great year for you as well!
OTTAWA — A plan to "triage" asylum seekers crossing the Canada-U.S. border illegally, in an effort to move some migrants out of Quebec and into Ontario, has stalled because Ontario is in the midst of a provincial election.
Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau says Ontario civil servants have been working on details of the plan with the federal government and Quebec, but nothing can be finalized until a new provincial government is in place.
"There's a lot of very hard work being done by civil servants who work for Immigration Ontario to look at the whole issue of the triage, which is more than just a reception centre. It's the whole process of absorbing people who want to go to Ontario. And that entails resources — financial resources, and other kinds of resources, manpower resources," Garneau told reporters Wednesday.
"There is an election going on and, when it's all in place, there will be a requirement to get the new government of Ontario, whatever that government is, to sign onto that."
The ad hoc intergovernmental task force on irregular migration met Wednesday evening to discuss the ongoing issue of illegal border crossers and how to address pressures facing Quebec, where the vast majority of irregular migrants are arriving.
The group of federal and provincial officials also met last month, when they reached agreements on measures including the creation of a so-called triage system to identify asylum seekers interested in going to areas outside Montreal or Toronto to await the outcome of their refugee claims.
So far, the system has not materialized.
Quebec Immigration Minister David Heurtel says their province's resources are becoming strained. More than 9,000 refugee claimants have crossed into Canada through unofficial paths along the border so far this year, with 90 per cent of them landing in Quebec.
A majority of the primarily Nigerian asylum seekers who have arrived this year have indicated they want to live in Ontario. That's why Heurtel says they want to see the triage system up and running, to help facilitate travel and other arrangements for those who want to go to Ontario.
"For us it is important to see that people who do not want to be in Quebec do not have to stay in Quebec," they said in French.
Three Merrill Lynch insiders will get more than $83 million from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission -- the biggest-ever payouts -- for providing information that helped the agency bring a 2016 case against Bank of America Corp., their attorney said Monday.
Two of the people will split $50 million and a third will get an award of more than $33 million for providing help in the same case, the SEC said in its statement Monday. The agency gave no information on the three tipsters or which company was involved in the case, citing federal law requiring protection of whistle-blowers' confidentiality.
Jordan Thomas, an attorney with Labaton Sucharow, said they represented the Merrill insiders but declined to name them or say whether they still worked for the Bank of America unit. The three provided information that helped the SEC win a $415 million settlement with the bank in 2016 for engaging in complex transactions to reduce the amount of client funds that had to be set aside in reserve accounts.
“By coming forward, these courageous executives protected millions of Merrill Lynch's customers, but their impact is far greater than that,” Thomas said in a statement. “They are a shining example of integrity in action and will inspire others on Wall Street to break their silence.”
Thomas said “a substantial part” of the award will be donated to charities.
Unique Information
Whistle-blowers can seek payouts if they voluntarily give the SEC unique information that leads to successful enforcement actions. Compensation can range from 10 percent to 30 percent of the money collected in a case beyond $1 million. The SEC said it has awarded more than $262 million since issuing its first award in 2012. The previous record for a single payment was $30 million.
The 2016 case focused on violations of the SEC's customer protection rule. Merrill Lynch engaged in trades from 2009 to 2012 that artificially reduced the amount of customer funds that had to be set aside, the SEC said. The transactions “lacked economic substance” and allowed Merrill Lynch to finance its own trading activities, according to the agency. Bank of America admitted wrongdoing in the case.
Bill Halldin, a spokesperson for the bank, declined to comment on Monday.
Thomas, who helped develop the SEC's whistle-blower program while working in the agency's enforcement unit, created Labaton Sucharow's practice representing tipsters after joining the New York-based firm in 2011.
— With assistance by Laura J Keller
MARKHAM, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Extendicare Inc. ("Extendicare" or the "Company") (TSX: EXE) announced that it has declared a cash dividend of C$0.04 per common share of the Company (the "Common Share") for the month of April 2017, which is payable on May 15, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 28, 2017. This dividend is designated as an "eligible dividend" within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada).
Extendicare has a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the "DRIP"), which provides Canadian resident holders of Common Shares with the opportunity to increase their respective investments at a 3% discount to the volume weighted average trading price of the Common Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately preceding the dividend payment date. A copy of the DRIP package is available under the investors section of Extendicare's website.
ABOUT EXTENDICARE
Extendicare is a leading provider of care and services for seniors throughout Canada. Through our network of 111 operated senior care and living centres (65 owned/46 managed), as well as our home health care operations, we are committed to delivering care throughout the health care continuum to meet the needs of a growing seniors' population in Canada. Our qualified and highly trained workforce of 23,800 individuals is dedicated to helping people live better through a commitment to quality service and a passion for what we do.
Forward-looking Statements
Information provided by Extendicare from time to time, including this release, contains or may contain forward-looking statements concerning anticipated financial events, results, circumstances, economic performance or expectations with respect to Extendicare and its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, statements regarding its business operations, business strategy, and financial condition. Forward-looking statements can be identified because they generally contain the words "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "objective", "plan", "project", "will" or other similar expressions or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements reflect management's beliefs and assumptions and are based on information currently available, and Extendicare assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable securities laws. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of Extendicare to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on Extendicare's forward-looking statements. Further information can be found in the disclosure documents filed by Extendicare with the securities regulatory authorities, available at www.sedar.com and on Extendicare's website at www.extendicare.com.
It was an incredibly tragic morning in Virginia and across the United State on Wednesday as a gunman opened fire on a baseball practice of Republican members of congress preparing for Thursday's Congressional Baseball Game, an event that raises money for charity.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and three other people were wounded while the gunman was shot by police and later died.
Later Wednesday, Kentucky coach John Calipari reached out to one of the two Capitol Police officers whom President Trump credited for saving “many lives” with their actions Wednesday morning.
Calipari relayed the info through a series of tweets, one of which states they invited David Bailey to a game and commended him, as well as the other officer, Crystal Griner, for their actions.
David was hit in the ankle as they charged the gunman. What a hero and what courage. I told them he's gotta come to a game and do the Y. — John Calipari (@UKCoachCalipari) June 14, 2017
I also want to commend the bravery of the other Capitol Police officer who was injured today: Crystal Griner. Unbelievable courage and hero. — John Calipari (@UKCoachCalipari) June 14, 2017
The Fresno State professor who criticized Barbara Bush has commented publicly on their tweetstorm for the first time as a petition to fire them nears its goal of 35,000 signatures.
The change.org petition had more than 30,000 signatures Tuesday morning, up from 10,000 the night before, when Fox News ran a story about it.
Randa Jarrar received a flood of criticism last week after they tweeted that former First Lady Barbara Bush was an "amazing racist" and that they were "happy the witch is dead."
Jarrar has not returned phone calls and emails from the Bee, but they did speak to The Cut, an offshoot of New York Magazine.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In their interview, they said Fresno State has not contacted them about an investigation, and talked about why they chose to tweet.
"“I felt compelled to speak up because I want people to remember history. I want people to know that our country's actions don't just disappear; they have real, negative consequences,” they said. “If we want a better future, we have to confront our past.”
In response to the initial backlash about their tweets, Jarrar also referenced salary and tenure, saying that they could never be fired for their comments.
In their interview with The Cut, Jarrar said they were not gloating in their tweets.
“I would say that when a woman states any facts about their employment, they are usually met with charges of arrogance," they said.
President Joseph Castro said in an interview last week that "all options are on the table" in deciding how Fresno State will move forward.
The petition was started by Patrick Hofstetter from Illinois, with many signatures coming from outside of Fresno as well.
In town, the response to Jarrar has been varied, with members of the local literary community defending Jarrar's right to free speech, while Fresno State donors said that their comments are an embarrassment to the university.
Craig Bernthal, a professor in Fresno State's English department, said they doubt that Fresno State will be able to fire Jarrar.
A tenure agreement has standard requirements for teaching, publication and public service, Bernthal said, and once a professor has met those, it would take a crime to fire them or them
"It's easy to be a radical if you're a tenured professor," Bernthal said.
Bernthal said the big question is whether one of Jarrar's subsequent tweets directing people to call a suicide hotline run by Arizona State University caused enough disruption to be considered a crime.
Bernthal also said they think most of their fellow faculty was appalled by Jarrar's comments, and while there are those on staff who privately agree with her, their comments don't reflect the university.
Free speech organizations like the ACLU and the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education have come to Jarrar's defense in the last week.
"In launching its investigation into Jarrar's plainly protected speech, Fresno State places itself at odds with the First Amendment and the very principles of higher education," a joint letter from the organizations read.
Why it matters to you It's a merging of two iconic game designers as Level-5 acquires a studio founded by Mega Man's co-creator.
During E3 2017, Mega Man co-creator Keiji Inafune told Famitsu that game developer Level-5 purchased their Japan-based game development studio, Comcept Inc. It's now called Level-5 Comcept and is currently working on an Android/iOS game called Dragon Colonies set to arrive in Japan sometime in 2018.
Inafune founded Comcept in December 2010 after leaving Capcom when the publisher canceled Mega Man Legends 3. Their staff of around 15 developers consists of veteran Mega Man designers as well as budding individuals who grew up with the franchise. The studio's name is supposedly a play on two words: Inafune's former employer and “concept.”
To date, Comcept has nine titles under its belt starting with 2011's Kaio: King of Pirates (3DS) to 2017's Red Ash: The Indelible Legend (Xbox One, Windows PC, PlayStation 4). Some of the notable games in the studio's library include Soul Sacrifice (PS Vita), Soul Sacrifice Delta (PS Vita), and ReCore (Windows 10, Xbox One).
“Although there are plans to close Comcept as it currently stands in the future, I will take responsibility for the titles I'm working on until the end,” Inafune told Famitsu.
Level-5 will presumably drop the Comcept name in the near future, with Inafune and their staff simply serving as Level-5's Osaka-based development studio. The status of Comcept's Tokyo-based office is unknown for now although it may be shut down so that Level-5 can focus on the studio in Osaka.
Level-5 president and CEO Akihiro Hino said that talks of acquiring Comcept began when the two studios were working on Guild 02 for the Nintendo 3DS handheld. The new Level-5 subsidiary will be under Hino's supervision, who will work directly with Inafune and their team to generate concepts and create awesome games that will clearly reflect their partnership.
“I had the feeling that I wanted to be like Hino since around the time I was at Capcom,” Inafune said.
Level-5 is based out of Fukuoka, Kyushu, an island located just off the southwestern point of Japan. The studio was founded in 1998 by Hino and has since produced a huge roster of games starting with 2000's Dark Cloud for the PlayStation 2. Other notable titles include Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King, the Professor Layton series, several Yo-kai Watch games, Time Travelers, and the Ni no Kuni series.
Dragon Colonies, the first game produced from the new collaboration, will focus on player-versus-player battles. Players will collect, strengthen, and battle each other using six-sided dice-shaped “Hacolonies.” Five sides of the die will be dedicated to dragons that are used as weapons while the sixth side will sport a crest. Once a crest is united with an opponent's crest, a battle begins to destroy the opponent's Hacolony.
It turns out that Millennials like to travel in packs not just to be social; the demographic born in the 1980s may have more travel concerns than other generations. A CWT Connected Traveler Study of 1,900 travelers from 16 countries found that while 58 percent of 24- to 34-year-olds travel with others, 71 percent of Baby Boomers and 58 percent of Gen Xers travel alone. As well as traveling with others, the study found that Millennials are more likely to buy travel insurance, and are more likely to cancel a trip due to safety concerns.
Shonda Rhimes, one of the best-known producers in television, is making the leap from ABC to Netflix. And the timing could not be more significant.
Rhimes' existing hit shows like "Grey's Anatomy" will keep airing on ABC. But they will develop new shows exclusively for the streaming service.
This is what's known as a production deal in Hollywood. Right now the Shondaland production company is affiliated with ABC Studios. But Rhimes and their producing partner Betsy Beers will move Shondaland to Netflix, where they will conceive "new series and other projects," according to an overnight announcement by Netflix.
Rhimes' biggest shows -- "Grey's Anatomy," "Scandal" and "How to Get Away with Murder" -- already stream on Netflix in various parts of the world after premiering on ABC.
Netflix wants Rhimes' future shows premiering on its streaming service, giving families even more reason to sign up and stay subscribed.
Rhimes said in a statement that they were looking for an "opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation." They said "the future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities."
Netflix is no doubt paying a huge sum of money to poach Shondaland. But the terms of the multi-year deal were not disclosed.
The Wall Street Journal, which broke the news, called it "the latest twist in a battle between Disney and Netflix for entertainment-industry supremacy."
That's because just last week Disney, which owns ABC, confirmed it will let its existing deal with Netflix expire in 2019 and go its own way by launching Disney-owned streaming services.
Others in Hollywood are plotting similar moves, entering more direct competition with Netflix, which is by far the biggest streaming service.
Part of Netflix's plan is recruiting A-listers like Rhimes to make exclusive shows.
Shondaland has had some misses along with hits.
"The Catch" and "Still Star-Crossed" both failed to gain enough of a following on ABC.
But "Grey's Anatomy" is one of the tentpoles of the network. It launched more than a decade ago and led Rhimes to take over an entire night of ABC's prime time lineup.
"Scandal" is coming to an end on ABC after one more season. But Rhimes and Beers have a "Grey's Anatomy" spinoff in the works for ABC.
"I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television," ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey said in a statement reacting to the Netflix news.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
FILE - In this June 8, 2017 file photo, Shri Thanedar, a scientist and entrepreneur who has experienced big highs and lows in business, announces their candidacy for Michigan governor during a news conference in Detroit. Second-term Gov. Rick Snyder's impending departure under term limits has led four Republicans and three Democrats into a battle to follow him. The Democratic side features former Senate Minority Leader Gretchen Whitmer and two candidates who have never held elective office: business person Shri Thanedar and ex-Detroit health director Abdul El-Sayed. Carlos Osorio, File AP Photo
