Pointe Claire, Quebec (webnewswire) December 10, 2017 – Future Electronics, a global leading distributor of electronic components, recently held its annual Advanced Engineering University event at the company's corporate headquarters in Montreal.
Robert Miller, President of Future Electronics, thanked the entire Future Electronics team for their efforts in planning, executing, and attending the Advanced Engineering University (AEU) event, which brought Engineers from all around the world to the company's corporate headquarters to attend an 8-day informative training event. The event included seminars presented by leading suppliers, covering the latest technology and industry innovations.
Platinum sponsors for this year's AEU were Infineon, Lumileds, Microchip, NXP, Renesas, and STMicroelectronics, with keynote speakers featured from each company.
Robert Miller founded Future Electronics in 1968. The company is known for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as providing differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design.
For more information about Future Electronics and access to the world's largest available-to-sell inventory, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com.
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as providing differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the Customer®.
For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com.
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
LONDON The deepening slump in shares of Allied Minds (ALML.L) took them below their listing price for the first time in nearly three years on Thursday and brought losses for the year to more than 60 percent.
Allied Minds, a company that funds technology and healthcare start-ups, was one of the hottest initial public offerings (IPO) in the U.K. in 2014, having risen by nearly threefold in the year after listing.
Over the past month, however, the stock, which has some high-profile shareholders on its roster including Neil Woodford's Woodford Investment Management and Invesco Asset Management, has come under severe selling pressure.
The stock suffered its worst single-day ever on Wednesday after it said it would pull the plug on seven units which made up about a quarter of its current portfolio.
Woodford's fund and their old firm, Invesco, own roughly half of Allied Minds, according to the latest filing data.
Neil Woodford defended their fund's holding in an interview with the Daily Telegraph dismissing the recent weakness as "short-term noise" and adding that restructuring would instead create value for shareholders.
(Reporting by Vikram Subhedar, Editing by Alasdair Pal)
AMSTERDAM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Philips Lighting, the world's largest maker of lights, reported better-than-expected core fourth-quarter earnings on Friday, underpinned by cost-cutting and lower research and development expenses.
Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, and amortisation (EBITA) came in at 207 million euros ($258.67 million), the company said, compared with 188 million euros a year ago. Analysts polled for Reuters had seen EBITA at 198 million euros.
PARIS France's financial prosecutor confirmed on Friday that it had carried out raids and conducted interviews as part of an international tax evasion probe carried out by the Eurojust organisation.
The financial prosecutor's office added in a statement that some 25 agents were working on the case. Its statement did not identify the names of any companies or individuals being probed.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
UPDATE 1-US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access Pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
March 30 Imperial Brands, the world's fourth-biggest tobacco company, stuck by its full-year guidance on Thursday as it said it would match first-half earnings expectations at constant currency and reported rates.
The maker of Winston, Gauloises and other cigarette brands said revenue and earnings per share were expected to be up strongly for the six months ending March 31, driven by the benefit of currency translation.
It anticipates a currency translation benefit on net revenue and profit of about 13 percent to 14 percent at current exchange rates.
However, Imperial Brands said it expected lower revenue and profit at constant currency rates, impacted by the phasing out of an 300 million pound investment plan.
First-half revenue at constant currencies was primarily driven down by a deterioration in industry volumes, as previously guided, Imperial Brands said. (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru, editing by David Evans)
TORONTO, March 30 Canada's main stock index fell on Thursday after posting its highest close in one month the day before, pressured by losses for the energy group even as oil prices rose.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 15.57 points, or 0.10 percent, at 15,642.06, shortly after the open. Just four of the index's 10 main groups were lower. (Reporting by Fergal Smith)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
April 3 Nikkei
* Hiday Hidaka is expected to post a 5% rise in parent-only operating profit to about 4.5 billion yen for year ended in February - Nikkei
* Hiday Hidaka Corp's sales probably climbed 5 percent to 38.5 billion yen for the year ended in February - Nikkei
* For the year ending February 2018, Hiday Hidaka is likely to project a further increase in both sales and profit - Nikkei Source text : [ID:s.nikkei.com/2o2Gy9G] Further company coverage:
The Rotary Club of Goleta held its “Step-Down” dinner party on Tuesday at the hilltop home of Rotary member hosts Don Galloway and wife Chris.
President Paul Clayton handed over the gavel to new Rotary President Michael Pitts for the year 2013-14.
It was an evening well attended by Rotary members, families and friends. Several past presidents — Martin Senn, Harold Schaff and John Illgen — took turns honoring and roasting Clayton as they stepped down from their role as president.
As the new president, Pitts will preside over the meetings and lead the Rotary Club of Goleta for the following year. Meetings are held at 6:30 p.m. the second and fourth Tuesdays at the Elephant Bar Restaurant, 521 Firestone Road in Goleta.
Pitts welcomes men and women who would like to become involved in community service to visit the Rotary meetings and to attend the biggest fundraising event of the year, the Fourth of July Fireworks Independence Celebration held at Girsh Park. Children younger than age 12 are free, and so are all the games, contest and crafts. Bring the family and enjoy a safe and fun Fourth of July and meet your local Rotary members who are serving our community.
For more information, email Pitts at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) and membership chair David Dart at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Click here to connect with the Rotary Club of Goleta on Facebook.
— Lynn Cederquist is publicity chairperson of the Rotary Club of Goleta.
An artist depiction of a life reconstruction of Teleocrater rhadinus feasting on a deep relative of mammals, Cynognathus, shown in this handout provided April 11, 2017. Credit: Natural History Museum, London, artwork by Mark Witton/Handout via REUTERS
Life model of the new species Teleocrater rhadinus, a close relative of dinosaurs, preying upon a juvenile cynodont, a distant relative of mammals is shown in this handout photo provided April 12, 2017. Courtesy Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales 'Bernardino Rivadavia' Buenos Aires, Argentina/model constructed by Marcelo Miñana/Handout via REUTERS
WASHINGTON Scientists have identified the oldest-known forerunner of the dinosaurs and are expressing surprise at how little it actually resembled one.
Researchers on Wednesday described fossils of a long-necked, four-legged, meat-eating reptile called Teleocrater rhadinus that reached up to 10 feet (3 meters) long and prowled a Tanzanian floodplain roughly 245 million years ago.
It lived during the Triassic Period millions of years before the first dinosaurs. Scientists called it a close cousin rather than a direct dinosaur ancestor.
Its appearance differed from what scientists had expected from the earliest representatives of the dinosaur evolutionary lineage. Teleocrater possessed an unexpected combination of crocodile-like and dinosaur-like characteristics.
"I'm surprised by the mosaic of features that it possesses," said paleontologist Ken Angielczyk of the Field Museum in Chicago, one of the researchers in the study published in the journal Nature.
"In terms of how it shakes up our understanding of dinosaur evolution, Teleocrater shows that the earliest members of the dinosaur lineage were very unlike dinosaurs, and that many 'typical' features of dinosaurs accumulated in a step-wise fashion instead of all evolving at close to the same time."
Dinosaurs belong to a larger group called archosaurs that about 250 million years ago cleaved into two branches: crocodilians in one and another that includes dinosaurs, extinct flying reptiles called pterosaurs, and birds, which evolved from feathered dinosaurs. Teleocrater is the oldest-known member of the dinosaur-pterosaur-bird archosaur branch.
Scientists had expected such a dinosaur forerunner to be a smallish, two-legged predator resembling early dinosaurs such as Herrerasaurus, which lived about 231 million years ago in Argentina. While dinosaur predators were bipedal, Teleocrater instead was four-legged, looking superficially like a modern Komodo dragon.
Virginia Tech paleontologist Sterling Nesbitt, the study's lead author, said fossils representing at least four individuals were found in southern Tanzania, representing about half the skeleton.
Much like a croc and unlike a dinosaur, Teleocrater's ankle joints could rotate from side to side as well as flexing up and down, providing a crocodile-like gait. It also boasted telltale dinosaur features such as characteristic depressions for jaw muscle attachment on the roof of the skull, extra surfaces for the backbones to attach to one another, and distinctive hip muscle attachments on the thigh bone.
Teleocrater's remains were found in the same Tanzanian region as fossils of the two-legged meat-eater Nyasasaurus, which lived perhaps a couple of million years later. Some scientists regard Nyasasaurus as the earliest-known dinosaur.
(Reporting by Will Dunham; Editing by Sandra Maler)
SEOUL, March 28 The remains of what appears to be at least one unrecovered victim of South Korea's sunken Sewol ferry were found near the salvaged vessel on Tuesday, an official said, nearly three years after the disaster that killed 304 people.
"Six pieces of remains that were found are 4 cm to 18 cm long," Lee Cheol-jo, an official at the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, told a briefing, adding that the remains appeared to have emerged through the vessel's windows.
The lengths are equivalent to 1.6 inch to 7 inches.
The ferry was raised last week and has been loaded onto a semi-submersible vessel to be taken to a nearby port. Lee declined to say how many victims the remains are suspected to belong to, but said DNA tests will be conducted. (Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Moldova's Prime Minister Pavel Filip gives a joint statement with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg after a meeting at NATO Headquarters in Brussels, Belgium March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
KIEV Amid the tumult of Brexit, Moldovan Prime Minister Pavel Filip on Friday vowed to keep their country on a European path and accused their rival, President Igor Dodon, of trying to pull the country back towards Russia for domestic political gain.
Filip is in Brussels this week for talks on reforms Moldova agreed to implement as part of a trade and political agreement with the European Union signed in 2014, and about plans to open a NATO liaison office in the Moldovan capital Chisinau.
Their visit coincided with Dodon announcing a referendum that the president hopes will ultimately pave the way for their Socialist party to take power and ditch Moldova's EU trade pact in favour of a Russian-dominated customs union.
Moldova has been ruled by a succession of pro-Western governments but a corruption scandal involving the looting of $1 billion from three local banks has sapped the popularity of pro-EU leaders.
Dodon signed a decree on Tuesday to hold a referendum in September on whether to give them greater powers to dissolve parliament and call a snap election. The referendum also proposes to cut the number of Moldovan MPs.
A snap election would mean more upheaval for Moldova after the turmoil caused by the banking scandal, which triggered waves of street protests and economic pain for ordinary citizens. Filip is the country's fifth prime minister since 2009.
"Our EU road is priority one," Filip told Reuters by phone from Brussels, speaking through a translator.
"This is the priority for both me and my colleagues, and we are only heading in one direction. This is an assurance that I wanted to make to all my counterparts here in Brussels."
Dodon says the EU agreement needlessly worsened relations with Moscow. Russia imposed retaliatory trade restrictions on Moldovan farm exports in response to the EU deal.
"I can understand what Dodon is doing but I don't think it's right," Filip said. "I think he's only using this position to pump up their image."
Filip said Moldova and Russia had agreed last year to set up a bilateral commission on trade relations.
"Now basically the ball is in the Russian Federation's court," they said.
Dodon has criticised plans for the NATO office. Filip dismissed concerns about it as scaremongering and said cooperation would help make the Moldovan army more professional.
Filip said they expected economic growth to be "towards 5 percent" in 2017.
(Editing by Andrew Roche)
VILNIUS (Sputnik) — NATO fighter jets carrying out an air policing mission in the Baltic region have intercepted and guided Russian aircraft eight times last week, the Lithuanian Defense Ministry said in a statement Monday.
“From August 7 to August 13, NATO fighter jets conducting the air-policing mission in the Baltic states, have flown over the Baltic Sea in the international waters eight times in order to identify and escort Russian aircraft,” the statement said.
Lithuania has no aircraft suitable for the airspace defense. Since the beginning of May, the mission in Lithuania is carried out by four Polish Air Force F-16 Fighting Falcon jets.
The Russian Defense Ministry has repeatedly stated that the flights of the country's Aerospace Forces are carried out in strict accordance with international regulations on the use of airspace over neutral waters.
© Sputnik/ Alexander Kovalev
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
* German yields hold above one-month lows
* 10 pct oil price rise boosts inflation outlook
* France's Macron clashes with Le Pen in presidential debate
* Polls show Macron has most convincing programme
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices)
By John Geddie
LONDON, April 5 A surge in oil prices and an easing of concerns over France's upcoming presidential election appeared to put the brakes on a fall in euro zone government bond yields on Wednesday.
Germany's 10-year bond yield - the bloc's benchmark - has halved over the last three weeks as investors reassessed fiscal stimulus from the United States and the time scale for the withdrawal of monetary easing in the single currency area.
But a near 10 percent rise in the price of oil over the last two weeks, and the inflationary impact that will bring, has started to make money managers reconsider the outright level of yields.
One of the justifications for these levels is the political risk posed by the two-stage French presidential election where far right eurosceptic leader Marine Le Pen is one of the leading contenders. The decisive run-off vote will be held on May 7.
Le Pen's chances, though, were seen as diminishing after a TV debate on Tuesday where a snap poll showed them to be the fourth most convincing candidate, trailing Jean-Luc Melenchon, Emmanuel Macron and Francois Fillon.
"The rally has been strong in recent days and an interruption in this trend should be expected," ING senior rates strategist Martin van Vliet said. "With the TV debate in France not showing a surprisingly strong showing for Le Pen, the flight to safety theme is weakening."
In a further sign that investor demand for safe haven German bonds was waning, bids at an auction of five-year paper on Wednesday came up short of the amount of offer in what is known as a "technical failure".
In secondary markets, German 10-year yields rose 1 basis point to 0.26 percent, off a one-month low of 0.24 percent breached Tuesday but still far from a 14-month high of 0.51 percent seen in the middle of last month.
Most other euro zone yields were flat or slightly higher on the day.
The gap between French and German bond yields was a fraction tighter after the presidential debate in which leading candidate Macron clashed sharply with Le Pen over Europe.
While polls indicated Macron lost out to the far-left's Melenchon as the most convincing performer in the debate, their programme for office was seen as the most credible of all the candidates.
With political fears easing, investor attention switched to oil, which hit a one-month high near $55 a barrel as declining U.S. crude inventories and an outage at the largest UK North Sea oilfield were seen to be clearing a glut.
The oil rise is expected to feed through into future inflation gauges closely watched by policymakers in the European Central Bank, some of whom are arguing that economic conditions warrant the withdrawal of its bond-buying scheme.
One of those measures - the five-year, five-year forward breakeven rate - climbed to 1.597 percent on Wednesday, away from a near five-month low of 1.564 percent seen last week.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Editing by Andrew Bolton)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
CORRECTED-Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Let us entertain you! We use cookies to ensure we can continue to deliver a personalised service, just for you. This is why we and our trusted Commerce Partners use 'cookies' to remember and store information about how you use our site.
If you would like to find out more, please read our updated Cookies Policy. You can also find more information in our updated Privacy Policy.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The United States' top diplomat landed in Mexico on Thursday with debate swirling over the government's efforts to win favor with Washington and save the NAFTA pact from collapse, sparking concerns it is ceding sovereignty to its northern neighbor.
Mexico has been at pains to prove itself a good ally to the United States on combating drug trafficking and immigration, in hopes this would help efforts to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement on as favorable terms as possible.
Those secret efforts sprang into view this week, when Reuters exclusively reported that Mexico is considering allowing U.S. air marshals aboard commercial cross-border flights, igniting a debate over what lengths Mexico should go to in order to win favor with its top trade partner.
“The question is, what else is (Foreign Minister Luis) Videgaray giving to Trump and their collaborators in exchange for preserving NAFTA?” Salvador Garcia Soto asked in their El Universal newspaper column, decrying Videgaray's “opaque” maneuvering.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson landed in Mexico City on Thursday afternoon and was due to have dinner with Videgaray and other senior Mexican government and national security officials at U.S. Ambassador Roberta Jacobson's residence.
Although Tillerson has not been a prominent player in the NAFTA discussions, the future of the treaty is certain to loom over their visit, especially at a trilateral meeting with Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland on Friday.
Mexico's government, and particularly the foreign ministry, has pushed hard to defend NAFTA, a lynchpin of its export-led economy, ahead of a July 2018 election in which the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party is currently polling third.
“All our efforts right now are based around NAFTA and making sure the pact doesn't collapse,” said a senior Mexican diplomat.
Videgaray has said closer cooperation with the United States is the best way to achieve Mexico's foreign policy aims.
“Obviously that would be something that we strongly want to avoid,” Videgaray said at an event in New York late last year, referring to NAFTA collapsing. “We realize that we could achieve much more by being constructive and by approaching the relationship looking for common ground ... with very active cooperation.”
Quizzed by ruling party lawmakers on Tuesday, Videgaray denied the air marshals were part of any NAFTA quid pro quo, but said the government was studying the plan.
CLOSER TIES
Tillerson's Mexico City visit is the first leg in a week-long Latin America trip in which they hope to keep up pressure on Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over their restrictions on domestic political opposition.
Earlier on Thursday, in a speech at their alma mater University of Texas at Austin, Tillerson raised the prospect that the Venezuelan military could decide to oust President Nicolas Maduro but said they did not know whether that would happen.
Tillerson insisted the Trump administration was not advocating “regime change” in Venezuela but said it would be “easiest” if Maduro chose to leave power on their own.
In their most important regional policy statement since their appointment, Tillerson also warned Latin American countries against excessive reliance on economic ties with China, while sounding alarm over Russia's growing presence.
Tillerson is due to meet with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, and Videgaray for a second time, on Friday, and they are certain to discuss Central American migration and drug trafficking, two areas in which Mexico has sought to work more closely with the United States since U.S. President Donald Trump took office.
Videgaray, who flew to Washington earlier this week ahead of Tillerson's arrival, is Pena Nieto's most trusted adviser, and has forged close ties with Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who serves as a senior advisor to the president.
The influential foreign minister has stepped to the fore of regional Latin American efforts to condemn Maduro's government and has also proved a good friend to the Trump administration on sensitive foreign policy issues including North Korea, Israel and Honduras.
Former Mexican diplomat and intelligence official Gustavo Mohar said it would be foolish to assume such efforts could yield a positive NAFTA result.
“The priority of Mexico's foreign policy in the short-term has been to reach an agreement with the Trump government on trade,” they said. “But that doesn't guarantee you anything, because this guy (Trump) is very unpredictable.”
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Wednesday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
Markit releases March service Pmi data (0745 GMT).
ISTAT releases monthly bulletin on the state of the economy in March (0800 GMT).
Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan speaks before Chamber of Deputies Budget, Transport, Industry committees and Senate V, IX, X committees on list of candidates to renew appointments in public companies (1800 GMT).
COMPANIES
ITALY BANKS
Struggling Italian regional lenders Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca confirmed on Tuesday the European Central Bank has estimated they have a combined capital shortfall of 6.4 billion euros ($6.8 billion) after stress tests by the regulator last year.
In almost identical statements, the two banks said that the ECB had indicated they both qualified for a so-called precautionary recapitalisation by the state.
(*) CATTOLICA ASSICURAZIONI
Popolare di Vicenza said on Wednesday it has sold 6.02 percent of Cattolica Assicurazioni through an accelerated book building at 7.25 euros per share, for a total of 76.125 million euros. The lender now holds 9.05 percent of the insurer.
(*) INTESA SANPAOLO
The lender has sent out a teaser for a project to create a securitisation special purpose vehicle in which a portfolio of problematic loans worth 1.35 billion euros guaranteed by real estate assets would include, Il Sole 24 Ore said.
(*) UNICREDIT
It is likely that the Libyan Central Bank did not subscribe UniCredit's capital increase and their stake in the lender may have shrunk to 0.7 percent, Il Sole 24 Ore said, citing S&P Market Intelligence data.
(*) TELECOM ITALIA
Deputy chairperson Arnaud de Puyfontaine hinted at their possible appointment as chairperson of the group in a meeting on Monday with Italian minority shareholder group Assogestioni, il Messaggero reported, citing sources.
After rejecting Telecom Italia's appeal against a tender launched by state-owned Infratel for ultrafast broadband rollout in so-called non-economically viable areas, the Lazio administrative court also rejected Fastweb's appeal, Il Sole 24 Ore reported.
Italian antitrust authority said on Tuesday it was launching a probe into "aggressive telemarketing" practices by Telecom Italian and Vodafone. (*) POSTE ITALIANE
The Kuwait Investment Authority has a 2.06 percent stake in Poste, Il Sole 24 Ore said, citing S&P Market Intelligence data.
ATLANTIA
A consortium led by a unit of Allianz is looking to buy a third of the 15 percent stake the Italian infrastructure group is selling in its Italian motorway business, two sources close to the matter said on Tuesday.
AZIMUT
The group said on Tuesday it sees a Q1 net profit of 57-67 million euros, revenues of 198-215 million euros.
PARMALAT
France's Lactalis has not secured the 90 percent stake in Parmalat It needed to press ahead with plans to delist the Italian food company, a filing showed on Tuesday.
ENI
Eni said on Tuesday it had reinstated board member Karina Litvack as member of the major's Controls and Risk Committee. The reinstatement follows a decision by Milan prosecutors to dismiss a case against them for allegations they had defamed the oil major, concluding there was no case to answer. (*) Morgan Stanley cut Eni to "underweight" saying recent outperformance driven by disposals are coming to an end and the focus has gone back to underlying free cash flow.
FINCANTIERI
CEO Giuseppe Bono speaks before Chamber of Deputies Industry Committee on 2016-2020 business plan implementation (1300 GMT).
BANCA CARIGE
The lender is due to provide answers to the European Central Bank by today, indicating measures to remedy flaws in its lending practices.
IL SOLE 24 ORE
The group said on Tuesday it plans to cut personnel costs by 30 percent by the end of Q2 2019.
Board meeting on FY results.
BFF IPO-BFARM.MI
The banking group said on Wednesday it prices IPO at 4.70 euros per share, giving the group a market capitalisation of 800 million euros.
BANCA MEDIOLANUM
Ordinary shareholders' meeting (0800 GMT).
EXOR
Board meeting on FY results.
UBI BANCA
Roadshow to celebrate 10-year anniversary (1530 GMT) in Bergamo.
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
MOSCOW Russia will veto a draft U.N. resolution being pushed by the United States, Britain and France which aims to bolster support for international inquiries into a deadly toxic gas attack in Syria, the Interfax news agency reported on Wednesday.
The U.N. Security Council could vote on the draft resolution later on Wednesday. It is similar to a text circulated to the 15-member council last week that condemns the April 4 attack and pushes Syria's government to cooperate with investigators.
Interfax cited Russian deputy foreign minister Gennady Gatilov as saying Russia would veto it in its current form.
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
BRIEF-Alior Bank says chairperson resigns
* SAID ON WEDNESDAY THAT IT RECEIVED A NOTIFICATION FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF ITS SUPERVISORY BOARD MICHAŁ KRUPIŃSKI INFORMING ABOUT Their RESIGNATION FROM MEMBERSHIP IN THE BANK'S SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THE FUNCTION OF CHAIRMAN AS OF JUNE 14
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
DUBLIN/BERLIN Britain must prioritize aviation in Brexit negotiations if it is to avoid major disruption to air travel, budget carrier Ryanair (RYA.I) warned on Wednesday, echoing growing concerns across the sector as Britain triggers its exit from the European Union.
Airlines based in the EU have the right to fly to, from and within any country in the bloc thanks to the single aviation market created in the 1990s, but Britain now has just two years to renegotiate access or come up with an alternative system.
"There is a distinct possibility that there may be no flights between the UK and Europe for a period of time after March 2019," Ryanair's chief marketing officer Kenny Jacobs said on Wednesday.
UK-based low-cost carriers, especially Luton-based easyJet (EZJ.L), are among those most affected by Brexit, because they typically make more use of the EU rights to fly between other member states and not just to and from the UK.
They could lose that right after Brexit. EasyJet said on Wednesday it was close to applying for a license to set up an operating company within the EU to protect its intra-EU flights. Its headquarters and listing would remain in Britain, it added.
Jacobs said there was no time to lose to strike an aviation deal between Britain and the EU, as airlines need to finalize their 2019 summer schedules in the first half of next year.
While British Prime Minister Theresa May has said no Brexit deal - and a return to World Trade Organisation rules - was better than a bad deal, aviation is not covered by WTO, creating greater uncertainty over what might happen.
Since Britain's June 23 vote to leave the EU, easyJet shares are down 35 percent, Wizz Air's (WIZZ.L) are down 18 percent, Ryanair's are up 4 percent and British Airways owner IAG's (ICAG.L) are up 0.7 percent. Shares in Germany's Lufthansa (LHAG.DE), meanwhile, are up 24 percent.
PUSH BACK
European airports have also called for a back-up plan, saying a return to decades-old traffic rights deals should be avoided. Traffic rights between Germany and Britain could revert back to a bilateral deal from 1955.
But while some in the industry want to push aviation to the top of the negotiating list, there has been some push back.
German aviation association BDL has said it supports the German government view of not allowing any cherry-picking in Brexit talks and Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr said they expected France and Germany would not agree to prioritizing aviation.
"The UK airlines say they want a shortcut. But that's something Hollande and Merkel won't do," they said in Frankfurt earlier this week in comments confirmed by the company.
Another issue for airlines is ownership structure. Ryanair was 53.6 percent owned by EU nationals in mid-2016, including 20 percent ownership by UK nationals, meaning that following Brexit it may fall foul of rules stating that EU carriers must be majority-owned by EU investors.
However, Jacobs told Reuters in a recent interview that they didn't expect that to be a problem.
"If you look at our investor base, they are big international investors with offices all over Europe and could transfer the shares. So I think that will be solved," they said.
Ryanair sets out in a document to shareholders on its website the actions it can take to limit share ownership by non-EU nationals.
In the case of easyJet, the 34 percent shareholding owned by founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou and their family could be classed as Cypriot, rather than British, in order to meet the requirement to still be classed as a EU airline.
(Reporting by Conor Humphries and Victoria Bryan; Editing by Keith Weir and Mark Potter)
March 28 Hyundai Dream Together 4th Special Purpose Acquisition Co Ltd :
* Says it proposes to change company name to KB Dream Together 4th Special Purpose Acquisition Co,. LTD from Hyundai Dream Together 4th Special Purpose Acquisition Co,. LTD due to a merger
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/U1MCff
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Nyrstar NV:
* Announced on Thursday sale of Campo Morado mine for a total cash consideration of $20 million
* Closing of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to occur by Q3 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
* Royal decree boosts Saudi consumer shares
* General market confidence lifted, volume jumps to 7-week high
* Dairy producer Almarai up on Q1 results
* Other Gulf markets quiet
* Egypt corrects sharply
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, April 23 Saudi stocks rose in heavy volumes on Sunday as investors cheered news that King Salman had issued a royal decree restoring financial allowances for civil servants and military personnel, while Egypt fell steeply on profit taking.
The allowances were reduced last September as part of austerity measures due to low oil prices. Officials said on Saturday the cuts had been cancelled because of better-than-expected budgetary performance in the first quarter of 2017.
The move is likely to boost consumption, benefiting the retail and food sectors, according to economists at Riyadh-based Alrajhi Capital.
On Sunday consumer cyclical shares, which have been underperforming the market in the past year, were among the top gainers, helping push the index up 1.0 percent.
Electronics retailer Jarir surged 8.3 percent in its heaviest daily trading volume this year and home improvement retailer Saudi Company for Hardware (SACO) jumped 8.9 percent in unusually heavy trade.
Shares of the Gulf's largest dairy producer, Almarai , rose 1.7 percent after reporting a first quarter net profit of 328.3 million riyals ($87.55 million), up 13.7 percent from a year earlier. Four analysts polled by Reuters forecast a net profit of 337.4 million riyals.
Almarai attributed its improved results to better cost management, lower commodity costs and lower general expenses and said it will continue "to focus on costs control, efficiency gains and cash-flow preservation".
Other sectors such as banks, especially those exposed to the retail segment, are also likely to benefit from the restored allowance to the Saudi, the Alrajhi analysts said.
"The reversal of the allowance cut also highlights improved confidence in the economy, which is positive for the equities market in general," said Alrajhi Capital.
Analysts said, however, that other economic measures such as permitting only Saudi nationals to work at retail outlets, may lead to higher operating expenses in the near term while other fiscal policies, such as next year's introduction of value added tax, will likely hurt retailers' earnings.
Sunday also marks the first day of the Saudi stock exchange settling trades within two business days of execution, a practice called T+2, rather than the previous same day settlement.
In contrast to the Saudi market, other bourses in neighbouring Gulf states experienced a quiet day. Kuwait's index edged up 0.1 percent in below 10-day average volumes, while in Qatar the index lost 0.4 percent, with petrochemicals producer Industries Qatar dropping 1.8 percent as crude oil prices fell to a three-week low on Friday.
Stock markets in the United Arab Emirates were closed for a public holiday.
EGYPT
Cairo's index dropped 2.8 percent to 12,544 points, it the largest single day decline since Jan. 23, as local traders exited positions with all but two of the 30 most traded shares declining, bourse data showed.
"Lack of fresh news has left the index vulnerable to a correction and this may continue, and it may test support at around 11,900 points," said a Cairo-based trader.
Cairo for Oil and Soap was the worst performer on Sunday, slumping 8.8 percent.
SUNDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index rose 1.0 percent to 6,969 points.
QATAR
* The index lost 0.4 percent to 10,197 points.
EGYPT
* The index dropped 2.8 percent to 12,545 points.
KUWAIT
* The index added 0.08 percent to 6,819 points.
OMAN
* The index flat at 5,475 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index edged up 0.2 percent at 1,337 points.
(Editing by Clelia Oziel)
NEW YORK A unit of a large semiconductor investment fund linked to the Chinese state has agreed to buy U.S. semiconductor testing company Xcerra Corp (XCRA.O) for $580 million (467.37 million pounds) in cash, the companies said on Monday.
The deal is subject to approval by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), a government panel that reviews acquisitions by foreign entities for potential national security risks. CFIUS has cracked down on technology deals related to the semiconductor industry.
The buyer is Unic Capital Management, a subsidiary of Sino IC Capital that was founded last year, the companies said in a news release. Sino IC Capital was established in August 2014 and has approximately RMB 138.7 billion ($20.9 billion) in funds under management to invest in the semiconductor space.
Unic is paying $10.25 per share in cash for Xcerra. Xcerra shares gained 7 percent to close at $9.63 on Monday. That was still below Unic's offer price, indicating some market scepticism about the deal closing.
The deal is expected to close by year-end.
Chinese suitors have faced intense scrutiny from regulators in their pursuit of U.S. chipmakers, resulting in some failed deals in recent years.
According to the website of a Sino IC shareholder, China Development Bank Capital, Beijing-based Sino IC has at least eight shareholders and was created with the support of the “leaders in the general office of the State Council and the relevant ministries.” The State Council refers to the Chinese Cabinet.
The “overall idea” of Sino IC's investment strategy is to focus on the national development of China's integrated circuit industry and “ease the investment bottleneck” in the sector, the website said. Of the eight listed shareholders of Sino IC, at least seven are owned by or affiliated with the Chinese state, according to the websites of the companies and Chinese corporate filings. Xcerra declined to comment when asked about Sino IC's shareholders.
Massachusetts-based Xcerra designs and manufactures equipment to test semiconductors and circuit boards. It does not make semiconductors. It is able to seek other buyers for the next 35 days under terms of the merger agreement.
Xcerra was advised by Cowen and Company LLC and Latham & Watkins LLP. Sinoc IC was advised by Grant Thornton International and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati.
Sino IC shareholders include China Development Bank Capital, a unit of China Development Bank [CHDB.UL], a state-owned Chinese development bank; and China Mobile Ltd (0941.HK), China's state-owned wireless carrier.
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Koh Gui Qing in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
International Monetary Fund logo is seen inside the headquarters at the end of the IMF/World Bank annual meetings in Washington, U.S., October 9, 2016. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
ATHENS The International Monetary Fund may finance Greece's current bailout program with a small amount for one year, the country's government spokesperson said on Thursday, adding that the issue was under discussion between Athens and its creditors.
Greece's current bailout, its third since the debt crisis broke out seven years ago, ends in 2018. The second review of its progress on reforms has dragged on for months, mainly due to a rift between the EU and the IMF over its fiscal targets.
"What is under discussion is a small IMF funding program, which will last for one year and end at the same time with the ESM (European Stability Mechanism) program, in August 2018," Dimitris Tzanakopoulos told reporters.
Greece wants to conclude the review as soon as possible to receive bailout loans to pay off debt maturing in July.
The review will also help the country qualify for inclusion in the European Central Bank's quantitative easing program, which would help its return to bond markets before its program ends.
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras faces national elections in 2019.
But the review talks have dragged on and the IMF has not yet decided whether to join the latest bailout. The fund's participation is seen as a condition for Germany to unlock new funds to Greece.
Athens hopes to discuss the fund's participation, its post-bailout fiscal path and the prospect of further debt relief at the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund's spring Meetings in Washington this week.
Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos is expected to meet the IMF's Chief Christine Lagarde and German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble on Friday.
EU and IMF mission chiefs will return to Athens on April 25, Tzanakopoulos said, to finalize a set of reforms Greece agreed to adopt to convince the IMF to participate with funds in its current bailout.
However, the EU Commission said on Thursday that there was no date yet for the mission chiefs' return to Athens.
It is unlikely that the bailout review will be wrapped up before May 22, when euro zone finance ministers are set to meet in Brussels to discuss the Greek issue, the spokesperson said.
"I don't think it is possible to make it, to conclude the bailout review before May 22," Tzanakopoulos said.
(Reporting by Renee Maltezou and Angeliki Koutantou; Editing by Alison Williams)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
JAKARTA, March 30 Indonesia's latest issuance of U.S.-dollar denominated Islamic bonds attracted greater investment from funds in the United States, an Indonesian government official said on Thursday.
Southeast Asia's largest economy raised $3 billion this week from a dual-tranche sukuk sale, the highest amount the country has ever raised, said Robert Pakpahan, finance ministry's director general of financing and risk management.
U.S. investors bought a total of $790 million of the 5-year and 10-year Islamic bonds, which were priced at 3.4 percent and 4.15 percent, respectively.
In March last year, U.S. investors only subscribed to about $277.5 million of the $2.5 billion sukuk sold by Indonesia, according to government data. The 5-year sukuk was also priced at 3.4 percent at the time, while the 10-year sukuk was priced at 4.55 percent.
The rising interest from American investors came despite Indonesia offering a smaller spread between its yield and that of the U.S. treasury notes.
In the past 12 months, there have been two U.S. interest rate hikes and three rate cuts in Jakarta.
"American investors became more convinced that sukuk is an instrument they can trust with the same quality as the conventional ones," Pakpahan said.
The Indonesian sukuk is now eligible for JPMorgan's EMBI Global Diversified Index, Thomson Reuters' publication IFR reported earlier this week, saying the change had prompted some investors to buy in larger size and made it easier for others to decide to participate.
Pakpahan said Indonesia will sell two more foreign currency-denominated debts this year - in euro and yen. The timing of each issuance would depend on many aspects, including elections in a few European countries, they added.
Last month, Pakpahan told at an investor conference call that the Indonesian government expected to sell a total of $5.5 billion worth of bonds to global markets this year, including the U.S.-dollar sukuk. (Reporting by Hidayat Setiaji; Writing by Gayatri Suroyo; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
May 3 SendR Se
* Signed a sale and transfer agreement with Orchard Enterprises Entertainment GmbH as purchaser and sony music entertainment
* Purchase price for shares is not a fixed amount
* Board will soon call a general assembly to which approval will be proposed
* Estimates purchase price for shares will probably be in a range between 19,6 million euros and 21,6 million euros
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Epoxy Curing Agents Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Olin Corporation (Dow), Hexion, Huntsman, KUKDO, Reichhold, Atul, Aditya Birla Group, BASF, Evonik, Air Products, Royce International, Cardolite, Gabriel Performance Products, Mitsubishi Chemical, Incorez, Hitachi Chemical, Cargill, Dasen Material, Rich Chemical, Shangdong DEYUAN, Yun The Industrial.
The report begins with introducing the global Epoxy Curing Agents market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Epoxy Curing Agents report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-epoxy-curing-agents-market/5925/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Epoxy Curing Agents Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Amine-Based Products, Anhydrides Based Products, Other Type.
Epoxy Curing Agents Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Coatings, Construction, Electrical & Electronics, Wind Energy, Adhesives, Composites.
Key points in the Epoxy Curing Agents Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-epoxy-curing-agents-market/5925/#inquiry
From all of this Epoxy Curing Agents market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Epoxy Curing Agents market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Epoxy Curing Agents distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 5 San Miguel Corp:
* Refers to news article "SMC global readies third-quarter listing" posted in Manila Standard on April 4
* Intends to list in the Philippine stock exchange and pursue an intial public offering of the shares of SMC global power holdings corp
* Proceeds realized from offering shall be used to acquire and build Greenfield Power Projects Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Benoit Hamon, French Socialist party 2017 presidential candidate, reacts as they deliver a speech at La Mutalite meeting hall in Paris after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
Benoit Hamon, French Socialist party 2017 presidential candidate, delivers a speech at La Mutalite meeting hall in Paris after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
PARIS Senior French conservatives and Socialist presidential candidate Benoit Hamon said on Sunday that they would back centrist Emmanuel Macron in a May 7 runoff against far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
After initial projections indicated Macron and Le Pen had qualified for the second round, Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon told supporters their party had suffered an "historic blow" from its voter base and called on voters to back Macron and reject Le Pen in "the strongest possible way".
On the other side of the traditional political spectrum, former prime minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin, a member of defeated candidate Francois Fillon's The Republicans party, said: "Without hesitation, as far as I'm concerned we've got to rally behind Emmanuel Macron."
(Reporting by Ingrid Melander, Michel Rose, Bate Felix, John Irish; writing by Leigh Thomas, editing by Andrew Callus)
May 3 Tesla Inc:
* Quarterly loss per share $2.04
* Quarterly non-GAAP loss per share $1.33
* Q1 revenue $2.70 billion versus $1.15 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.81, revenue view $2.62 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 automotive revenue $2.29 billion versus $1.03 billion last year
* Tesla says Model 3 on track for initial production in July
* Tesla says first half outlook remains unchanged at 47,000 to 50,000 deliveries
* Says $4.0 billion of cash on hand heading into Q2
* Says Model 3 vehicle development is nearly complete as co approaches the start of production
* Says expect Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses to be flat to slightly up from Q1
* Says this year, plan to add nearly 100 retail, delivery and service locations globally, representing an approximately 30% increase in facilities
* Says expect that year-to-date capital expenditures will be slightly over $2 billion by the time co starts Model 3 production
* Says preparations at production facilities on track to support the ramp of Model 3 production to 5,000 vehicles per week at some point in 2017
* Says expect additional investments through the remainder of the year as co increases automation and add production capacity
* Says preparations at production facilities on track to support the ramp of Model 3 production to 10,000 vehicles per week at some point in 2018
* Says plan to start pilot manufacturing of solar roof tiles in Q2 at its Fremont facility
* Says in 2017, expects to at least double the number of superchargers, destination charging connectors globally to more than 10,000 and 15,000, respectively
* Says working towards fully staffing more than 70 Tesla stores in U.S., abroad with dedicated Tesla Energy sales people over next two quarters
* Says solar energy generation deployments in Q1 2017 declined year-over-year, but had better financial results
* Says moving past Q2, as Model 3 becomes available, one of co's challenges will be to eliminate any misperception about differences between Model S and Model 3
* Says "our energy generation and storage business is positioned for accelerating growth later this year"
* Says expect that Model S and Model X vehicle costs should continue to decline each quarter
* Says "we continue to be confident about achieving the cost synergies and cash generation targets established when we acquired SolarCity"
* Says non-GAAP automotive gross margin should decline by about 250 basis points in Q2 Source text: bit.ly/2qA1zXO Further company coverage:
Americans Tristan Charboneau and Marshal Weltin made their EMX250 debuts last weekend at the first round of the series at the MXGP of Trentino. This off-season both riders signed with Bud Racing Kawasaki to contest the entire EMX250 series in Europe in 2017.
Charboneau, who rode for GEICO Honda in Lucas Oil Pro Motocross in 2016, and raced the 250SX West Region earlier this year with Bud Racing (he failed to make a main event), finished ninth in the opening moto of the season on Saturday. On Sunday, the Washington native experienced a bike issue with a lap to go and finished 36th. They finished 15th overall on the day.
“Qualifying was not so bad with the 14th gate pick, and in the first moto I got a decent start. The track was mainly one line on Saturday and it was difficult to pass, I came back to ninth and was not super pumped with this place,” they said in a team statement. “Sunday the feeling was much better on the track and I came back to fifth when the clutch failed in the last lap.”
Weltin, the Michigan native who received help from Justin Barcia to make their pro debut in 2015, had to go through the LCQ to make the motos. According to a Bud Racing team release, Weltin was disqualified from the first moto after they went off the track and didn't reenter in the same spot. In the second moto, they finished 11th and 18th overall on the day.
“Qualifying was tight, everyone was so close with time but unfortunately I had a couple of bad lines and that cost me some seconds, it was a problem this weekend,” they said in a team statement. “I had a tough last chance qualifying race but qualified in the last lap to get the last gate pick. It was embarrassing for me as I had such high expectation coming to this race. Next week we'll race in the sand, I come from Michigan and I'm used to riding in sand, but it will be more technical as always. But I'm excited to go there.”
Round 2 of the championship takes place at Valkenswaard this weekend.
May 2 Emerson Electric Co
* Says qtrly sales of $3.6 billion were flat versus the prior year on both a net and underlying basis
* Sees fy earnings per share $2.55 to $2.65 from continuing operations
* Q2 earnings per share $0.58 from continuing operations
* Emerson electric co- automation solutions net sales are expected to be down 3 to 4 percent for 2017
* Emerson electric co- commercial & residential solutions net and underlying sales are expected to be up 5 to 6 percent for 2017
* Emerson electric- "considering our solid performance in the first half of the fiscal year and current order trends," raising fy sales, eps guidance
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.58, revenue view $3.50 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Clarifies in last paragaph debt mountain is relative to GDP)
By Jeremy Gaunt
ATHENS May 2 Pretty much everyone agrees that Greece needs debt relief; what they don't agree on is what debt relief means.
Easing Greece's fiscal path forward is likely to be the next great struggle in the country's agonising, seven-year, three-package bankruptcy saga now that a bailout pact has opened the door a crack to discussions on relief.
Only this time it will not just pit Greece against its lenders, but lender against lender as well.
Start with the numbers: At the last count, the Greek government owed 314 billion euros ($343 billion) despite writing off about 100 billion euros owed to private bondholders in 2012.
That's more than the gross domestic product of South Africa.
It's also equivalent to around 179 percent of GDP, a ratio which despite improvements in Greece's economic performance goes up every time lenders make a bailout payment to Athens.
This is why debt relief is on the agenda -- with Greece perhaps quixotically pushing for something as early as May 22, when the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers meets to sign off on Tuesday's staff-level pact on support for Athens.
The battle will be fought on a number of fronts.
Firstly, there is the issue of whether the International Monetary Fund will participate financially in the current, third bailout.
The IMF says Greece's debt is unsustainable -- with or without the reform measures taken -- and it doesn't want to keep throwing money at the problem while that is so. Indeed, it is not allowed to by its charter.
"For the IMF to be entering into a programme with Greece would require that the programme can walk on two legs. One leg is the leg of reforms and the other leg is that of debt sustainability," IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said last month.
The European Union lenders -- the European Commission, European Central Bank and European Stability Mechanism -- want the IMF involved, primarily because it brings in an outside enforcer.
But the Europeans themselves have so far refused to say what they plan to do, preferring a general pledge to provide debt relief once certain reform criteria are achieved.
Germany, for one, does not want to show this year's voters it is doing Greece a favour using German taxpayers' money.
That is not enough for the IMF.
DETAILS, DETAILS
Then there is the question of what kind of debt relief to offer Greece. There is something of an edifice in place here, but so far it is a wall without cement.
There is no longer any talk of debt "forgiveness" - simply letting Greece off paying back its debt. The euro zone says there is no provision for that under its rules.
But there is less objection to stretching out payments, cutting interest on the EU debt and making repayments flexible enough that they do not amount to more than 15 percent of Greece's GDP annually.
For its part, the IMF cannot legally change its repayment structure, which in turn slightly undermines its demands of the EU.
How far to stretch out payments, where to cut interest rates to, and even what part of the debt is included are all issues to be argued over.
One more opportunity for a clash is over just how much of a primary budget surplus -- the budget balance excluding debt repayments -- Athens has to run for its debt to be sustainable.
The IMF says Greece can hit 2.2 percent in 2018 and aim at 3.5 percent annually in 2019-2021. After that, though, it says it should only be 1.5 percent.
Euro zone lenders, however, want Greece to sustain a 3.5 percent primary surplus target over a slightly longer period to be able to pay the annual interest rates for its debt. After that, it is publicly undecided.
Few other European Union countries run surpluses of the size that Greece is being told to reach and sustain.
But then, none of them have a debt mountain relative to GDP the size of the South African economy. ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Additional reporting by Renee Maltezou; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
World President Jim Yong Kim participates in a discussion 'Investing in the Early Years: Identifying Synergies and Catalyzing Action' at the World Bank headquarters in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. President Donald Trump walks from Marine One as they return from a day trip to Wisconsin on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
LONDON The most important conversations about Europe's economy today are happening in Washington, as world finance leaders gather there for the spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.
The avowed aim of many euro zone finance officials will be to try and deflect U.S. President Donald Trump's still-evolving policies away from a protectionism they fear can only harm prospects for jobs and growth in their national economies.
Trump's camp may however simply choose to ignore their lobbying - the United States already insisted last month that an anti-protectionism pledge be dropped from a Group of 20 communiques issued in Baden-Baden, Germany.
Closer to home, British opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn launches their Labour Party's national election campaign today with a call to defeat the "cosy cartel" that protects the interests of the wealthy to the detriment of ordinary Britons.
That theme speaks to evidence that many of Labour's social and economic policies resonate with voters in a way that Corbyn as a leader does not - while its policy on Brexit is for many almost indistinguishable from that of PM Theresa May. The latest YouGov poll released overnight nonetheless continues to suggest a resounding win for May in the snap June 8 vote: their Conservative Party leads with 48 percent, with Labour on just 24 percent.
In Europe's other big election, the 11 candidates in France's presidential race take part in a television special tonight. That replaces a head-to-head debate which was abandoned when the candidates failed to agree on the timeframe.
Three days before the first round of voting, this could be one of the last opportunities for the candidates to influence the outcome. Latest polling shows independent Emmanuel Macron stretching their lead out slightly to three points ahead of the FN's Marine Le Pen - still within the margin of error.
MARKETS AT 0755 GMT
As various strands of the global reflation trade unwind, perhaps the most important one is oil. Fresh evidence of oversupply there sent Brent crude plummeting more than 3 percent to dip briefly under $53 late on Wednesday - its lowest in about three weeks. Although Brent has clawed back the $53 handle this morning, this big reversal of recent crude gains underlines the pullback in U.S. bond yields and will be a key factor for central banks assessing their next course of action over the coming months.
While the Fed's latest Beige Book assessment of the U.S. economy last night was fairly upbeat, ECB officials including board member Coeure and chief economist Praet were yesterday at pains to stress the euro zone central bank was not considering any tightening of policy at this point. Unusually against that backdrop, German short-term bund yields popped higher on speculation the ECB might do something to ease a collateral squeeze in money markets.
But if the Fed is looking at both incoming data and the latest updates from the Q1 earnings season, it may be inclined to back off any thoughts of another rate hike in June too.
IBM's big miss on Wednesday sent its stock price down almost 5 percent, following on from misses from Goldman Sachs and Johnson & Johnson earlier in the week and offsetting more impressive readings from some big banks including JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Future markets now have the chances of a June rate hike at about 50-50.
G20 finance ministers and central bank chiefs gather in Washington later for a working dinner ahead of tomorrow's full-blown meeting on the sidelines of the IMF's Spring meeting.
Any review or changes to their Baden-Baden statement on trade and currencies will be watched closely, but the overall tone of monetary policy on the sidelines may well be most sensitive. BoE chief Mark Carney speaks separately later in DC. So after a 0.2 percent drop in the S&P500 last night, it was a mixed session in Asia with little overall direction given the plethora of political and economic uncertainties currently unresolved.
The dollar index is 0.2 pct lower, with euro/dollar now comfortably above $1.07 going into the weekend French elections and the 10-year French/German debt spreads steady at about 67 basis points. European stocks are expected to open lower, even though decent incoming earnings report buoyed euro indices on Wednesday.
The FTSE and sterling unperformed as investors assess the next six weeks of a UK election campaign.
(editing by John Stonestreet)
FILE PHOTO - A Royal Mail van crosses Lambeth Bridge with the Houses of Parliament behind it, in central London, September 12, 2013. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh/File Photo
A Royal Mail postal van is parked outside homes in Maybury near Woking in southern England March 25, 2014. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
LONDON Britain's Royal Mail will close its defined benefit pension scheme at the end of March 2018 after a review found it would need to more than double annual contributions to over 1 billion pounds to keep the plan running.
Royal Mail, the British postal service privatised in 2013, said it was one of only a few major companies that still had employees in a defined benefit scheme, a type of pension that pays out according to final salary and length of service.
Around 90,000 Royal Mail workers are in the plan, whose closure to new members in 2008 resulted in about 40,000 workers joining a less generous defined contribution plan.
The company, which pays around 400 million pounds a year into the defined benefits scheme, said it was currently in surplus, but it expected the surplus to run out in 2018.
"We have concluded that there is no affordable solution to keeping the plan open in its current form," the company said.
It said it was working with its unions on a "sustainable and affordable solution" for the provision of future pension benefits. Entitlements built up until the scheme closes will be unaffected.
The Communications Workers Union (CWU), however, condemned the closure, saying it would result in employees on average losing up to a third of their future pensions.
"CWU has made clear that any attempt by the company to impose change without agreement will be met with the strongest possible opposition including a ballot for strike action," said Ray Ellis, the union's acting deputy general secretary.
INCREASING COSTS
British companies are facing increasing costs to fund pensions as people live longer and investment returns on bonds have fallen and are expected to remain low.
German carmaker BMW said last month it would close its final salary pension scheme for its British workers, while Tata Steel UK has recently stopped funding its plan.
Shares in Royal Mail were trading up 1.6 percent at 426 pence by 0732 GMT.
Analysts at Liberum noted a 600 million pounds jump in contributions was unfeasible for a company forecast to make underlying pretax profit of 522 million pounds in the year before the scheme ends.
"However, the imposition of the closure of the scheme without agreement on replacement arrangements, while necessary, may be a trigger for industrial action," they said. "How the unions react will be crucial."
Hargreaves Lansdown analyst Nicholas Hyett said that with a highly unionised workforce, which has in the past shown itself willing to flex its muscle in defence of members' rights, introducing an alternative plan was likely to prove costly.
"Whether those costs will be in the form of chunky employer contributions to a new defined contribution scheme or lost revenue from industrial action remains to be seen," Hyett said.
Royal Mail started its own defined benefits pension scheme in 2012 ahead of its privatisation. Benefits built up by its workers until then are backed by the government.
(Editing by Kate Holton and David Holmes)
(Repeats to widen distribution with no changes)
By Jarrett Renshaw and Devika Krishna Kumar
NEW YORK, April 28 U.S. refiners have come out of maintenance season betting that big exports to Mexico and South America will help alleviate high product inventories and boost margins as the critical summer driving season nears.
The first wave of earnings results from several large independent U.S. refiners showed that they are not chasing U.S. gasoline profits, due to already high inventories and steady-but-not-spectacular demand. Instead, they are taking advantage of demand from places like Mexico and South America, where sputtering local refineries cannot meet customer needs.
Marathon Petroleum Corp, which just completed its largest-ever quarter of turnaround projects at its three Gulf Coast refineries, expects to process more crude than ever in the second quarter, the company said in its earnings release on Thursday.
"The export book continues to be strong," Marathon CEO Gary Heminger said Thursday, noting that they expect company exports to grow from about 200,000 bpd earlier this year to 300,000 bpd in the second quarter. It is expected to process about 1.82 million bpd in the second quarter.
Valero Energy Corp, the largest U.S. independent refiner by capacity, said it expected its 15 refineries to run up to 96 percent of their combined capacity of 3.1 million barrels per day (bpd) in the second quarter.
There is concern, however, that high run rates might exceed the ability of refiners to export products. U.S. gasoline inventories, which had been drawing down, have rebounded to uncommonly high levels for the season, sapping refining margins.
Jack Lipinski, CEO of CVR Energy Inc, said they fear a repeat of last year, when high inventories crushed margins. The company's two refineries are landlocked and have no direct access to export markets.
"Even though we are seeing exports increasing, the increase in production is offsetting that," Lipinski said on an earnings call Thursday.
Refinery crude runs hit a record 17.3 million bpd last week and capacity utilization rates hit their highest level since November 2015.
"Right now, we are running at summer peak levels. If we stay at this level for several months, rising inventories will overwhelm exports," said Mark Broadbent, a refinery analyst at Wood Mackenzie. "If we stay at lower levels, then exports can help balance inventories."
The four-week average for exports of finished motor gasoline jumped to 643,000 bpd from 395,000 bpd a year ago while exports of distillate fuel oil climbed to 1.11 million bpd versus 1.01 million bpd a year earlier, EIA data showed.
However, March's middle distillate export loadings were at an 11-month low, while gasoline export loadings to Latin America have been anchored in the 600,000-bpd range for the past couple of months, said Matt Smith, who tracks cargoes for New York-based Clipperdata.
U.S. refiners, particularly in the Gulf Coast, have cashed in on soaring demand for refined products from Mexico, even as margins CL321-1=R have languished at the lowest levels in about seven years seasonally.
The silver lining has been diesel markets. East Coast refiners are stepping up exports of diesel despite a regional deficit of the fuel as strong overseas demand, particularly in Europe, is proving more profitable.
"It's a distillate world out there," said Scott Shelton, energy futures broker with ICAP in Durham, North Carolina. They said ultimately the narrowing in gasoline's premium to diesel RBc1-HOc1 should prompt more diesel refining, tightening gasoline supplies. That spread hit a four-year seasonal low on Thursday. (Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Jarrett Renshaw in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
LONDON, March 29 Sex Pistols frontman John Lydon, better known as Johnny Rotten, this week releases a book of their lyrics spanning more than 40 years and says they have no plan to stop writing music.
The "Anarchy in the UK" and "God Save the Queen" singer this week releases "Mr Rotten's Songbook", a collection of their annotated lyric sheets from punk band Sex Pistols and the more experimental Public Image Limited (PiL), as well as never-before-seen artwork.
"I'm never going to stop, it's the only thing I found that I'm any good at, that's debatable if I'm actually good at it but it's as good as I can get," Lydon told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday.
"It's the 127 songs I have written so far in my illustrious career," they said. "I started doing little drawings and doodles to try and remember the exact scenarios at the time...But the combination of the two became really, really enjoyable for me."
The inspiration for the sell-out publication came from a tour to China where the 61-year-old said authorities wanted to see their written work. Publication has been limited to 1,000 copies.
Asked what fans can expect, Lydon, who formed Public Image Limited (PiL) after the Sex Pistols split, said: "I hope a great sense of joy, fun but also the tragedy and pain of what certain songs do for me."
Speaking on the day Britain filed divorce papers from the European Union, Lydon also shared their views on Brexit.
"I would have voted in but (leaving) is what most people now have gone for and I'll back them completely because I believe in democracy," they said. "The EU created some serious problems here for many, many people."
Lydon also touched on U.S. President Donald Trump's first two months in the White House, saying: "I think the world needed someone as argumentative as Donald."
"How is they anti-establishment? It's business, business as usual and there might be actually some hope and a chance for things to actually progress somewhat," Lydon said.
"He's an antagonist and antagonism has always been there in me whether I ask for it or not." (Reporting By Francis Maguire; editing by Richard Lough)
MELBOURNE Perth Glory will take on A-League Premiers' Plate winners Sydney FC next week for a spot in the Grand Final after seeing off Tim Cahill's Melbourne City 2-0 in the second of the competition's elimination playoffs on Sunday.
Spaniard Diego Castro put Perth in front in the 16th minute before Joel Chianese claimed a second on the half hour mark as Kenny Lowe's team defeated City just a week after seeing their side win a nine-goal thriller between the teams in the regular season.
Perth will now take on regular season table-toppers Sydney FC on Saturday with a place in the Grand Final against either Melbourne Victory or Brisbane Roar at stake.
"The biggest thing was they changed their shape to counter us," Lowe told Fox Sports. "I thought it was surprising, it gave everyone in the change room a massive lift.
"We came out full of confidence from the games we've played them. But to see they changed their shape to suit us was quite amazing."
Brisbane Roar will take on Melbourne Victory in the other semi-final next Sunday after John Aloisi's side beat former Asian champions Western Sydney Wanderers in a penalty shootout on Friday.
Terry Antonis' penalty gave Western Sydney the lead before an equaliser from Jamie MacLaren took the game into extra-time and then a shootout, where Brisbane emerged 6-5 winners thanks to the performance of substitute goalkeeper Jamie Young.
"You have to have a bit of luck to win a penalty shootout but the luck went our way because we were very good after that first half," said Brisbane coach John Aloisi.
"A lot of teams when they play so badly in the first half won't be able to recover. We were 1-0 down but the fans helped the players, the players started believing and some of the football we played in the second half and extra time was brilliant."
(Reporting by Michael Church in Hong Kong, Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
March 30 Crescita Therapeutics Inc
* Crescita Therapeutics- net loss for three months ended December 31, 2016 was $4.1 million compared to $4.4 million for three months ended december 31, 2015
* Crescita Therapeutics- total revenue for three months ended December 31, 2016 was $2.2 million versus $60,000 for three months ended december 31, 2015
* Crescita Therapeutics Inc - company is continually assessing in-licensing, merger and acquisition activities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 Transcontinental Inc
* Transcontinental Inc divesting media assets in Atlantic Canada
* Transcontinental - announced sale of publication portfolio in Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, Newfoundland and Labrador, New Brunswick to Saltwire Network
* Transcontinental - approximately 650 TC media employees in Atlantic Canada are part of transaction and will receive an offer from Saltwire Network Inc
* Transcontinental - Transcontinental remains owner of two plants, which are Transcontinental Halifax and Transcontinental Prince Edward Island
* Transcontinental - deal includes sale of 28 brands and web-related properties, four printing plants operated within its media sector Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Classified NSA, Army Data Exposed, Cybersecurity Firm Says
A cybersecurity company said Tuesday it found top secret files related to classified Army communications systems sitting unprotected online for anyone to see.
The data belonged to the U.S. Army's Intelligence and Security Command, a division of both the Army and the National Security Agency. It's the latest known setback linked to the NSA where former agency contractor Edward Snowden disclosed a cache of classified material in 2013.
NSA referred questions to the intelligence command, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Chris Vickery, an analyst at UpGuard, a cybersecurity company based in Mountain View, California, discovered the unprotected data online on Sept. 28. Vickery notified the government about what they had found and was told on Oct. 10 that it had been secured.
"It is unclear to us what the precise relevance of the classified data we found is to active INSCOM operations," Dan O'Sullivan, another analyst on UpGuard's cyber risk team, said Tuesday.
The data contained 47 files and folders that could be viewed, including three that could be downloaded. Some of the data could not be accessed without being linked to Pentagon systems, O'Sullivan said. Many files were marked "top secret" or "NOFORN," a classification that prohibits disclosure to foreign governments.
The largest file contained a virtual hard drive likely designed for receiving Defense Department information from remote locations. The exposed data included sensitive details concerning a battlefield intelligence platform, known as the Distributed Common Ground System-Army, as well as the platform's troubled cloud auxiliary program codenamed "Red Disk."
Snowden leaked classified material exposing U.S. government surveillance programs.
In August 2016, Harold Thomas Martin III, 51, of Glen Burnie, Maryland, was arrested by the FBI after federal prosecutors say they illegally removed highly classified information and stored the material in their home and .
Reality Winner, 25, a former Air Force linguist who worked as an NSA contractor at a facility in Augusta, Georgia, was charged in June with copying a classified U.S. report and mailing it to a news organization.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: U.S. Cyber Command.
Exelixis (NASDAQ: EXEL) is, without question, one of the hottest biotech stocks around. Shares have nearly quintupled in value over the last 12 months. So far in 2017, Exelixis stock is up more than 40%.
Continue Reading Below
But this tremendous success now raises questions about how much farther Exelixis' share price can increase from this point. Is it time for investors to move on?
Image source: Getty Images.
The case for selling
Thanks to its incredible run, Exelixis now claims a market cap of over $6 billion. Does the potential for its drugs indicate that the biotech's valuation could go a lot higher? Probably not.
Cabometyx has already proven to be successful as a second-line and third-line treatment for kidney cancer. The bigger market for Cabometyx is as a first-line treatment for kidney cancer. If approved for the first-line indication, the drug could reach annual sales of more than $1 billion, including revenue from Exelixis' othercabozantinib drug, Cometriq, in treating medullary thyroid carcinoma.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Cotellic won FDA approval in 2015 in combination with Roche‘s (NASDAQOTH: RHHBY) Zelboraf in treating melanoma. Roche is a partner with Exelixis on marketing Cotellic.
The drug could eventually reach $200 million in annual sales for the melanoma indication and possibly another $300 million in annual sales if approved for colorectal cancer and triple-negative breast cancer. However, the early results for Cotellic have been so disappointing that Exelixis filed for arbitration against Roche last year, questioning the big company's commercialization efforts for the drug.
Even if we assume that Cabometyx, Cometriq, and Cotellic hit the projected sales marks, the total annual revenue for Exelixis would be around $1.5 billion. The biotech's stock already trades at more than four times that amount. With the uncertainty surrounding Cotellic, there's a good argument to be made that Exelixis' valuation is near its peak based on the potential for its products.
The case for buying or holding
There are several key reasons buying Exelixis stock (or holding on to shares already purchased) might make sense. One is that the sales projections for the biotech'scabozantinib franchise will not only be achieved but could be too low.
Multiple clinical studies are underway with Cabometyx in combination with other drugs, including Bristol-Myers Squibb‘s (NYSE: BMY) Opdivo and Yervoy,Amgen‘s Vectibix, and Roche's Herceptin. Success as part of a combo regimen could raise the ceiling for peak sales for Cabometyx.
Another reason to buy or hold Exelixis stock is the potential for lesser-known partnered pipeline candidates. Japanese drugmaker Daiichi Sankyo (NASDAQOTH: DSNKY) is evaluating esaxerenone in a late-stage study for treatment of hypertension and in a mid-stage study targeting diabetic nephropathy. Sanofi has clinical studies in progress for two other experimental drugs developed by Exelixis.
Last, but not least, is the possibility that Exelixis could be acquired, driving its share price significantly higher. There are quite a few bigger drugmakers that could conceivably be interested, including Roche and Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Move on?
Exelixis hasn't slowed down yet. However, my view is that the significant returns from this point forward will be much harder to achieve.
The kidney cancer market that presents the greatest opportunity for Cabometyx is also attracting plenty of attention from potential competitors. Bristol-Myers Squibb, for example, won approval for Opdivo as a second-line treatment for the indication and has its eyes on the first-line market.
I wouldn't count too much on other partnered assets helping Exelixis in a major way. The prospects of Daiichi Sankyo winning regulatory approval foresaxerenone are probably pretty good, but the others are much more iffy.
And buying a stock primarily because of the possibility of a buyout isn't usually a good idea. Potential suitors could find the price tag for Exelixis too high already. Even a company, such as Bristol-Myers Squibb, that might be interested could decide a partnership is a more cost-effective path to take.
Is it time to move on from Exelixis to other stocks with greater room to run? I suspect the share price could still go higher — maybe even 20% or so. However, don't expect the huge returns of the past. It might not be quite time to move away from Exelixis, but that day is probably coming in the not-too-distant future.
10 stocks we like better than Exelixis
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Exelixis wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Exelixis. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
April 28 Apple Inc asked the state of California to make changes in its proposed self-driving car policies, the latest sign the company is pursuing driverless car technology.
In a letter made public Friday, Apple made a series of suggested changes to the policy that is under development and said it looks forward to working with California and others "so that rapid technology development may be realized while ensuring the safety of the traveling public."
Alphabet Inc's self-driving car unit Waymo, Ford Motor Co, Uber Technologies Inc, Toyota Motor Corp, Tesla Motors Inc and others also filed comments suggesting changes. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
FILE PHOTO: The Falkland Islands flag flies at half mast in front of the Visitor Centre after the death of former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher, in Port Stanley, April 8, 2013. REUTERS/Gary Clement/File Photo
BRUSSELS Argentina believes Brexit might cost Britain the support of European allies for its control of the Falkland Islands and is watching developments closely, the Argentinian foreign minister said in Brussels.
Visiting the EU capital for trade talks on Thursday, Susana Malcorra stressed it was too soon to say whether Britain quitting the bloc may soften Union backing for London against an 18th-century claim to the South Atlantic islands that Buenos Aires has maintained despite losing a brief war there in 1982.
"The European Union, through its agreements, is connected very closely and strongly to the United Kingdom," Malcorra told reporters when asked if Brexit could have an impact on the Falklands dispute, on which the 16-month-old administration of President Mauricio Macri has taken a more conciliatory approach.
"It could be that things change there. But I think it is still quite early. Brexit is just starting and there are many issues. We are following it carefully."
A spokesperson for the EU's foreign policy service declined comment on whether the bloc might change policy on the Falklands, which receive some development funding from Brussels.
Argentina's interest in potential fallout for the islands it calls the Malvinas after Britain's vote last year to leave the EU is part of broader uncertainty for outlying territories of what was once the world's biggest empire.
The people of Gibraltar, on the south coast of Spain, fear economic upheaval once they are placed outside the EU's external border when Britain leaves the Union, in March 2019.
Britain's right-wing press fulminated last month against EU plans to spell out that fellow member Madrid, which claims sovereignty over "The Rock", should have a veto over applying any future EU-UK free trade deal to Gibraltar.
A former leader of Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party even suggested they would be ready to send a fleet to defend it from Spain - just as their predecessor Margaret Thatcher did to drive Argentinian troops from the Falklands.
Closer to home, British-ruled Northern Ireland, whose people voted against Brexit, are concerned a new UK-EU border there could rekindle violence. Separatists want a vote to reunite the island, a century after the Irish Republic broke with London.
And in Britain itself, the government of Scotland wants a new referendum to end the 310-year-old union with England so that Scots can remain in, or later rejoin, the European Union.
(Writing by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Alison Williams)
A settlement from a 14th century Māori village has been unearthed by archaeologists in Gisborne.
Otago University's Southern Pacific Archaeological Research (SPAR) unit has recently completed it's third visit to Eastland Port in Gisborne.
The find has significance from a scientific and cultural perspective.
Moa bones, fish hooks made of moa bone and stone tools made of obsidian and similar rocks were found during the dig.
Heritage New Zealand granted archaeological consent to the Port in 2016, as part of an ongoing redevelopment project.
Advertisement
Moa bones, fish hooks made of moa bone and stone tools made of obsidian and similar rocks were found during the dig.
Obsidian, also known as volcanic glass, was used by early Māori settlers as simple cutting tools.
The materials that were found were estimated to date back to the early 1300s.
University of Otago professor of archaeology Richard Walter said uncovering the site was significant from a scientific and cultural perspective.
'We don't know as much about the early occupation around this part of the coastline as we do in other parts of the country," Walter said.
The materials that were found were estimated to date back to the early 1300s.
"There are not too many of these very early sites and so this one is filling the gaps."
Given the amount of material found at the site, the chances of finding a village within the vicinity are quite high.
April 13 (Reuters) -
* Ontario finance minister says looking at a number of alternatives to temper housing market Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [ ] (Reporting by Matt Scuffham)
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
SHANGHAI, March 30 China's COSCO Shipping Holdings Co Ltd made a loss last year of 9.9 billion yuan ($1.44 billion), the company reported on Thursday, due to both persistently weak freight rates and restructuring costs.
Freight shipping firms have been hit hard by a prolonged downturn in rates caused by overcapacity and a slowdown in global trade.
COSCO, the world's fourth-largest container shipping line, became a new company last year, born out of the merger of two major domestic shipping firms, making year-on-year comparisons difficult.
Since then it has been restructuring, selling some units at a loss and focusing on container shipping.
Revenue came in at 71.2 billion yuan.
COSCO said, however, it was seeing some positive signals in demand and expects the overall market this year to be better than that of 2016.
Its comments echo those of rivals including Denmark's Maersk Line and Germany's Hapag Lloyd, which have said the sector has entered a period of recovery with freight rates expected to rise this year.
Seeking to save costs on key shipping routes, COSCO has also formed a vessel-sharing alliance with France's CMA CGM , Taiwan's Evergreen Line and Hong Kong-based Orient Overseas Container Line that starts April 1. Shares in COSCO closed 0.28 percent higher in Hong Kong on Thursday before the results, while the Hang Seng index was down 0.37 percent. ($1 = 6.8880 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Greg Mahlich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MUNICH, Germany, March 30 Linde's works council chief will vote against the German industrial gases group's planned $65 billion merger with U.S. rival Praxair when it comes up for approval by the supervisory board, they told Reuters on Thursday.
Gernot Hahl said they believed Linde would bear the brunt of the $1 billion planned synergies, losing jobs as well as the right to co-determine company strategy that German corporate law gives labour representatives.
The framework of a deal was agreed in December but the supervisory board, which is half composed of labour representatives, will have to vote on the merger once a detailed business combination plan is finalised.
"Our position in the supervisory board is: No, we will not approve the merger," Hahl said. (Reporting by Jens Hack; Writing by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Arno Schuetze)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Mallinckrodt Plc, a manufacturer of the generic opioid painkiller oxycodone, said on Monday it had agreed to pay $35 million to resolve U.S. probes into its monitoring and reporting of suspicious orders of controlled substances.
Mallinckrodt confirmed the proposed settlement after The Washington Post published a report on the probe, the first time the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration had targeted an opioid manufacturer over violations of laws intended to prevent the diversion of drugs to the black market.
Mallinckrodt said the settlement was subject to additional review and approval by the U.S. Justice Department and DEA.
The accord came as authorities grapple with the nation's opioid drug epidemic. In 2015, more than 15,000 people died in the United States from overdoses involving prescription opioids, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Among the most common drugs involved in those deaths was oxycodone.
The company has been under investigation since at least 2011, when Mallinckrodt said it received subpoenas from the DEA requesting documents relating to its suspicious order monitoring program for controlled substances.
The U.S. Attorney's Office in Detroit had been investigating the possibility that Mallinckrodt failed to report suspicious orders of controlled substances from 2006 to 2011 in violation of the Controlled Substances Act.
The U.S. Attorney's Office in Syracuse, New York, was also investigating whether Mallinckrodt failed to maintain appropriate records and security measures in connection with manufacturing of drugs at a facility in Hobart, New York.
In a statement on Monday, Mallinckrodt said it denied allegations it violated the law and said the proposed settlement contained no admission of liability.
"In discussions with the government, the company has responded to unfounded claims and successfully refuted factual inaccuracies, reaching an agreement in principle that is agreeable to the government," Mallinckrodt said.
Acting U.S. Attorney Daniel Lemisch in Detroit said their office "works diligently to use all the legal tools available to us to hold corporations responsible for their actions," particularly in a highly regulated industry such as opioid manufacturing.
"As this case is still in settlement negotiations, we cannot comment on the specifics of the matter," they said in a statement.
Mallinckrodt said the proposed settlement would not have a material effect on its financial condition.
Shares of Mallinckrodt were largely unchanged at $44.51, down 0.13 percent.
(Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Andrew Hay)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 28 A funny thing happened on Wall Street in Donald Trump's first 100 days in the White House: Shares of companies that got closest to the president lagged the market's march higher.
Meanwhile, stocks from sectors that have had less access, and have faced occasional bluster from Trump, such as media and technology, have hopped into the driver seat.
Banks, industrials and other companies expected to win from Trump's policies surged following their unexpected election victory in November. Valuations for many grew stretched.
But Wall Street's change in focus in recent months also reflects concerns among investors that Trump may struggle to enact deep tax cuts and stimulate economic growth as quickly as previously expected. Indeed, the economy grew just 0.7 percent on an annualized basis in the first quarter, the first of Trump's presidency, as consumer spending stalled.
Many of the industries Trump singled out for special attention, like coalminers, steelmakers and oil companies, face major market trends and commodity price fluctuations that they can do little to change.
Since Trump's inauguration on Jan. 20, representatives from nearly 100 publicly-listed companies have visited the White House, with carmakers, healthcare companies, banks and industrials getting more face time than technology companies, retailers and media firms.
Shares of companies that have visited the White House since the inauguration have enjoyed a median increase of 3.7 percent, trailing the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 Index's gain of 5.5 percent.
But Trump's recent failure to push a healthcare overhaul through Congress, as well as other miscues, now have investors a little less sure they will be able to make good on their promises.
The S&P 500 is near record highs after the administration unveiled a long-awaited proposal Wednesday to steeply cut corporate tax rates. But the plan may be unpalatable to Republican fiscal hawks since it lacks proposals for raising new revenue and would potentially add billions of dollars to the federal deficit.
"The stability of the market and its ability to rise is still based on the feeling that the administration may be getting its act together," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Group in Bedford Hills, New York. "But at some point investors will ask if any of this stuff is going to happen or if it's all talk."
EARLY WINNERS FADE
Since the election, the financial sector has risen 19 percent, more than any other. But its gain since the inauguration has been among the weakest, at 3 percent.
An investor buying a basket of banks and selling utilities immediately after Trump's election would have made as much as 29 percent by mid-February. But that gain has since shrunk to 17 percent, according to Vincent Deluard, Vice President, Global Macro Strategy at INTL FCStone Financial Inc.
Other "Trump trades" have lost momentum.
Investors bet big on steel right out of the gate after Election Day, with the industry seen as a poster child for Trump's focus on "unfair" trade deals that hurt U.S. producers. The S&P 1500 steel industry group indexes had gained 36 percent by the first week of December.
The group is down by more than 13 percent since then, however, and even last week's executive order to investigate whether U.S. steel companies need additional trade protections under the auspices of national security delivered only a short-lived rebound. Poor earnings from sector heavyweight United States Steel Corp ruined the party.
Trump this month signed an executive order sweeping away Obama-era climate change regulations, saying it would end America's "war on coal." But reflecting an abundance of cheap natural gas and falling costs of wind and solar power, coal miners CONSOL Energy and Cloud Peak Energy have dropped 16 percent and 32 percent, respectively, in Trump's first 100 days.
Meanwhile, tech stocks that were left out of the early Trump rally have surged recently as investors shift out of low-valuation stocks favored immediately after the election and back into high-growth stocks like Alphabet and Facebook that delivered much of the market's momentum in recent years.
In the absence of concrete results from Trump, corporate earnings have taken center stage, with first-quarter profits of S&P 500 companies expected to surge 13.6 percent, helped by strong international growth.
"Earnings are through-the-roof good. Companies are very profitable, and potentially are going to be more profitable with tax-cut legislation," said Stephen Massocca, Senior Vice President at Wedbush Securities in San Francisco.
Other stocks seen as out of favor under Trump have also outperformed during their first 100 days.
Tesla, which some investors feared could be hurt by the removal of tax incentives for the purchase of its electric vehicles, has surged 27 percent to record highs.
And perhaps most telling of all, the media sector - regularly lambasted by Trump for its coverage of them - is up 7 percent since they took office.
Even New York Times Co, publisher of what Trump has repeatedly disparaged as "the failed New York Times" newspaper, hit a three-year high after the inauguration and is up 10 percent since they moved into the White House.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich,; Editing by Dan Burns and Nick Zieminski)
FILE PHOTO: Bangladeshi worker Mohamed (C), 25, is helped by colleagues into a tent following a shooting incident in the of town of Manolada, Greece, April 18, 2013. REUTERS/Giorgos Moutafis/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Bangladeshi worker Mohamed, 25, is seen inside a tent following a shooting incident in the of town of Manolada, Greece, April 18, 2013. REUTERS/Giorgos Moutafis/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A migrant who lives in Greece takes part in a rally protesting against a shooting incident that took place in the town of Manolada, in Athens, Greece, April 18, 2013. REUTERS/Yorgos Karahalis/File Photo
ATHENS Europe's top human rights court accused Greece on Thursday of failing to protect migrant workers who had been subject to "forced labour" and shot at by security guards when they protested over unpaid wages.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) ordered Athens to pay 16,000 euros each to the workers whose case had triggered outrage across the country. Greek authorities, it said, had been fully aware of the circumstances.
Foremen at a strawberry farm in the southwestern Greek town of Manolada opened fire on dozens of migrant workers protesting over unpaid wages in 2013. More than twenty migrants, mostly Bangladeshi, were wounded.
A year later, a Greek court acquitted their employers of human trafficking ordering them to pay 43 euros to each of the 35 workers who were recognised as victims. It also gave one-armed guard and one employer suspended sentences in a ruling that prompted angry protests from unions and rights groups.
The migrant workers had been forced to work 12-hour days under the supervision of armed guards and went on strike on three occasions for back pay. Their employers warned them they would get paid only if they continued to work, the ECHR said.
They lived in makeshift huts without toilets or running water.
"The facts at issue, and particularly the applicants' working conditions, showed clearly that they amounted to human trafficking and forced labour," the ECHR said.
Greek authorities, it said, had failed to protect the migrants from the treatment they received, although they were aware of the situation in the strawberry plantations.
The court ruled that Greece had to pay those who had appeared in Greek courts 16,000 euros each.
Greece is a gateway for migrants trying to enter the European Union through its porous sea and land borders.
The country is still struggling to emerge from a debt crisis despite signing up to three international bailouts. Unemployment currently stands at about 24 percent.
Most of the migrants who find work in Greece are employed illegally. More than 40 percent of the country's undocumented workers are migrants, reports during the debt crisis have shown.
(Writing by Renee Maltezou)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
UPDATE 1-China-led AIIB approves $324 mln in infrastructure investment
BEIJING, June 15 The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) said on Thursday it has approved two loans and one equity investment worth $324 million across Georgia, Tajikistan and India.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
PRISTINA, April 13 Germany's foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel urged the European Union on Thursday to support infrastructure projects in the Western Balkans and warned Kosovo it needed to improve relations with Serbia to progress closer to membership of the bloc.
Gabrel, who spoke after meeting Kosovan Prime Minister Isa Mustafa, urged the parliament in Pristina to adopt a disputed border deal with Montenegro to unlock a visa liberalization deal. (Reporting by Andrea Shalal and Fatos Bytyci; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Mar 22, 2017; Austin, TX, USA; Rory McIlroy of Ireland plays against Soren Kjeldsen of Denmark during the first round of the World Golf Classic - Dell Match Play golf tournament at Austin Country Club. Mandatory Credit: Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
LONDON Rory McIlroy's bid for an elusive first U.S. Masters title and the grand slam of golf's major championships has received an unexpected boost from the long-range weather forecast.
Heavy rain and storms are predicted to batter the Augusta National course, handing a potential advantage to the Northern Irishman whose four major titles have all come at tournaments afflicted by adverse weather conditions.
McIlroy, the world number two, is long overdue a Masters triumph on a course perfectly suited to their long driving and creative shot-making.
Six years ago, the 27-year-old took a four-shot advantage into the final round and shot 37 on the front nine to hold on to the lead.
But they made triple-bogey on the 10th hole and four-putted for a double-bogey on the 12th en route to a final-round 80 that left them 10 strokes behind champion Charl Schwartzel in a tie for 15th place.
The experience hardly scarred McIlroy.
A few weeks later they surged to their maiden major title with an eight-stroke victory in the U.S. Open at a rain-sodden Bethesda, Maryland.
McIlroy won the 2012 U.S. PGA Championship and took that title again in 2014 two months after claiming their first British Open triumph at Royal Liverpool.
But the former world number one has never conquered Augusta.
Moderate performances came in 2012 and 2013, when they finished 40th and 25th, before top-10 finishes in the past three years.
McIlroy tied for eighth place in 2014 and shot a closing 66 to finish fourth in 2015, six shots behind champion Jordan Spieth.
Twelve months ago they rebounded from an ugly third-round 77 to close with a solid 71 which earned them a share of 10th, again six strokes adrift of the winner, Danny Willett.
Although McIlroy's preparations for the Masters have been hampered by a six-week injury layoff, they have finished second, seventh and fourth in their three strokeplay events this year.
They suffered an early exit from the WGC-Dell Match Play in Texas last week, providing the opportunity to travel to Augusta early to get in some practice rounds.
“It's giving me a chance to prepare a little bit better," McIlroy told reporters.
"I feel like I've worked a lot on my short game. If anything I feel like that part of my game is as sharp as it has been ever going into Augusta, so that's a good thing."
McIlroy has played only 10 competitive rounds since returning to action following their rib injury.
"Right now I can't see a downside to not having played as much as I planned to. I feel really healthy. And freshness could help, especially mentally. Mentally, going in there and not being drained is a good thing as well.”
A glance at the weather forecast should lift McIlroy's confidence even further and with the Augusta greens unlikely to be as lightning quick as usual they will fancy their chances of donning the Green Jacket at last.
(Editing by Frank Pingue)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
The largest U.S. recreational vehicle dealer, Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH.N), and a group of liquidators won a bankruptcy auction for sporting goods retailer Gander Mountain Co [GDMIN.UL] on Friday, according to a bankruptcy court filing.
The value of the winning bid was about $390 million, according to people familiar with the matter who requested anonymity to discuss the details of the auction results. The Camping World-led group bested a going-concern bid for Gander Mountain from rival Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc (SPWH.O), the sources said.
Camping World, which is run by Marcus Lemonis, a star on CNBC TV's reality show "The Profit," plans to operate at least 17 Gander Mountain stores as a going concern, the sources said. An auction for Gander Mountain's remaining more than 100 leases will be held later, the sources said.
The consortium also won all Gander Mountain's intellectual property and its Overton's boating business, the sources said. Gander Mountain, which is based in St. Paul, Minnesota, bills itself as "America's Firearm Superstore."
Gander Mountain declined to comment and Lincolnshire, Illinois-based Camping World did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The auction results will require final approval from a U.S. bankruptcy court judge.
Gander Mountain filed for bankruptcy in March with a plan to quickly sell itself after struggling with excess inventory and seeing its approximately 160 stores underperform. It listed assets and liabilities each worth up to $1 billion.
Within the retail sector, sporting goods is going through a period of consolidation and distress. Gander Mountain competitors including Sports Authority Inc and Eastern Mountain Sports also have filed for bankruptcy.
Financially healthy rivals Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's Inc (CAB.N) plan to merge this year in an approximately $5 billion deal.
Camping World, which has 120 R.V. SuperCenters across the U.S., raised $251 million last fall in an initial public offering.
Camping World sees synergies between its business, Gander Mountain and Overton's, one of the people said.
(Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Bill Trott)
File Photo - Second-placed Mark Cavendish of Britain poses on the podium at the end of Men Elite Road Race in the UCI Road World Championships 2016, in Doha, Qatar, October 16, 2016. REUTERS/Ibrahem Alomari
LONDON British cyclist Mark Cavendish is suffering from the Epstein-Barr virus, commonly known as glandular fever, and has been ordered to rest, their team Dimension Data said on Wednesday.
"Recent blood work has revealed that Mark Cavendish suffers from infectious mononucleosis caused by the Epstein Barr Virus," team doctor Jarrad Van Zuydam said in a team statement.
The 31-year-old has not raced since Milan-San Remo on March 18 after picking up what the team described as "an overuse injury", and underwent tests after suffering unexplained fatigue during training.
Blood tests revealed the virus, for which the only cure is rest, the statement said.
Cavendish is likely to miss the Tour de Romandie later this month but recovery is expected within two weeks and the 30-stage Tour de France winner hopes to be ready for the start of this year's event in Duesseldorf on July 1.
"[He] will need a longer period of rest than originally anticipated, as they are currently recovering from an overuse ankle injury simultaneously. The main goal for Cavendish remains the Tour de France this year," Van Zuydam said.
Cavendish experienced an arduous 2016 in which they competed 71 days on the road, targeted an Olympic gold medal in Rio - they ended up winning a silver in the omnium - and competed in several track events.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 CAPE ES Special Purpose Acquisition Co Ltd :
* Says it will issue 20.5 million shares to merge with Chemtros, a pharma company
* Merger ratio is 1 : 4.7050021 between the company and Chemtros
* The co will survive and Chemtros will be dissolved after merger
* Merger effective date is Sep. 1
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/bmE46E
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
People sweep in front of statues of former North Korean leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Women react as they cross the street in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People practice for the expected parade on the main Kim Il Sung square in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People carry accessories as North Korea prepares to mark Saturday's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung, North Korea's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler, in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Women carry accessories and plastic flowers as North Korea prepares to mark Saturday's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung, North Korea's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler, in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A man wears a pin with pictures of former North Korean leaders Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Women wear traditional clothes as North Korea prepares to mark Saturday's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung, North Korea's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler, in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
PYONGYANG Residents thronged the wide boulevards of North Korea's capital Pyongyang on Wednesday, some practising for a parade to be held at the weekend, with no visible signs of the tensions engulfing the region over the isolated state's weapons programs.
A U.S. aircraft carrier group is headed to Korean waters amid concerns that Pyongyang may conduct a nuclear or long-range missile test and threats from U.S. President Donald Trump of unilateral action "to solve the problem".
It was a sunny, spring morning in Pyongyang and many people were on the streets around the city's biggest sights, the Arch of Triumph and Kim Il Sung Square. Some of them spoke to Reuters journalists, who were escorted by North Korean officials.
"I am a normal citizen, so I don't concentrate on politics too much," said a woman who gave their name as Ri Hyon Sim. "But one thing is very very clear, so long as we are with our supreme leader Marshall Kim Jong-un we are not afraid of anything."
North Korea has invited foreign media to cover celebrations this week of the 105th birth anniversary of founding president Kim Il Sung, the grandfather of current leader Kim Jong-un. However, journalists' movements are closely managed and conversations with the people are monitored.
As Ri spoke, women in flowing pink, red and yellow dresses walked by after dance rehearsals for a performance likely on Saturday when a parade is expected to celebrate Kim Il Sung's birthday. North Korea also often marks important anniversaries with tests of its nuclear or missile capabilities.
Hyon Un Mi, a tour guide at the Arch of Triumph, built to commemorate Korean resistance to Japanese occupation in the early 20th century, said they were following events on television and in newspapers.
They called the United States an imperialist power that wanted to occupy their country.
"Our people don't like these imperialists ... In recent days they want to occupy our country again and again," they said.
"The president of the U.S....," Hyon said, tailing off with a shrug and a grimace.
North Korea remains technically at war with the United States and its ally South Korea after the 1950-1953 Korean conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty.
Hyon however said they wanted reunification between North and South Korea.
"Our people are suffering from the division," they said, adding that they were distressed while watching a women's football match between the two Koreas last week.
"All the people feel very sad watching the football, our country divided into two," they said. The match ended in a 1-1 draw.
(This story has been refiled to fix typo in para two.)
(Additional reporting by James Pearson in Seoul, Writing and editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Construction work is seen amongst residential and commercial buildings in east London, Britain, February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON Britain will not fix its "broken" housing market unless it ends the dominance of the biggest housebuilders by supporting smaller providers to ramp up the rate of construction, a parliamentary committee warned on Saturday.
Housing is a huge political issue in Britain where demand outstrips supply, pushing up prices and leaving large numbers of first-time buyers locked out of the market.
A cross-party report by parliament's Communities and Local Government Committee said more than half of all new homes were built by the eight largest firms, meaning the country is overly reliant on a small number of commercial providers.
The report said there was little incentive for so-called volume builders to accelerate their rate of building and said changes needed to be made to help the small and medium-sized builders, who have been declining in number and output.
"The housing market is broken, we are simply not building enough homes," said Clive Betts, the chair of the committee.
"Smaller builders are in decline and the sector is over reliant on an alarmingly small number of high volume developers, driven by commercial self-interest and with little incentive to build any quicker."
The report said that in order to increase competition, land should be made available in smaller portions to allow the smaller builders to secure space, and the government should look at making finance available to smaller groups which are seen as more risky.
The report said around 190,000 net additional homes were built in Britain in 2015-16 but charities and industry consultants believe that figure is too low to meet demand.
According to the committee, a quarter of all new homes in 2015 were built by the three largest companies - Persimmon, Taylor Wimpey and Barratt.
Other listed housebuilders include Berkeley Group, Bellway Redrow, Crest Nicholson and Bovis Homes.
The Home Builders Federation said it welcomed the report and supported the drive to support smaller providers. But it noted that demands around the planning process were also an issue.
"The vast majority of the big increases in housing supply in recent years have come from the larger, mainstream builders - but we need more builders of all sizes and specialisms if we are to tackle our acute housing shortage," it said.
(Reporting by Kate Holton, editing by David Evans)
Hatters Luton Town boss Nathan Jones is remaining tight-lipped over reports linking the Hatters with a move for Nottingham Forest midfielder Jorge Grant.
The 23-year-old spent last season on loan at city rivals Notts County, scoring 19 goals in 56 games as the Magpies reached the play-offs, where they were beaten by Coventry City.
Our targets are ones that we've lined up for long, long time, so hopefully we can have some news. Nathan Jones
Grant, who signed a three year deal back at the City Ground in June 2017, has been tipped to move away again, and when asked if they were someone the Hatters were interested in, Jones said: “Jorge is a player that we think is a wonderful player, but it would be wrong of me to comment on anyone at the minute as they're not our players, they're other team's players.
“I'm sure we'll have news quite soon, as we like to do things early.
“Our targets are ones that we've lined up for long, long time, so hopefully we can have some news, but I wouldn't want to comment on any other players and Jorge is one of those.”
Jones, who admitted this week that they were expecting to add another attacking option to their side, did admit they were hopeful of doing just that before the team head out to Slovenia on Saturday morning.
They added: “We like to get our business done early and this year, even though we want to recruit less than we have done in any other window, the pleasing thing about it, is it's more difficult to get players that are better than what we have, or are on a par with what we have, or can come in and enhance our environment.
“Which is a credit to the environment, a credit to what we have here, so I'm pleased with that, but we're down the line with a few things and hopefully we can get those sorted.
“In God's will, we'll get one done before Slovenia, because the week that we go is a big week in terms of learning, in terms of setting down patterns and certain implementations of defending and attacking, so hopefully we can, but we'll see.”
TOURISTS will be rolling into Bundaberg to experience our world class rum and reef with a new rail, reef and rum package to put us on the rail trail map.
The Bundaberg Reef and Rum Queensland Rail package is a new initiative that focuses on the highlights of our region.
The first visitors arrived at the weekend and organisers said years of hard work had paid off.
Guests will enjoy the ultimate Bundy experience, which kicks off at the Hummock Lookout before they head to Bargara to stay the night.
Lady Musgrave Experience then picks them up the first morning for their day trip out to Lady Musgrave island and returns them to their resort in the afternoon.
The next day Bundy Food Tours takes them to meet and greet growers and suppliers the fresh local produce in the area and then drops them to the Bundaberg Rum Distillery for their experience tour.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Kellys Beach Resort at Bargara has been the driving force behind the packaging effort and picked up the group from Bundaberg Station on their arrival on the Tilt Train last Thursday.
Kellys business director Loni Hammond said it was an exciting time for the tourism industry in Bundaberg.
"After many years of working with the tourism trade it is fantastic to be able to put together a package like this,” they said.
The reef and rum package, which includes three nights at Kellys, connects with the Queensland Rail network, allowing guests flexibility in their travel.
Ms Hammond said without the support from the tour organisers the package wouldn't have happened.
Bundaberg North Burnett Tourism general manager Katherine Reid said it was the proactive and collaborative operators like Ms Hammond that had driven hard over the years to ensure the Bundaberg region and the Southern Great Barrier Reef were included in east coast itineraries, both domestically and internationally.
"It takes a lot of dedication and commitment to break into the trade space and, once there, it's all about delivering those extraordinary visitor experiences at every touch point - which we know that our region does naturally and with passion,” Ms Reid said.
REEF AND RUM PACKAGE HIGHLIGHTS
May 2 Grandvision Nv
* Grandvision announces launch of CEO succession plan
* Its current chief executive officer, Theo Kiesselbach, plans to retire for personal reasons in 2018
* Grandvision's supervisory board will now launch a search for CEO succession
* Is expected that actual transition will take place in 2018
* Kiesselbach continue in their current role until 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
Fridge Art Fair NY 50 Shades of Fridge New York City: Brooklyn NY Frieze Week 2017 Can You Fit Into the Fridge?
FRIDGE-50 copy
Contact
Fridge Art Fair
2025901357
***@fridgeartfair.com Fridge Art Fair2025901357
End
-- 4/1720FRidGe is pleased to announce two venues for the Fifty Shades of FRidGe New York Edition #5.The main venue -- Branded Saloon -- at 603 Vanderbilt Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11238, is a mixed country western club in the heart of Brooklyn.Little NU FRidGe -- at 85 Smith Street, Brooklyn, NY 11201, is our "pop-up" space this year and will feature small-scale works and site-specific pieces by various artists at Brooklyn's new and true art hotel the NU Hotel curated by artists Michelle Hill and Susanna Thornton. Little NU FRidGe" builds off FRidGe's highly praised "A Curated Mini FRidGe" Art Fair which took place at Miami Beach's elegant and historic Betsy Hotel in Fall 2016 during Art Basel Miami Beach.FRidGe fun events occur daily and here you will catch some of the world's most talented acts. Events such as Bingo and "RuPaul's Drag Race" Celebration have been lovingly designed and curated by the main Fair's host Branded Saloon. FRidGe's Chief Curator Linda DiGusta has perfected this year's New York edition of the Fair as a work of art unto itself by using the already themed country western intimate feel of Branded Saloon in a manner that is thought-provoking, fun, emotional and truly ranks Ms. DiGusta as one of the world's premier curators.Eric Ginsburg -- artist and FRidGe founder -- is known for their whimsical and emotional paintings of dogs and cats. In the classic annual FRidGe tradition, Ginsburg will be selling paintings of our true best friends. Proceeds from Ginsburg's work go to BARC (Brooklyn Animal Rescue Collation) and commissions are accepted.Admission Policy: FRidGe will never turn anyone away for any reason regardless of ability to pay admission. All are welcome.For directions, hours, event times and exhibitors, please visit: https://www.fridgeartfair.com For press and VIP information, contact: vip@fridgeartfair.com For general information, contact: info@fridgeartfair.com.
A view of the exterior of the Citibank corporate headquarters in New York, New York, U.S. May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files -
MILAN Citi strategists have upgraded continental European stocks to overweight from neutral, a move that underscores growing investor confidence in the region as its economic outlook brightens and political worries ease.
"Europe ex-UK fundamentals are improving, valuations look reasonable and interest rates are low. At the same time political risks are subsiding. That's why we raise Continental European equities to Overweight," Robert Buckland and other strategists at the U.S. bank said in a quarterly equity update.
The upgrade follows similar moves by other global investment houses earlier this year and comes less than three weeks before the first round of the French Presidential elections, a vote which could potentially unsettle global markers in case of a victory of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. [nL8N1G00VU]
"A significant risk for global markets over the next quarter is the two stage French election where Marine Le Pen advocates EMU exit. However, they have not generated much momentum in the polls and Citi economists put their chances at only 20 percent," they wrote.
They expect the pan-European STOXX 600 index to hit 410 points by the end of the year, an 8 percent upside from current levels. That compares to a 5 percent rise expected for global equities with the broader rally supported by the "first synchronized global increase in EPS since 2010".
On Wednesday, a survey showed that euro zone businesses enjoyed their best quarter in six years at the start of 2017 and although growth was not quite as fast as a flash estimate, the upturn was broad-based. [nL5N1HD1JO]
(Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
March 30 Nikkei:
* Will produce aluminum cans together with Thai energy drink brewer Carabao Group - Nikkei
* Showa's aluminum can unit will own 26 pct of a joint venture, and Carabao 74 pct, with the partners investing a total of roughly 2.2 billion baht - Nikkei
* Company's to build a plant that can churn out 1 billion cans per year in Chachoengsao Province, near Bangkok, aiming to start operations in 2018 - Nikkei Source (s.nikkei.com/2ocbsgJ) Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Boston Scientific Corp (BSX.N) on Thursday agreed to buy Swiss medical device maker Symetis SA for $435 million, looking to bolster its presence in Europe after recalling a range of heart valves in the region.
Symetis is the fourth-largest player in transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR), a minimally invasive procedure, to replace a narrowed aortic valve that fails to open properly.
The company's Acurate systems will broaden Boston Scientific's TAVR range to include additional designs and delivery methods that cover more physicians and patients, Needham & Co analyst Mike Matson said in a client note.
Boston Scientific recalled its Lotus heart valve devices from Europe and other regions in February following reports of a faulty locking mechanism.
"This is an offensive rather than a defensive move and not simply a "stop-gap" to address the Lotus recall, shortcomings with Lotus, or IP issues," Matson added.
Boston Scientific said it expects the Lotus valve devices to return to these markets in the fourth quarter.
The deal would not change the timeline of its Lotus device program, Boston Scientific said on a conference call.
The transaction is a bit of a head scratcher and will likely cause some concern on the Street about the program, J.P. Morgan analyst Michael Weinstein said.
Weinstein also noted Symetis had $40 million in TAVR sales in Europe last year and has seen limited growth in the last few years.
However, Jefferies analyst Raj Denhoy noted that even though the deal value seems "pretty high", Symetis sales will likely rise by more than 30 percent with Boston Scientific's backing.
Symetis said it halted its second attempt to go public, due to the deal, which is expected to close in the second quarter.
The company expected to raise up to 61.5 million euros ($66 million) and list on the Euronext Paris by March 31.
Boston Scientific said it expects the deal to slightly boost results in 2018 on an adjusted basis, and rise thereafter.
Shares of Boston Scientific, which competes with TAVR market leaders Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW.N) and Medtronic Plc (MDT.N), were down 1.7 percent at $24.30 in late-morning trading.
(Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza, Sriraj Kalluvila and Martina D'Couto)
May 2 Coronation Fund Managers Ltd
* Sees HY DHEPS to be down by no more than 10% when compared to dheps of 229.7 cents for half year ended 31 March 2016
* DHEPS for half year ended 31 March 2017 is therefore expected to be between 206.7 cents and 229.7 cents Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
April 5 Orkla Asa:
* Orkla, Thon Holding as and Oestfold Energi have signed an agreement with the investment company Jotunfjell partners on the sale of Rygge Sivile Lufthavn as
* Under the agreement, the current shareholders, Orkla (40 pct), Thon Holding AS (40 pct) and Oestfold Energi (20 pct) are selling all the shares in Rygge Sivile Lufthavn AS (RSL) to Jotunfjell Partners
* This includes the take-over of the terminal building and other civilian installations at Moss Airport Rygge, which was operated by RSL until it was shut down on 1 November 2016
* The parties have agreed not to disclose the details of the agreement that has been concluded Source text for Eikon:
here
Further company coverage: (Reporting By Ole Petter Skonnord)
(Corrects paragraph 10 to clarify that borrowings from JPMorgan will be $1.65 bln not $125 mln, and stock worth $750 mln not $625 mln will be sold to North Island and Temasek)
April 20 Virtu Financial Inc said it would buy rival KCG Holdings Inc in a $1.4 billion deal that brings together two major players in the U.S. electronic trading space.
The deal comes at a difficult time for high-frequency trading as low volatility squeezes the profits it can make from rapid-fire trades.
Virtu's offer of $20 per share represents a 12.7 percent premium to KCG's Wednesday close.
Shares of KCG hit a record high of $19.73 in early trading on Thursday, while shares of Virtu were up about 8 percent.
"KCG fits perfectly with Virtu's strategic priorities to apply our market making and technological expertise to customer wholesale order flow and expand Virtu's growing agency execution business," Virtu Chief Executive Douglas Cifu said in a statement.
KCG was formed in December 2012 from the merger of New Jersey-based Knight Capital Group -- a pioneer of electronic market making -- and Chicago-based Getco LLC.
Virtu makes markets in 36 countries and 12,000 financial instruments, continuously quoting buy and sell prices for others to trade against, profiting off the bid-offer spread, using high-frequency trading (HFT) strategies.
HFTs use sophisticated technology and algorithms to trade stocks and other assets at near-light speed and are responsible for around half of the volume in U.S. equities and Treasuries, and nearly that in spot foreign exchange.
Virtu said it expects to migrate trading of the combined company onto a single platform.
The deal will be financed through stock sale worth $750 million to private equity firm North Island and Temasek and borrowings of $1.65 billion from JPMorgan Securities LLC.
The combined company will be led by Cifu. Robert Greifeld and Glenn Hutchins, principals at North Island, will join the board after the deal.
KCG also reported an 88 percent fall in first-quarter profit, hurt by low market volatility.
The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter after approval from KCG shareholders and regulators.
JPMorgan Securities was the lead financial adviser to Virtu, while KCG was advised by Goldman Sachs. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar and Sweta Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
WASHINGTON U.S. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said on Monday that the committee's chairperson should recuse themselves from any further involvement in the panel's investigation of Russian involvement in the 2016 U.S. election.
Visitors to Everton will have "more doubts" when they play at Goodison Park, manager Ronald Koeman has said after the Merseyside club extended their Premier League winning streak at home to seven games against Leicester City on Sunday.
Everton have an outside chance of creeping into the top four and qualifying for next season's Champions League as they sit seventh in the table on 54 points, seven behind fourth-placed Manchester City, who have a game in hand.
"Most teams are stronger at home than they are away -- that is normal in football. But the team is really confident at home now," Koeman told the club's website. "It is also the case that our opponents maybe have more doubts coming to Goodison Park.
"We will try (to finish higher than seventh) and it starts by ourselves.
"If we keep winning and keep the momentum then it is possible because... the rest have (their own) difficulties. We have to win our own games, that is the only important thing for us."
Everton will look to extend their winning run at Goodison when they host 12th-placed Burnley on Saturday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
BUDAPEST/PRAGUE, March 28 The Czech crown was at a three-month-high in future deals on Tuesday as markets readied for an expected removal of an exchange rate floor. Hungary's forint was stable ahead of Tuesday's interest rate decision. To fight deflation risks, the Czech central bank introduced a cap in late 2013 to keep the crown weaker than 27 against the euro in the spot market . But with price growth back to normal, most analysts expect an exit from the "weak crown" regime in April or May. Strong interest in crown forwards up to one-month maturity sent the crown to a three-month-high at 26.93 per euro in early trade, extending gains from Monday according to Reuters data. "On Thursday the board members of the Czech National Bank meet for the last time before the end of the hard commitment," analysts at Raiffeisen Bank said in a note. "The hard commitment to defend the Czech currency at the limit EUR/CZK 27 or above ends this Friday and after this 'anything can happen'," the analysts said. In Hungary, where inflation has also approached the central bank's policy anchor, the Monetary Council holds a rate-setting meeting later in the day where it is widely expected to keep the base rate at a record-low 0.9 percent. However, central Europe's most dovish central bank could announce a further reduction in the amount of funds commercial banks can keep in its 3-month deposits as it seeks to loosen monetary conditions with targeted unconventional measures. The forint was nailed to the 309 per euro mark in early trade. "The question is how much further the 3-month stock will be lowered, as well as the new inflation and economic growth forecasts," a Budapest-based currency dealer said. "If there is a bigger change, that could spark some activity, but I expect the usual communication," the trader said. The bank will announce its rate decision at 1200 GMT, followed by new economic forecasts and the size of the three-month deposits at 1300 GMT. The median projection of analysts polled by Reuters sees a 150 billion forint cut in the 3-month deposit limit for the end of June, to 600 billion forints, after an earlier cut to 750 billion forints by the end of this month. CEE MARKETS SNAPSHOT AT 0937 CET CURRENCIES The Latest Previous Daily Change bid close change in 2017 Czech crown 27.0200 27.0190 +0.00% -0.05% Hungary 309.1000 309.1000 +0.00% -0.09% forint Polish zloty 4.2520 4.2448 -0.17% 3.57% Romanian leu 4.5520 4.5538 +0.04% -0.37% Croatian 7.4300 7.4385 +0.11% 1.68% kuna Serbian 123.8600 123.9500 +0.07% -0.41% dinar Note: daily calculated previous close at 1800 CET change from STOCKS The Latest Previous Daily Change close change in 2017 Prague 984.59 979.45 +0.52% +6.83% Budapest 32123.67 31876.22 +0.78% +0.38% Warsaw 2213.96 2201.88 +0.55% +13.66% Bucharest 7959.27 7961.02 -0.02% +12.34% Ljubljana 782.64 791.11 -1.07% +9.07% Zagreb 2094.72 2096.80 -0.10% +5.01% Belgrade 743.14 744.49 -0.18% +3.59% Sofia 638.50 638.34 +0.03% +8.88% BONDS Yield Yield Spread Daily (bid) change vs Bund change in Czech spread Republic 2-year -0.491 0 +020bps +0bps 5-year 0.211 0.065 +051bps +7bps 10-year 0.979 -0.009 +058bps +0bps Poland 2-year 2.041 -0.008 +273bps -1bps 5-year 2.959 0.022 +326bps +3bps 10-year 3.543 0.006 +314bps +1bps FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M interbank Czech Rep Hungary Poland Note: FRA are for ask quotes prices (Writing by Gergely Szakacs; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, right, and Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe, left, shake hands after the joint press conference at Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's office in Tokyo, Japan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eugene Hoshiko/Pool
TOKYO Sri Lanka will make sure no military activity is conducted at its ports, Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said in Tokyo on Wednesday, as China invests heavily in roads and harbours on the island nation.
Beijing, which is fortifying islands in the South China Sea to which it lays claim, has pumped hundreds of millions of dollars in Sri Lanka's infrastructure since the end of the country's civil war in 2009, when Colombo was shunned by Western investors over its human rights record.
"Sri Lanka hopes to become the regional hub of the Indian Ocean again," Wickremesinghe told a joint news conference following a meeting with their Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe.
"We want to ensure that we develop all our ports, and all these ports are used for commercial activity, transparent activity, and will not be available to anyone for any military activity."
Wickremesinghe did not mention any specific countries.
China's investments in transportation infrastructure in Sri Lanka are considered part of its ambitions to build maritime routes to the oil-rich Middle East and on to Europe.
That makes some countries, including India and the United States, nervous. Sri Lanka sits near shipping lanes through which much of the world's trade passes on its way to China and Japan.
"The era of the Indo-Pacific is now being ushered in. Yet, however, true regional prosperity cannot come into being without the realisation of a free and open Indo-Pacific," Abe told the same news conference.
"To make this happen, it is indispensable for Sri Lanka to achieve sustainable growth as a hub, and develop ports that are open to all."
(Reporting by Kiyoshi Takenaka)
U.S. lawmaker Scalise in critical condition after attack by gunman at baseball field
ALEXANDRIA, Va. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, was in critical condition on Wednesday night after they and three others were shot as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
By Sindhu Chandrasekaran March 29 Indonesian stocks hit a record high on Wednesday while Singapore shares climbed to their highest in nearly 20 months as data showing strong U.S. consumer confidence boosted sentiment in export-reliant Asian economies. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March, government data showed on Tuesday, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply in February, indicating the economy was regaining momentum after faltering at the start of the year. The regional markets were responding positively to the strong U.S. consumer sentiment, said April Lee-Tan, head of research at COL Financial Group, adding that they would benefit from upbeat U.S. consumers by boosting exports. Indonesian shares closed about 1 percent higher, coming off Monday's losses, on the back of gains in financial and material stocks. PT Bank Danamon Indonesia Tbk ended 4.2 percent higher, while PT Semen Baturaja (Persero) Tbk surged 10.1 percent. The market was closed on Tuesday for a holiday. Singapore shares rose for a second straight session and closed at their highest since August 2015. Financials accounted for nearly half the gains with DBS Group Holdings climbing 1.4 percent. Oil prices extended gains despite industry data showing an increase in U.S. crude inventories, lifted by supply disruptions in Libya and views that an OPEC-led output reduction is likely to be extended. Vietnam shares closed marginally higher, posting their fourth session of gains in five. Vietnam's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter, government data showed, as production was weak in agriculture, mining and manufacturing. Thai stocks ended largely flat. Thailand's central bank raised its forecasts for 2017 economic growth and exports while leaving the key interest rate where it has been for nearly two years. Malaysian shares shed 0.2 percent with consumer staples weighing on the index. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS Change on the day Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3184.57 3157.82 0.85 Bangkok 1574.97 1576.72 -0.11 Manila 7324 7331.46 -0.10 Jakarta 5592.51 5541.202 0.93 Kuala Lumpur 1750.41 1754.42 -0.23 Ho Chi Minh 720.47 719.26 0.17 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3184.57 2880.76 10.55 Bangkok 1574.97 1542.94 2.08 Manila 7324 6840.64 7.1 Jakarta 5592.51 5296.711 5.58 Kuala Lumpur 1750.41 1641.73 6.62 Ho Chi Minh 720.47 664.87 8.4 (Reporting by Sindhu Chandrasekaran; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
LONDON (Reuters) - Living thousands of miles from Hollywood and lacking any acting experience, Susan Clark and Joan Brown seemed unlikely candidates to land roles opposite Daniel Day-Lewis.
But, experts with a needle and thread, Brown, 74, and Clark, 67, have speaking roles in “Phantom Thread,” in which the triple Oscar winner Day-Lewis plays a couturier.
The film is set in a fashion house in the 1950s London, a world the pair experienced, Brown as a ladies' seamstress and Clark a dressmaking teacher.
The pair's involvement in the film began when they were consulted for their fashion expertise - in their capacity as specialist sewing volunteers at London's V&A Museum, but did not initially realise who they were dealing with.
“I was talking to this very nice gentleman about one of the pieces of costume that they've got out and I looked down at their security pass and it said ‘Daniel Day-Lewis' and I looked up into their face and I thought - oh, it is, isn't it?” Clark said.
FILE PHOTO: Actor Daniel Day-Lewis arrives for a news conference before the first screening of the movie "Phantom Thread" in Athens, Greece, February 1, 2018.REUTERS/Costas Baltas/File Photo
Initially, the pair were recruited as technical advisors, but were subsequently asked to play seamstresses working for Day-Lewis' character, small roles, but ones in which they appear regularly throughout the film.
Day-Lewis, known for their meticulous preparation, studied with designers for months and made a couture dress in preparation for their role as designer Reynolds Woodcock.
FILE PHOTO: Actor Daniel Day-Lewis arrives for a news conference before the first screening of the movie "Phantom Thread" in Athens, Greece February 1, 2018.REUTERS/Costas Baltas/File Photo
During production they sought to draw on Brown and Clark's knowledge to ensure the accuracy of period details, as Clark found when they pointed out that a garment was being assembled in an inauthentic way.
“I sort of said ‘no, it's not like that - do it like that,' and (Day-Lewis) said ‘you must tell us - you must tell us because it's got to be right,' ... because he's such a method actor.”
With “Phantom Thread” nominated for six Oscars - will Brown and Clark's Hollywood adventure stretch all the way to the film world's most prestigious event?
“I think we haven't been invited yet, so we're just going to wait and see. My passport is out of date at the moment,” Clark said.
Results: DCAT enrolled 1406 patients (484 in usual care, 480 in supported care, and 442 in technology-facilitated care), most of whom were Hispanic or Latino and female. Compared with usual care, both the supported care and technology-facilitated care groups were associated with significant reduction in depressive symptoms measured by scores on the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire (the least squares estimate, LSE: usual care=6.35, supported care=5.05, technology-facilitated care=5.16; P value: supported care vs usual care=.02, technology-facilitated care vs usual care=.02); decreased prevalence of major depression (odds ratio, OR: supported care vs usual care=0.45, technology-facilitated care vs usual care=0.33; P value: supported care vs usual care=.02, technology-facilitated care vs usual care=.007); and reduced functional disability as measured by Sheehan Disability Scale scores (LSE: usual care=3.21, supported care=2.61, technology-facilitated care=2.59; P value: supported care vs usual care=.04, technology-facilitated care vs usual care=.03). Technology-facilitated care was significantly associated with depression remission (technology-facilitated care vs usual care: OR=2.98, P =.04); increased satisfaction with care for emotional problems among depressed patients (LSE: usual care=3.20, technology-facilitated care=3.70; P =.05); reduced total cholesterol level (LSE: usual care=176.40, technology-facilitated care=160.46; P =.01); improved satisfaction with diabetes care (LSE: usual care=4.01, technology-facilitated care=4.20; P =.05); and increased odds of taking an glycated hemoglobin test (technology-facilitated care vs usual care: OR=3.40, P 6 indicates functional disability [ , ]), which implies that the room for improvement is small. This finding suggests that the two enhanced care delivery models not only improved depressive symptoms but also translated such symptom improvement into better perceived life functioning.
While the TC model delivered positive results, and most patients in the TC groups reported high acceptance of the ICT tested in DCAT [ ], there is significant room for improvement in using the ATA technology. Specifically, only half of the scheduled calls were answered successfully because of phone connectivity issues or lack of time for the patient to answer the calls [ , ]. One challenge may have been that during the study, most patients in LACDHS did not use cellphones. Now that cellphones are more readily available, attention should be turned to other ICT (such as SMS text messages and smartphone apps) to improve patient contact and to capture patient-reported outcomes. Such technology has greater portability and versatility, may extend the ATA capabilities in reaching and engaging patients, may potentially increase the model effectiveness, and may reduce costs.
Researchers can expect unpredictable consequences after making changes (such as the DCAT implementation) in complex systems such as LACDHS. As discussed in another DCAT study [ ], two particularly important implications that emerged were the strengthened role of social workers (in both SC and TC) and the importance of suicide-alert responders (in TC). Every DMP site had a colocated clinical social worker, an evidence-based method of improving quality of depression care [ , ]. The clinical social workers were an underutilized resource before the study; during the DCAT trial, they proved instrumental in adopting depression care. Furthermore, the suicide-alert responders appeared to play a much larger role than anticipated. Providers facing typical barriers in mental health care (including lack of familiarity with guidelines, lack of self-efficacy, and lack of outcome expectancy [ ]) were reassured by the availability of an organizational resource for the patient to fall back on in the “worst case scenario,” namely severe suicidal ideation. Taken together with the strengthened role of the social worker, the interventions seemed to have leveraged the available mental health resources into a more cohesive, integrated model of mental health care in a primary setting. In other words, the SC and TC models used existing diabetes disease management teams and leveraged available mental health resources to implement depression symptom monitoring and treatment protocols, provider collaborative communication, and patient relapse prevention.
In summary, the 6-month DCAT findings suggest that both the TC and SC delivery models are significantly associated with improved depression outcomes and life functioning, and that the TC model offers additional promise in terms of improved depression remission, diabetes care processes, and patient satisfaction. Given the rapid rise of diabetes during the past several decades—especially among low-income, minority populations—and the immense opportunity to improve diabetes-related measures and outcomes, a growing number of health plans and health care organizations are trying to manage their diabetes population through disease management programs. The SC and TC models demonstrated that an important and valuable way to support providers is to add evidence-based collaborative depression care and facilitate adoption of ICT in diabetes DMPs designed to reduce disparities in commonly comorbid diabetes and depression care. When enhanced by ICT, DMPs may be able to greatly improve overall care, cost, and effectiveness of health care delivery for underserved patients. DCAT SC and TC models improved diabetes and depression outcomes in the second largest US safety-net health system; other resource-constrained programs may replicate these models to improve comorbid diabetes and depression outcomes.
Limitations
The main limitation of this study is its employment of a quasi-experimental design, which introduces bias because of the differences in both patient characteristics and care teams at each facility. To mitigate the bias, in the regression analysis we adjusted for patient differences through propensity scores and the assignment of the six care teams at eight facilities (each facility was staffed by only one team; two of the six teams served two facilities). Although care facilities were matched by geographic location and patient sociodemographics among the three study groups, the quality of care can vary from facility to facility; therefore, the regression analysis included a check in which care team assignments were replaced for each facility. This analysis did not change the direction and significance of intervention effects; however, the adjustment may not be sufficient. Differences in the facilities, the DMP care teams, and the unmeasured patient sociodemographics, diabetes and comorbid conditions, and psychological stress measures may differentiate diabetes and depression care needs and outcomes [ ]. Providers should consider these differences when applying the technology.
Another limitation may be the predominantly Latino sample, which raises concern about the generalizability of findings. Applying the DCAT TC model to other groups should be done cautiously and with further evaluation.
The third limitation is the focus in this paper on clinical outcomes. However, the DCAT TC model was designed to accelerate the adoption of evidence-based collaborative care to improve the overall care process. Full analyses of 18-month clinical outcomes and the cost-effectiveness of the TC model will be reported elsewhere.
The fourth limitation is lack of data to understand the practical mechanism by which the SC DMP and the technology-enhanced TC DMP led to improvements in depression. Possible improvement mechanisms for future research include better treatment initiation or adjustment, receipt of PST, greater patient adherence, or referrals and visits to other mental health providers.
Comparison With Prior Work
DCAT adds to the growing number of telehealth studies that are employing technology to improve depression care in primary care settings for patients with chronic diseases [ - ]. A key strength of the DCAT TC model over earlier studies is that it used automated calls, which reduces provider depression monitoring workload and allows more time for clinical encounters such as timely adjustment of treatment. The TC model is especially effective in a resource-constrained environment such as safety-net care systems, improving care for predominantly minority and low-income patients.
Applying automated remote monitoring ICT, electronic clinical decision support, and even artificial intelligence to facilitate chronic disease management is an emerging research topic. Prior studies revealed that ATA is valid in conducting depression screening and suggested the technology can be incorporated into the care management model [ , ]. However, evidence is limited regarding the comparative effectiveness of the technology. Kroenke et al [ ] tested ATA with care management for pain and depression in patients with cancer; Ratanawongsa et al [ ] and Handley et al [ ] tested ATA-facilitated diabetes management for low-income Medicaid and safety-net patients. The DCAT study uniquely addressed depression care for patients with type 2 diabetes in a safety-net setting where comorbidity of the two diseases is common and where many barriers such as culture diversity, financial stress, and limited provider resources impede the adoption of evidence-based depression interventions. Results from DCAT are consistent with prior studies [ - ] and support ATA as a promising technology to facilitate care management, even for sensitive conditions such as depression, for diverse populations and in primary care settings.
Conclusions
Both SC and TC models are associated with improved 6-month depression outcomes and reduced functional disability among adult patients with type 2 diabetes. However, the TC model is more likely to achieve greater improvements in depression remission, as well as measures of patient satisfaction and diabetes care quality. This paper provides encouraging evidence that a well-designed automated ICT system is an effective facilitator that can support delivery of evidence-based collaborative depression care to patients with type 2 diabetes in a resource-constrained urban safety-net primary care setting. This is a promising solution to reduce health disparities, improve patient experience of care, and improve the health of low-income, minority populations.
HAMILTON, New Zealand (AP) — Trent Boult claimed their 200th test wicket as New Zealand closed in on a match and series win over the West Indies on the fourth day of the second test.
The West Indies, needing 444 runs to win the test and level the two-test series, were 106-5 at lunch on Tuesday, still 338 runs behind. Roston Chase was 32 not out, Raymon Reifer was unbeaten on 9 and Sunil Ambris retired hurt. New Zealand won the first test by an innings and 67 runs.
Boult dismissed West Indies captain Kraigg Brathwaite (20) in the sixth over of the morning to become the fifth New Zealander after Richard Hadlee (433), Daniel Vettori (361), Chris Martin (233) and Chris Cairns (218) to take 200 wickets in test cricket.
Boult took 4-73 in the first innings, scored 37 not out at No. 11 as New Zealand made 373 batting first, took two catches as the West Indies were dismissed for 221 in their first innings and had 2-38 at lunch.
Advertisement
Brathwaite, leading the West Indies in this test in place of the suspended Jason Holder, top-scored in the first innings with 66. Theirs seemed the critical wicket Tuesday and Boult claimed it early after the West Indies resumed at 30-2.
Brathwaite had moved to 20 when they cut a ball from Boult directly to Kane Williamson, who took an easy catch at gully.
Neil Wagner, who used leg theory to take 7-39 in the first innings of the first test, setting up New Zealand's series-opening win in Wellington, hit Hope on the forearm with a short delivery early in the day. Hope had reached 23 but was unsettled after being struck and fell at 68-4 when they hooked another short ball from Wagner to Colin de Grandhomme at backward square.
Wagner also struck Ambris (5), who retired hurt with a wrist injury and was taken to hospital for tests. The incident continued an eventful start to Ambris's test career; they have been out hit wicket twice in their first three innings, including to the first ball they faced in tests.
Wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich, who went to the crease in place of Ambris, lasted two balls and hadn't scored when they parried a short ball from Wagner to Henry Nicholls at short leg.
Chase batted soundly for their 32 from 52 balls and Reifer, on test debut, again showed their stickability. They made an unbeaten 23 in the first innings.
MEXICO CITY, April 12 Mexico's central bank board was unanimous in its decision to hike interest rates to a nearly 8-year high, and most members thought they had hiked rates enough given recent shocks to the economy, minutes showed on Wednesday.
Policymakers voted 5 to 0 to raise the bank's key rate by 25 basis points to 6.50 percent at their March 30 meeting, the minutes showed. (Reporting by Mexico newsroom)
March 29 Grammer AG:
* Dividend up 71 percent to 1.30 euros per share
* Outlook for 2017: further growth accompanied by rising profitability
* FY revenue of 1.696 billion euros ($1.83 billion)(2015: 1.426 billion euros)
* FY consolidated net profit after tax almost doubled to 45.2 million euros (2015: 23.8 million euros)
* FY earnings per share also climbed significantly to 4.01 euros (2015: 2.10 euros)
* FY earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) rose by a disproportionately strong 71 percent to 73.0 million euros (2015: 42.7 million euros) thanks to positive effects from systematic implementation of cost- and process-optimization measures
* Looking forward to 2017, it projects moderate growth in its core business and, provided that exchange rates remain stable, is expecting revenues of more than 1.75 billion euros
* Operating EBIT in 2017 should exceed figure for 2016, with EBIT margin set to rise again to around 5 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9247 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 12 Skypeople Fruit Juice Inc
* Skypeople announces agreement to market its products on China's Xunqin Mall open platform website
* Unit signed 1-year service agreement to market products on open platform xunqin mall with Shenzhen Weipin Zhiyuan Information Technology Co
* Brands to be marketed are company's Hedetang And Hede Jiachuan Products Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Eagle-eyed royal fans have spotted a never-before-seen photo of Prince Harry, and their wife Meghan Markle proudly on display at Buckingham Palace in the background of a new picture of the Queen, released today.
The Queen with the Honorable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. Source: Getty
The picture was taken during a meeting between Queen Elizabeth and the Honorable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom.
What at first seems like an innocuous snap turns out, on closer inspection, to reveal a rare picture of the newlyweds on a table in the background.
Close up of a never before seen photo of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Source: Getty
The picture shows Prince Harry and Meghan Markle cozying up to each other in what looks like a professionally taken shot.
The Duchess of Sussex is wearing a fitted white dress in the picture, while Harry sports a dapper looking blue suit.
Extreme close up of the Prince Harry and Meghan Markle picture. Source: Getty
The honeymoon
Speculation is rife over the married couple's honeymoon destination. After Namibia was cancelled, after being leaked to the media, the couple are now thought to be honeymooning in Canada, at Alberta's Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge.
Invitations have also been flying in from others, and earlier this week Suits actor Harvey Specter, whose real name is Gabriel Macht, and their wife, Aussie actor Jacinda Barrett, extended an invitation for the royal couple to holiday with them on the Sunshine Coast.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are likely to join Macht in Noosa during a planned trip downunder in October, when Harry will open the Invictus Games in Sydney in late October, before also visiting New Zealand and Tonga.
NORTH CHARLESTON, South Carolina, March 31 (Reuters) - B oeing Co's newest and largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, took off successfully on its first flight on Friday, kicking off a flight test program for the high-tech jet.
The plane, which sells for $312.8 million at list price and rounds out a family of three carbon-fiber composite Dreamliners, is being built exclusively at Boeing's factory in North Charleston, South Carolina. The facility is Boeing's only jetliner assembly factory outside of Washington state. (Reporting by Harriet McLeod in North Charleston and Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
The Canton of Zurich's Court of Appeals, Tuesday, has denied a German government claim to retrieve some 200 million Swiss francs ($205 million, €168 million) worth of funds that disappeared from an account belonging to a former East German export company at a private Swiss bank.
The case is part of a larger attempt by Berlin to track down funds that disappeared during the tumultuous period brought about by the collapse of communist East Germany.
Watch video 04:46 Share How luxury worked in east and west Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2hibp How luxury worked in east and west
Details of the case
The appeal came after a court of first instance ruled in favor of Swiss bank Julius Baer in December.
The amount, 200 million Swiss francs, is based on the missing funds, estimated at 97 million Swiss francs, plus interest lost since 1994.
The court found that Swiss bankers had no reason to doubt the legality of accepting transferred funds.
Why is the money in Switzerland? The cash was transferred to Cantrade bank, which was subsequently taken over by the Swiss private bank Julius Baer. The bank accepted transfers until 1992, despite the fact that they had become illegal as a result of German reunification in 1990.
Read more: The Hunt for East German Money
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Sergio Garcia of Spain tips their cap as they leaf the 18th green after finishing their third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Sergio Garcia has learned that fighting Augusta National is a no-win situation, so the 37-year-old Spaniard is growing to love a course that has not generally been kind to him.
The Spaniard, who is looking to secure a long-awaited first major title, ended the third round of the U.S. Masters on Saturday as joint leader alongside Olympic champion Justin Rose on six under par.
"It's the kind of place that if you are trying to fight against it, it's going to beat you down," Garcia told reporters.
"So you've just got to roll with it and realise that sometimes you're going to get good breaks, like has happened to me a few times this week, and sometimes you're going to get not‑so‑good breaks."
Garcia, whose best Masters finish was tied fourth in 2004, will tee off on Sunday which would have been the 60th birthday of Spanish great Seve Ballesteros who died of cancer in 2011.
Garcia grew up idolising Ballesteros, who won the Masters in 1980 and 1983, and another Spanish two-times Augusta champion in Jose Maria Olazabal.
"I don't even know how much it would mean to be able to join both of my idols as a Masters winner," they said.
"It would be nice to have a chance and hopefully do it."
Garcia said they received what they described as a "beautiful" message of encouragement from Olazabal on Wednesday.
"He has a good touch when it comes down to those things," they said. "It really meant a lot."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Foxconn, the trading name of Hon Hai Precision Industry, is seen on top of the company's headquarters in New Taipei City, Taiwan March 29, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo
WASHINGTON Foxconn, the world's largest contract electronic manufacturer and a major Apple Inc (AAPL.O) supplier, is planning an investment in the United States but has not finalised its plans, said Chairman Terry Gou as they exited the White House on Friday.
Formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co (2317.TW), Foxconn operates large manufacturing facilities in China, which is a base for its assembly of Apple's iPhones.
(Reporting by Ginger Gibson and Ayesha Rascoe; Additional report by Gui Qing Koh in New York; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh)
April 13 Four people were shot on Thursday at an Atlanta rail station and a suspect has been caught, the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) said in an emailed statement.
Linde Group logo is seen at company building before the annual news conference in Munich, Germany March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lukas Barth
MUNICH, Germany Linde (LING.DE) and Praxair's (PX.N) $65 billion (52 billion pounds) merger talks are facing legal complexities that mean the agreement will not be finalised as planned before Linde's annual shareholder meeting on May 10, a source familiar with the situation said.
The all-share U.S.-German merger of equals is intended to create a market leader that will overtake France's Air Liquide (AIRP.PA) and reunite a global Linde group split by World War One a century ago.
Adding to the complexities, the deal has met unexpectedly strong resistance from German trade unions who fear a dilution of their influence when the headquarters moves out of Germany and more profitable Praxair applies its operating practices worldwide.
A Linde spokesperson said the two companies were still working towards finalising the business combination agreement before the AGM, but could not rule out that it would be later.
Linde is not planning to allow shareholders to vote on the deal at the AGM, arguing that each investor would in any case have to make an individual decision whether to tender their or their shares.
German private-investor association DSW has already demanded that an extraordinary shareholder meeting be called if the deal is not wrapped up before the AGM.
(Reporting by Jens Hack; Writing by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Christoph Steitz and Keith Weir)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
(Beznau 1 out until May 10) FRANKFURT, April 20 The following table lists maintenance outages and unscheduled stoppages at Swiss nuclear power plants. Maintenance usually takes place in the spring and summer. Ownership of the plants is detailed under (1,2,3...) PLANT MW TIME PERIOD LEAD OPERATOR CURRENT OUTAGES Beznau 1 365 Mar 13, 2015 - May 10, 2017 Axpo (1)*** ............................................................... FURTHER OUTAGES/LOAD REDUCTIONS PLANNED FOR 2017 2017 Leibstadt 1,245 load reduced by 120 MW between Feb 17 and Sept 18, full outage Sep 18-Nov 7, load drop by 120 MW again Nov 7, '17 through Jul 31, '18 Alpiq (3) Beznau 2 365 Aug 18-Sep 24 Axpo (1) Goesgen 970 Jun 4-26 Alpiq (3) Muehleberg 355 Jul 23-Sep 10 BKW-FMB (4) ................................................................ COMPLETED OUTAGES IN 2017 Muehleberg 355 Mar 9, load cut by 168 MW for 4 hrs BKW-FMB (4) Leibstadt 1,245 Feb 18-20 Alpiq (3) Leibstadt 1,245 Aug 2-Feb 17 Alpiq (3) ................................................................ COMPLETED OUTAGES (LOAD DROPS) IN 2016 Muehleberg 355 Dec 15, 3 hrs by 167 MW BKW-FMB (4) Muehleberg 355 Nov 17-18, by 113 MW between 1059 and 0159 BKW-FMB (4) Muehleberg 355 Sep 20, by 184 MW between 0730-1200 BKW-FMB (4) Muehleberg 355 Aug 14-Sep 10 BKW-FMB (4) Beznau 2 365 Aug 5-18 Axpo (1) Goesgen 970 Jun 4-26 Alpiq (3) ................................................................ OUTAGES PLANNED FOR 2018 2018 Goesgen 970 Jun 4-26 Alpiq (3) Leibstadt 1,245 Jul 31-Sept 19 Alpiq (3) Beznau 2 365 Jun 9-Jul 7 Axpo (1) Beznau 1 365 May 2-14 Axpo (1) Muehleberg 355 Jul 23-Sept 10 BKW-FMB (4) OUTAGES PLANNED FOR 2019 2019 Goesgen 970 Jun 1-Jul 1 Alpiq (3) Leibstadt 1,245 Jun 4-Oct 2 Alpiq (3) Beznau 1 365 Apr 30-May 12 Axpo (1) Beznau 2 365 Jun 7-Jul 8 Axpo (3) ................................................................ 1) Axpo AG (formlery NOK) is part of the Axpo Holding which is 100% in public hands and also consists of Centralschweizerische Kraftwerke AG (CKW) and EGL AG. 2) Alpiq (40%), Axpo (25%), Zurich city (15%), CKW (12.5%), Energie Wasser Bern (ewb) (7.5%) 3) KKL is the operator, of which Alpiq AG (27.4%), Alpiq Suisse SA (5%), Axpo AG (22.8%), EGL AG (16.3%), CKW (13.6%), BKW FMB Beteiligungen AG (9.5%), AEW Energie AG (5.4%) 4) Canton Berne (52.54%), EAG (10%),E.ON Energie (7.03%), BKW FMB (9.99%), others (20.44%) (Reporting by Vera Eckert)
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 The leader of South Africa's opposition Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) said on Friday the ultra-left party wanted a no confidence vote in parliament against President Jacob Zuma after they roiled markets by sacking Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Zuma's ruling African National Congress has almost two thirds of the seats in parliament and similar motions have failed in the past. But EFF leader Julius Malema told a televised news conference that it was not a waste of time to try because the country was in crisis. (Reporting by Tiisetso Motsoeneng; Writing by Ed Stoddard; Editing by James Macharia)
WELLINGTON, March 31 New Zealand business sentiment dropped in March, hit by the downturn in dairy prices, an ANZ Bank survey showed on Friday.
The survey's headline measure showed a net 11.3 percent of respondents expected the economy to improve over the year ahead, versus a 16.6 percent optimism level in the previous poll.
Nonetheless, a net 38.8 percent of respondents expected their own businesses to grow in the next 12 months, up from 37.2 percent last month.
Inflation expectations on a 12-month horizon rose to 1.83 percent compared with 1.73 percent in the previous survey. (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Eric Meijer)
An Afghan police officer keeps watch on a roof of a building near the site of a suicide bomb attack in Kabul, Afghanistan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan police officers keep watch at the site of a suicide bomb attack in Kabul, Afghanistan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan security forces arrive to inspect the site of suicide bomb attack in Kabul, Afghanistan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
An Afghan National Army (ANA) soldier keeps watch at the site of a suicide bomb attack in Kabul, Afghanistan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
An Afghan family waits as police officers block the road near the site of of suicide bomb attack in Kabul, Afghanistan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail
Afghan police officers keep watch at the site of a suicide bomb attack in Kabul, Afghanistan April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
KABUL Islamic State militants claimed responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on Wednesday near the Afghan Defence Ministry that killed at least five people.
A statement by the Afghan Interior Ministry reported several more people were wounded, while a Defence Ministry spokesperson said at least one civilian and two members of the Afghan security forces were among the casualties, adding that the target appeared to be a police post near military headquarters.
Islamic State claimed responsibility in an online post.
A police officer at the scene told Reuters the attack appeared to have been carried out by a suicide bomber on foot. A Reuters witness reported seeing several damaged cars, with possible injuries to the occupants.
Last month, Islamic State fighters killed nearly 50 people when then stormed the main military hospital in Kabul.
Islamic State's offshoot in Afghanistan, known as the Sunni jihadist group's so-called Khorasan Province, is suspected of carrying out several attacks on minority Shi'ite Muslim targets. U.S. officials say intelligence suggests Islamic State is based overwhelmingly in Nangarhar and neighbouring Kunar province.
Estimates of its strength in Afghanistan vary. U.S. officials have said they believe the movement has only 700 fighters but Afghan officials estimate it has about 1,500.
The Afghan Taliban, who are trying to overthrow the U.S.-backed government in Kabul, are fiercely opposed to Islamic State and the two have clashed as they seek to expand territory and influence.
(Reporting by Mirwais Harooni in Kabul and Ahmed Tolba in Cairo; Editing by Alison Williams)
April 19 Ecology And Environment Inc:
* Ecology And Environment, Inc. Reaches agreement with mill road capital
* Reached agreement with Mill Road Capital, its affiliates to amicably resolve proxy contest between co and mill road
* As part of agreement, mill road has agreed to certain standstill restrictions and other customary provisions
* Under agreement, two individuals nominated by mill road to join board as class a directors following 2017 annual meeting Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 General Dynamics Corp
* General Dynamics UK awarded £330 million contract to develop next-generation battlefield network for british army
* System will be used to plan, deploy, manage and monitor communications and information for army
* General dynamics - contract creates 125 new jobs as well as sustaining jobs of 125 highly-skilled engineers at general dynamics uk's headquarters in oakdale
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
NEW DELHI, April 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - India's benchmark land acquisition law must be amended to make it easier to buy land for defence and development projects in the fast-growing economy, while also ensuring the rights of farmers, a senior government official said.
A joint parliamentary committee is studying proposed changes to the 2013 law, which include allowing buyers to acquire land without the consent of local communities, and removing the need to carry out an assessment of the social impact of their plans.
"The biggest issue we are facing is the pace of land acquisitions - on average, it takes 59 months to acquire land under this law," said Hukum Singh Meena, a joint secretary of the department of land resources.
"But you cannot wait five years for projects such as infrastructure and power - at least in these cases, acquisitions need to be expedited," they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Conflicts related to land and resources are the main reason behind stalled industrial and development projects in India, affecting millions of people and jeopardising billions of dollars of investment, a recent study showed.
Enacted by the previous government, the 2013 law aimed to protect poor farmers by making their consent in land deals mandatory. It also introduced a social impact assessment, support for those displaced by projects and compensation of up to four times the market value of their homes.
But within a year of the law coming into force, a new government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi attempted to amend the legislation by removing the need for consent and a social impact assessment.
But the executive order failed to pass due to fierce opposition. Four states have since amended the law, with other states considering similar changes to speed up land deals. .
"States are amending the law because they want to expedite acquisitions. But if all the states want the same things, why not amend the central law?" Meena said.
A former minister who helped frame the landmark law, that replaced a colonial-era law, has said diluting the land acquisition law not only hurts farmers, but also risks more conflicts and legal challenges.
Meena said a compromise is essential to ensure growth and create jobs for India's 1.3 billion population.
"We do not want to take away the rights of farmers. We just want to expedite crucial projects," they said. (Reporting by Rina Chandran @rinachandran, Editing by Katie Nguyen. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
Participants who make tax-deductible donations at www.dreamgiveaway.com and enter the 2017 Challenger Dream Giveaway support seven worthwhile charities through donations made to charity sponsor, New Beginning Children's Homes.
Contact
DGGroup, Inc., Kim Meyers
***@dggroupinc.com DGGroup, Inc., Kim Meyers
End
-- The, a nationwide drawing sponsored by New Beginning Children's Homes–a charitable organization, has officially launched! The winner of this extraordinary prize package will receive a Hemi-equipped 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T and the world's only 1,000-plus horsepower 2017 Challenger HellScat, plus $45,000 cash for taxes! Both vehicles were unveiled to automotive enthusiasts this past weekend at thein Hebron, Ohio.To enter to win this never-before-seen prize package, the general public can simply callor enter online atThe Grand Prize: The first half of the grand prize is a 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T with the super-rare Hemi engine option. There were only 150 automatic-equipped Hemi Challengers produced in model-year 1970 and this is one of them! It features Mopar's legendary 425hp, 426ci Hemi big block engine topped with a high-flowing pair of old school, four-barrel carburetors. Other features include dual exhaust, chrome exhaust tips, a Rallye instrument panel, and much more! This 1970 Challenger was track tested and autographed by 17-time NHRA National Champion "Big Daddy" Don Garlits!The second half of the grand prize is the world's only 2017 Challenger HellScat, a salute to the Dodge Scat Pack racing team of the late '60s and early '70s. This Hellcat-based Super-Challenger produces 1,000 plus horsepower and 1,000 lb-ft of torque, thanks to its 6.2-liter Hemi engine and 4.5-liter Whipple supercharger. The grand-prize winner also will receive a handheld tuner with two custom tunes: street and track, allowing the use of street gas or 100-octane race fuel. Other features include TorRed exterior paint, low-glass performance wheels with TorRed-colored wheel barrels, Laguna leather seats with HellScat embroidery, eight-speed Autostick automatic transmission, Nitto Tires drag radials, and one-of-kind badging and graphics. This 2017 Challenger was track tested and autographed by 17-time NHRA National Champion "Big Daddy" Don Garlits.New Beginning Children's Homes (NBCH), the sponsor of this giveaway, is a 501(c)3 provider of family-style long-term residential care with a mission to provide foster children a safe and faith-centered family atmosphere where they can heal, grow, and be loved while working through difficult life issues. In addition to the funding they receive, NBCH will provide grants to several worthwhile charities, including Disabled American Veterans (DAV), National Guard Educational Foundation, Smile Network International, Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD), Bright Pink and Detroit Rescue Mission Ministries.For low-res and high-res photography and video assets, please contact Kim Meyers.A 2017 Challenger Dream Giveaway spokesperson is available for press interviews for traditional print, broadcast, and radio media and digital-only sites. Please contact Kim Meyers to arrange a press interview.
Firefighters are seen outside Hongkou soccer stadium as a fire broke out, in Shanghai, China, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Firefighters inspect the site where a fire broke out at the Shanghai Hongkou soccer stadium in Shanghai, China March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
Firefighters inspect the site where a fire broke out at the Shanghai Hongkou soccer stadium in Shanghai, China March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
Rescue workers stand outside the site where a fire broke out at the Shanghai Hongkou soccer stadium in Shanghai, China March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
A view of the site where a fire broke out at the Shanghai Hongkou soccer stadium in Shanghai, China March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI The home stadium of China's Shanghai Shenhua football club caught fire early on Tuesday but there were no casualties and the blaze was extinguished by mid-morning, the city government said.
The cause of the blaze at the Hongkou Football Stadium was still being investigated, Shanghai city government said on its official microblog.
State news agency Xinhua said the fire, which pictures online showed pouring from one side of the stadium, had not affected the stands or the pitch.
The Chinese Super League team has spent heavily to sign high-profile players in recent months.
Carlos Tevez signed a two-year deal in December for a reported 84 million euros (72.58 million pounds) while Senegalese striker Demba Ba, Nigerian forward Obafemi Martins and Colombian midfielder Fredy Guarin also play at the club.
Shanghai Shenhua, who appointed Gus Poyet as manager last year, finished fourth last season, 16 points behind champions Guangzhou Evergrande.
After being knocked out of Asia's top club competition in February the team felt obliged to apologise to fans.
"Grateful there are no civilian casualties. As for the Shenhua emblem, it's best to burn it into ashes," one person said on China's popular Sina Weibo microblog.
Others thought the fire could be a good omen for the national team, which beat South Korea last week to reignite a faltering World Cup qualifying campaign.
"The fire is extinguished, the emblem is intact, this must mean the Chinese national team will rise from the ashes," said one.
(Reporting by John Ruwitch and Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
DUBLIN Ireland's central bank raised its 2017 economic growth forecasts for the first time in more than a year on Thursday as it pointed to a broadening domestic-economy recovery despite concerns about Brexit.
Ireland's economy has been the best-performing in the European Union since 2014, but the central bank has for the last year been nudging down its expectations for 2017, anticipating a blow from neighbouring Britain's vote to leave the EU.
So far, though, any impact has been mainly confined to some exporters being hurt by currency depreciation and domestic demand was more than making up for that, the bank said. It raised its forecast for gross domestic product growth to 3.5 percent from 3.3 percent three months ago.
That was still more pessimistic than the 4 to 4.25 percent growth Ireland's finance department pointed to on Wednesday and the 4.4 percent the central bank initially forecast in January last year, five months before Britain's EU referendum .
But the central bank also raised its GDP forecast for 2018 to 3.2 percent from 3 percent, foreseeing both earnings and consumer spending growing by half a percentage point more than it had expected a quarter ago.
It said annual earnings growth of 2.8 percent in 2017 and 2018, compared with an average forecast for inflation of less than 1 percent, would constitute significant gains in real terms and provide a further impetus to growth.
"The evidence points to an economy which continues to grow at a healthy pace, supported by strong domestic spending and activity data," Central Bank Chief Economist Gabriel Fagan said in a statement.
"However, risks continue to be on the downside, with the outlook characterised by uncertainty about the external environment, both in relation to Brexit and the changing political and economic policymaking landscape."
Britain is a key trading partner for Ireland, which says it has more to lose in a Brexit than any other EU member.
The central bank has said in its most pessimistic scenario, where increased tariff and non-tariff barriers significantly reduce trade flows between Ireland and the United Kingdom, Irish GDP could be 3.2 percent lower over a period of 10 years.
(Reporting by Padraic Halpin, editing by Larry King)
Police are treating the death of a six-year-old girl whose body was found in woodland on the Isle of Bute on Monday as murder, officers have confirmed.
In a press conference late on Tuesday evening, Police Scotland said a postmortem examination had confirmed that the body recovered was that of Alesha MacPhail. They appealed for anyone who was involved in the search operation that was carried out on Monday to come forward.
“Alesha's family is utterly devastated by what has happened and the news that we have had to give them this evening,” said Det Supt Stuart Houston. “Alesha was a six-year-old girl who had started their summer holidays and came here to spend their holiday with their relatives.”
They confirmed at the press conference on the island that Police Scotland was treating their death as murder. Earlier, the force said additional police officers had been sent to the island to help the investigation, as well as to reassure the community.
Det Supt Houston said officers were trying to put together a timeline of the girl's disappearance and wanted to speak to anyone who had been in the area of Ardbeg Road in Rothesay. They said a forensic investigation was held in the area where their body was found, though officers were still investigating the specific circumstances of their death.
The officer said there were numerous lines of inquiry in respect of how the six-year-old left the house where they were staying and the circumstances surrounding their death, though they offered no further details. Asked if police believed claims they had sleepwalked, they repeated only that police were following numerous lines of inquiry.
Alesha was reported missing shortly before 6.30am on Monday and their body was found about 2½ hours later by a member of the public after a large-scale search.
Shortly after the discovery of their body, Det Supt Houston said: “This death of a six-year-old child has shocked the tight-knit community of Rothesay and it is imperative that we find out what has happened.” – Guardian
Kim Kardashian has met with the President Donald Trump at the White House to make a high-profile case for prison reform and advocate on behalf of a grandmother who's serving a life sentence for drug offences.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star arrived at the White House on Wednesday afternoon local time to meet with Jared Kushner — President Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser — who also oversees the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system.
Kim Kardashian, second from left, leaves the West Wing of the White House in Washington. Photo / AP
It's understood they reached out to Ivanka Trump, who put them in contact with their husband.
In a meeting which reportedly lasted "less than an hour", the reality TV star urged President Donald Trump to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who has spent more than two decades behind bars and is not eligible for parole.
Advertisement
Kim Kardashian has left the White House.
Less than an hour here. https://t.co/XrcVCoxrr5 — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) May 30, 2018
According to US media reports, Johnson's conviction stemmed from their role in a multimillion-dollar drug ring that dealt thousands of kilograms of cocaine.
Afterwards, Trump tweeted a fairly awkward photo of themselves and Kardashian in the Oval Office.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Within seconds, the bizarro photo of this meeting of the minds became the talk of Twitter:
Show this tweet to someone in 2014 and their head would explode. https://t.co/QPaWOzF6em — Mark Di Stefano 🤙🏻 (@MarkDiStef) May 30, 2018
America. Officially eaten itself. https://t.co/0Qv7pNoasx — Latika M Bourke (@latikambourke) May 30, 2018
This is America pic.twitter.com/9RBpzviDIL — Darren Hayes (@darrenhayes) May 30, 2018
OK, let's recap:
Donald Trump is president.
Kim Kardashian is heading to the White House to discuss policy.
A Russian journalist dead yesterday turns up at a presser today.
North Korea won't give up nukes but will open a burger chain as consolation.
The day isn't half over. — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) May 30, 2018
Kim Kardashian is speaking politics in the White House with Donald Trump. We have reached the end. 🤦🏾‍♂️ pic.twitter.com/HELzkGCn3v — Saun Jones (@KeSaunJ) May 30, 2018
It's really nice of Kim to check up on Melania. https://t.co/Idm0s5z8zG — Alex Anastassiou (@alexanasta_) May 30, 2018
from les deux to the oval office, a lot changes in a decade! pic.twitter.com/E4oGwByvwM — popculturediedin2009 (@pcd2009) May 30, 2018
please stop tweeting that photo — Calvin (@calvinstowell) May 30, 2018
Kardashian is one of the very few celebrities who have visited the White House since Trump took office in 2016. They were seen posing for photos in front of the West Wing before entering the room.
In an interview with the website Mic, Kardashian said they had been incredibly moved by Johnson's story, after seeing a video by the news outlet on Twitter.
Kim Kardashian, center, arrives with their attorney Shawn Chapman Holley at the security entrance of the White House. Photo / AP
They reached out to their longtime personal lawyer, Shawn Holley, to ask them to look at the case and is paying for a new legal team for Johnson.
Just last week, the president granted a rare posthumous pardon to boxing's first black heavyweight champion, clearing Jack Johnson's name more than 100 years after what many saw as their racially charged conviction.
The pardon had been championed by actor Sylvester Stallone, who called Trump personally to discuss the case.
WHO IS ALICE MARIE JOHNSON?
Alice Marie Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a Memphis- based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people. The 1994 indictment describes dozens of deliveries and drug transactions, many involving Johnson.
They were sentenced to life in prison in 1997, and appellate judges and the U.S. Supreme Court have rejected their appeals. Court records show they have a motion pending for a reduction in their sentence, but federal prosecutors are opposed, saying in a court filing that the sentence is in accord with federal guidelines, based on the large quantity of drugs involved.
Alice Marie Johnson. Photo / Change.org
A criminal justice advocacy site, CAN-DO, and one of Johnson's attorneys say a request for clemency was rejected by former President Barack Obama. The reasons are unclear.
A 1997 Associated Press story on Johnson's sentencing said they headed up a multimillion-dollar drug ring. But Memphis attorney Michael Scholl, who filed the latest court documents in their request for a sentence reduction, said they were not a leader in the cocaine operation.
"What is the purpose of putting a lady with no prior criminal record, on a nonviolent drug offense, in jail for their entire life?" they said in a telephone interview. "She's a model inmate." Scholl added that Johnson has admitted their wrongdoing, which is borne out in letters they have written to U.S. District Judge Samuel H. Mays, who now oversees their case.
"Judge Mays I'm writing to you to express my deep remorse for the crime that I committed over 20 years ago. I made some bad choices which have not only affected my life, but have impacted my entire family," they said in a February 2017 letter in the court record.
- with Wires
BERLIN (AP) — Germany's Siemens says it has signed contracts worth some 700 million euros ($824 million) to build two gas-powered electricity plants in Libya.
The Munich-based industrial conglomerate said Monday that the plants will be built in Misrata and Tripoli and that the value of the contracts with the state-owned General Electricity Company of Libya includes long-term service agreements.
It said the deal will expand Libya's power generation capacity by about 1.3 gigawatts, but didn't specify in a statement when the new plants will start operation.
The deal comes weeks after Siemens AG announced plans to cut about 6,900 jobs worldwide at its power, gas and drives divisions, half of them in Germany. It pointed to a sharp decline in earnings amid increasing pressure from renewable energy sources.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Toshiba Corp. is seen at the company's facility in Kawasaki, Japan February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Issei Kato/File Photo
NEW YORK Westinghouse Electric Co's financial distress sparked a feeding frenzy among Wall Street lenders keen to give the nuclear developer a lifeline while it reorganizes in bankruptcy, according to court papers and people familiar with the matter.
Westinghouse, the nuclear arm of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Wednesday after facing billions of dollars in cost overruns at power plants under construction in Georgia and South Carolina.
It has a proposal in hand for $800 million in bankruptcy financing from the credit arm of Apollo Global Management, which must be approved by a bankruptcy judge.
The private equity firm won the high-profile deal after Westinghouse said it was "inundated" with offers from investment banks, private equity houses and hedge funds for the financing, a so-called "debtor-in-possession" (DIP) loan, Westinghouse's turnaround adviser said in court papers.
"It's a coveted corner of the market," said David Tawil, president of Maglan Capital, a distressed-focused hedge fund. "People like DIPs a lot; there's not a lot of opportunity."
With lenders starved for yield, there are few opportunities to park nearly $1 billion and earn about 10 percent, the "all-in" interest rate on the loan, according to a person familiar with the matter.
Lenders were drawn to Westinghouse to provide the DIP because of the size of its funding needs, and because, unlike most companies facing bankruptcy with too much debt, it had no other loans or bonds already backed by its collateral.
"(That's) extremely rare, when you have no secured debt on a company," Tawil said.
Westinghouse also has a profitable nuclear services and maintenance business separate from its troubled power plant construction division that was highly attractive to lenders.
The company received 14 proposals for the financing, according to court papers.
Investment bank Goldman Sachs Group Inc and affiliates of hedge fund Highbridge Capital Management and private equity firm Silver Point Capital went as far as to file a letter with the bankruptcy court late Wednesday saying they could provide a "much more favorable financing" package than Apollo's. But then they withdrew it, offering no explanation.
Goldman and Apollo declined to comment. Westinghouse did not immediately return a request for comment.
The jockeying among the lenders to provide the financing underscores the scarcity of these deals across the restructuring sector.
There were 12 DIP loans totaling $7.47 billion in 2016, the highest in quantity and count since the depths of the financial crisis in 2009, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data, an increase likely driven by the oil and gas crash. In 2009, there were 37 such loans totaling $14.6 billion.
Pre-existing lenders to companies often also fund the DIP as a way to protect their initial investment, leaving little room for outsiders like Apollo, Silver Point or Highbridge.
Last year when U.S. solar company SunEdison Inc filed for bankruptcy, existing lenders provided $300 million in DIP financing.
But Westinghouse's biggest creditors are its parent company Toshiba and the U.S. utilities that own the half-finished nuclear reactors. It has no other debt from third parties, except an undrawn bank credit line, the company's investment banker said in court papers.
(Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
March 31 Halex Holdings Bhd
* Shareholding of offeror in halex has increased from 48.3 million halex shares to 53.1 million halex shares
* received notice from kenanga ib, on behalf of offeror, informing that dosh transferred their entire shareholding in halex to offeror at 0.64 rgt per halex share Source (bit.ly/2mV3ZSN) Further company coverage:
The sign of a CarMax dealership is pictured in Duarte, California March 28, 2014. CarMax, the largest U.S. used car retailer, is expected to report strong fourth-quarter results on April 4. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
CarMax Inc (KMX.N), the No.1 U.S. used-car dealer, reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by higher vehicle sales.
The company's shares were up 2.3 percent at $58.00 in premarket trading on Thursday.
CarMax said its comparable unit sales growth at used-car stores open for at least a year rose 8.7 percent in the fourth quarter ended Feb. 28.
Total used car sales rose 13.4 percent to 176,017 units in the quarter. However, average selling prices for used vehicles fell 1.6 percent to $19,435.
Net earnings rose to $152.6 million, or 81 cents per share, in the quarter, from $141.0 million, or 71 cents per share, a year earlier.
Net sales and operating revenue rose to $4.05 billion from $3.71 billion.
Analysts on average had expected a profit of 79 cents per share and revenue of $3.93 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
April 6 Autobio Diagnostics Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.65 yuan(before tax)/share for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 12
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 13 and the dividend will be paid on April 13
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/VMv6Ym
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO - The logo of German sports goods firm Puma is seen on a shoe after the company's annual news conference in Herzogenaurach February 20, 2014. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
BERLIN Puma (PUMG.DE) has agreed a long-term deal to return to sponsoring erstwhile German soccer champions Borussia Monchengladbach as it seeks to rebuild its credentials as a sports brand.
Puma said in a statement that it would start sponsoring Monchengladbach from July 1, 2018, taking over from Italian brand Kappa which has supplied the team since 2013. It previously was the team's official supplier from 1976 to 1992.
Puma could pay up to 100 million euros ($106.60 million) over 10 years for the deal, Germany's Express newspaper reported in January. A spokesperson declined to give financial details.
After sales slid when its focus shifted to fashion, the German firm has been seeking to restore its reputation in performance sportswear by striking pricey sponsorship deals, most notably with English soccer side Arsenal from 2014.
Puma last week also signed a long-term deal with French soccer team Olympique de Marseille from July 1, 2018.
Puma also sponsors a number of other major sides including Germany's Borussia Dortmund and English champions Leicester City.
Puma expects currency-adjusted net sales to increase at a high single-digit percentage rate in 2017 after a rise of 10 percent in 2016, and earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) of 170 million to 190 million euros, up from 128 million in 2016.
(Reporting by Emma Thomasson, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Ellen Degeneres has a new line of pet products available at PetSmart. They say there are two things they love, and that's making money and pets.
One of the best luxury hotels in Mahabaleshwar, The Grand Legacy is known for modern amenities and luxurious services proffered to customers. The luxury resort in Mahabaleshwar has already gained 5-star ratings on various travel review websites.
The Grand Legacy
Contact
The Grand Legacy
***@thegrandlegacy.net The Grand Legacy
End
-- One of the best luxury hotels in Mahabaleshwar, The Grand Legacy is known for it's modern amenities and luxurious services proffered to customers. The luxury resort in Mahabaleshwar has already gained 5-star ratings on various travel review websites.Mumbai, 18April 2017: Mumbai Tourism has acknowledged The Grand Legacy Hotel for their outstanding customer service and remarkable contribution to the tourism industry. The Grand Legacy is known as best luxury resorts in mahabaleshwar. The acknowledgement is a badge of honour for the resort that represents their exceptionally good hospitality, courteous service and luxurious amenities offered to the people visiting Mahabaleshwar.This recognition is bestowed to celebrate the exceptional customer service and for maintaining the best hygienic levels of the food served. This kind of service is exceptionally remarkable in promoting Maharashtra as the best tourist establishment in the country as well as in the world.The Grand Legacy,is located at a place convenient to tourists and visitors. It is a mere 10 minute ride of public or private transport from the bus stop. Tourists who have visited the place are in all praise for the resort. Their remarks on various travel rating sites say it all. Mr. Mahendra Pratap from Karnal who visited Mahabaleshwar on a family trip was amazed with the resilience of the hotel staff. They say, "It's (The hotel) is a luxury in a paradise! I never expected any hotel or resort to be this good! It is definitely one of the best luxury resorts I have visited in awhile. Away from the cacophony of concrete jungles, strenuous daily lives and mounting stress, this deluxe resort is surrounded by natural beauty from all sides. This was the trip of my life and I will definitely plan my next trip soon!"Infact, India's leading travel review website Trip Advisor has also given great ratings to The Grand Legacy, especially for their excellent customer services and for providing luxurious stay at great prices. Many other travel magazines in the past have also applauded it as the best luxury resort. The highlights have always been the rejuvenating spa and also the seasonal treats they offer to their customers.On receiving the acknowledgement, a senior official expressed the delight through this statement," These acknowledgements are very precious for our hotel. For our team, this is an encouragement to work harder, to dedicate all of our efforts to anticipate every customer's needs. We will now work even harder to create exceptional tourism experiences, so that Maharashtra can shine brighter than people's favorite holiday spot.Mahabaleshwar is a scenic hill station, with picturesque sights nestled in the forested Western Ghats range, in south of Mumbai. The place is popular nationwide for spellbinding viewpoints which includes Arthur's Seat, old Pratapgad Fort, Lingmala Waterfall, Venna Lake and Panch Ganga Temple.If you want to know more about The Grand Legacy, then you can visit their website -http://www.thegrandlegacy.net/For expert reviews and to know more about the customer experience, you can visit the website of The Grand Legacy -Panchgani-Mahabaleshwar Road,Post. Met-Gutad, Behind Saj ResortMahabaleshwar, Maharashtra 412806CALL US: +91 8552 8378 88+91 02168-272188/388info@thegrandlegacy.net
WASHINGTON, April 20 The current draft of a reform of Brazil's pension system would generate savings of about 76 percent of the original plan, Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said on Thursday.
President Michel Temer's administration has agreed to dilute the terms of the reform in order to secure its approval in Congress, raising concerns among economists that the government will need to enact further austerity measures in coming years. (Reporting by Alexandra Alper; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
MILAN, April 6 Europe's real estate stocks index rose to a six- month high while banks fell on Thursday after remarks from European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi poured cold water on expectations of tightening measures.
Both Draghi and chief economist Peter Praet said the ECB would stick to its policy plan including bond buying and record-low rates for some time to come as it is not yet convinced the euro zone economy is back to rude health.
"Real estate is recovering from worries that rates could start a phase of strong increases. Prospects that the central bank will remain cautious make the sector attractive," said Giuseppe Sersale, fund manager at Anthilia Capital in Milan.
Higher interest rates make stable yields offered by real estate firms less attractive. On the other hand, stocks in European banks, whose margins are boosted when rates rise, were under pressure, with the sectoral index down 0.7 percent. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
April 20 Blackstone Group LP, the world's largest manager of assets such as private equity and real estate, reported a 165 percent rise in first-quarter earnings on Thursday, as the value of its holdings soared and it cashed out on some of them.
Blackstone said economic net income (ENI) per share, a metric of its profitability which takes into account the mark-to-market valuation of its portfolio, came in at 82 cents versus 31 cents in the first quarter of 2016.
This surpassed the expectations of most research analysts, whose forecasts in a Thomson Reuters poll averaged 68 cents per share.
Distributable earnings, which show actual cash that is available to pay dividends, rose in the first quarter by 212 percent to $1.23 billion.
Total assets under management were $368.2 billion as of the end of March, up 7 percent year-on-year. Fee-earning assets under management rose 15 percent to $280.2 billion.
Blackstone declared a quarterly distribution of 87 cents per common unit. (Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
STOCKHOLM With their family of cats celebrating Christmas, bears arm-in-arm and even a crocodile in a sailor suit, German illustrator Wolf Erlbruch on Tuesday won the Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award for literature aimed at children and young adults.
Erlbruch, who has written some ten books and illustrated almost fifty, scooped the prize for making "existential questions accessible and manageable for readers of all ages" over their 30 year career, organizers said.
"I'm still in shock and will be for some time. But it's wonderful," said Erlbruch.  They are best known for illustrating "The Story of the Little Mole Who Knew It Was None of Their Business" - a book about an angry mole searching for whoever pooped on their head.
The Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award was established by the Swedish government to honor the writer best known for their Pippi Longstocking books.
The annual award is worth 5 million Swedish crowns ($554,000), with previous winners including British author Philip Pullman and Americans Maurice Sendak and Meg Rosoff.
Erlbruch, who has already been won the Hans Christian Andersen Award and the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis, will receive their latest honor at a royal ceremony at the Concert Hall in Stockholm on May 29.
(Reporting by Ilze Filks; Writing by Marine Hass; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen's central bank has complained to its allies in a Saudi-led military coalition about a lack of cash deliveries needed to pay salaries, in a sign of the government's struggle to keep the war-torn country's economy afloat.
There are two opposing central banks in Yemen - an internationally recognised one in the southern city of Aden and another in the capital Sanaa in territory run by the government's foes in the armed Houthi movement.
Both suffer from depleted reserves but play a key role in mitigating widespread famine and disease, after two years of fighting, by paying some public sector salaries.
But the Aden bank said in a statement late on Saturday that the Saudi-led coalition had not given landing permits for air shipments of cash 13 times for unknown reasons - in a rare airing of a grievance by the government to its main backer.
"The (bank) faces extreme difficulties ... because of the hindrance in delivering these funds by air to Aden airport by the coalition for unknown reasons," the bank said.
"This creates dangerous strangulation for the Yemeni economy in providing liquidity for the crisis," it added. It did not say which currency the deliveries would be.
Saudi Arabia and its mostly Gulf Arab allies control Yemen's airspace, a measure they say aims to prevent Iran delivering arms shipments to the Houthis - a charge the Houthis deny.
A spokesperson for the coalition did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.
Forces loyal to President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi wrested Aden and several southern provinces from the Houthis in the summer of 2015 but have struggled to impose stability and the government still operates mostly from exile in the Saudi capital Riyadh.
Militants and gunmen continue to operate in many southern areas, and banks in Aden closed for three days in protest last month after a spate of armed robberies.
FILE PHOTO: A Tesla model S car with an electric vehicle charging station is displayed during a media preview day at the Frankfurt Motor Show (IAA) September 10, 2013. The world's biggest auto show is open to the public September 14 -22. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
FRANKFURT Tesla executive Klaus Grohmann was ousted last month after a clash with Chief Executive Elon Musk over the strategy of Grohmann's firm, which Tesla had acquired in November, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.
The Silicon Valley luxury electric carmaker is counting on Grohmann Engineering's automation and engineering expertise to help it ramp up production to 500,000 cars per year by 2018.
At the time of the purchase, it described Klaus Grohmann and the company they founded as a "world leader in highly automated manufacturing".
Tesla planned to keep Grohmann on, and Grohmann wanted to stay, but the clash with Musk over how to treat existing clients resulted in their departure, the source said.
Grohmann disagreed with Musk's demands to focus management attention on Tesla projects to the detriment of Grohmann Engineering's legacy clients, which included Tesla's direct German-based rivals Daimler and BMW, two sources familiar with the matter said.
Reached by phone, Klaus Grohmann declined to comment on the circumstances of their leaving, citing confidentiality clauses.
"I definitely did not depart because I had lost interest in working," Grohmann said, without elaborating.
A Tesla spokesperson, asked about Grohmann's departure, praised them for building an "incredible company" and said:
"Part of Mr Grohmann's decision to work with Tesla was to prepare for their retirement and leave the company in capable hands for the future. Given the change in focus to Tesla projects, we mutually decided that it was the right time for the next generation of management to lead."
Two sources familiar with the matter said Tesla's plans to ramp up production with the help of the company now renamed Tesla Grohmann Automation remain on track.
The management layer below Klaus Grohmann is continuing their work, they told Reuters. But they said parts of the workforce felt insecure about becoming so dependent on one client after the founder's departure.
Last year, Tesla had said: "Under the continued leadership of Mr Grohmann, several critical elements of Tesla's automated manufacturing systems will be designed and produced in Pruem, to help make our factories the most advanced in the world."
"Our factories are so important that we believe they will ultimately deserve an order of magnitude more attention in engineering than what they produce. At very high production volumes, the factory becomes more of a product than the product itself," Tesla said at the time.
Tesla started out as a client of Grohmann Engineering, a small unlisted company based in Pruem, near the Luxembourg border, that helped companies design highly automated factories, a source familiar with the company told Reuters.
As pressure grew to increase production volumes at Tesla, Musk decided to buy Grohmann Engineering and make Pruem a base for Tesla Advanced Automation.
As well as BMW and Daimler, Grohmann counted the auto parts maker Bosch [ROBG.UL], chipmaker Intel, and pharmaceutical firms Abbott Laboratories and Roche among its clients.
Negotiations have started with some of the clients about how to compensate them for lack of resources devoted to their projects, one of the sources said.
The German labor union IG Metall has demanded that Tesla's management formalize multi-year job guarantees and increase salaries as a way to provide assurance amid management turmoil.
(Reporting by Edward Taylor; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
April 5 Time Publishing And Media Co Ltd
* Says it revises asset acquisition plan, to buy game developer Mingtong Tech for 1.5 billion yuan ($217.55 million) via share issue
* Says it cuts share issue size to 340 million yuan from 975 million yuan previously
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2o1RZOo
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8950 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
TGP_Garden Art
Contact
Becca Massat
***@thegrowingplace.com Becca Massat
End
-- The Growing Place's annual Gardener's Art Fest features 30+ local artists, live music, and garden talks. Special guests: Pinot's Palette and Pete Ellman Big Band.Saturday, June 24, 2017, 9am-5pmThe Growing Place Garden Center, Naperville—25w471 Plank Rd. Naperville, IL 60563Two blocks south of Ogden Ave/Rte 34 and 2 blocks east of Naper Blvd.Visit thegrowingplace.com/calendar for the full schedule.Browse 30+ local artistsCreate your own work of art with Pinot's Palette ($38)Containers as Art in the Garden Talk—Our Container Gardener Artist will show you a beautiful arrangement of container gardens that brighten up any garden. Stop by between 11am and 12pm to view creative ways to use container gardens, and pick up suggested plant combinations.Art in the Herb Garden Talk—Gardener Artist and Cook, Joannie Rocchi, adds herbs to our sunny gardens that not only taste good but look good too! Stop by between 12 and 1pm to talk with Joannie, pick up a handout of herb and perennial combinations as well as recipes for using the herbs.Indoor Art in the Garden—Gardener Artist, Joannie Rocchi, will teach you terrarium basics for success and spark your imagination with endless possibilities. Stop in between 1 and 2pm for terrarium tips, ideas, and plant suggestions.Pete Ellman Big Band————————About The Growing Place Garden CenterWith two locations, one on Plank Road in Naperville and the other on Montgomery Road in Aurora, IL the family-owned, independent garden center serves customers from local communities. In 1936, Emma and Fritz Glatzhofer opened Emma's Perennials, specializing in field-grown perennials, at the current Naperville location on Plank Road. In 1973, their nephew, Rich Massat, and their wife, Carol, took the reins and expanded the nursery. They changed the name in 1976 to The Growing Place and committed to delivering uncompromising quality, selection, and customer care. The Aurora production farm and retail garden center were opened in 1989. Both locations feature beautiful display gardens, called Learning Gardens, with nearly 1,000 varieties and user-friendly signage to educate and help spark imaginations. To learn more, visit the website at thegrowingplace.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Another hot topic of office debate is whether you should add milk to your scrambled eggs.
The answer, as shown by a recent Buzzfeed poll on the subject, revealed that there might not be much of a debate. Over 60% of home cooks said that the white liquid was part of their usual recipe.
Chefs have now shocked us by revealing that milk doesn't make our eggs fluffier - it's culinary sin in fact!
Dan Joines, who runs several award-winning restaurants in London, says: "Never add milk to your scrambled eggs – it dilutes the flavour and makes them more likely to turn out rubbery.
"It's always butter for me. Make sure your butter is golden, but not brown, before you put your eggs in. Keep stirring on a medium to low heat.
"Keep them moving and folding with a spatula until slightly runny, but bound together."
And Luke Selby, senior sous chef at the Michelin-starred Dabbous restaurant in London, adds: "Putting milk in your scrambled eggs is a cardinal sin!
"It just makes them too wet, like school dinners."
Not so appetising
Food writer Rachel Phipps said: "While putting milk in your scrambled eggs may make them go a little further, they become pretty flavourless, and take on the sort of colour you'd expect from a mass catering facility."
Like most cooking, there's a science behind technique. Basically, adding liquid to eggs is ultimately unnecessary. It probably came about when everyone suddenly became scared of butter and fat. But milk dilutes the flavour and can cause the mixture to separate during cooking.
It also means it's far easier to overcook the eggs – you're either left with a floppy, soggy mess, or that bitty, white scrambled thing you might associate with well-known hotel chains. The ones with the urns of orange juice and incredible hash browns.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Ken Hom cooking lesson Share this video Watch Next
Should you add anything to eggs?
While milk is a big no-no, some chefs like to add cream or crème fraîche to their scrambled eggs.
Gordon Ramsay is one example, as is Delia Smith, who follows the legendary French chef Auguste Escoffier in their recipe.
Laoise Casey, a food writer and chef from Ireland, says butter is the key to beautiful eggs. But they have another trick up their sleeve.
"While I'm not a fan of milk, milk powder is a whole different thing.
"I learnt this tip from one of the chefs, Eloise, I work with at [restaurant] Paradise Garage.
"Whisk in a teaspoon of milk powder with the eggs and the result is a wonderful almost cheese-like scramble. In fact, milk powder can enhance a lot of dishes...from ice cream to pastry and butterscotch sauce."
Revelatory indeed.
April 20 Great Plains Energy Inc
* Westar Energy - on June 28, 2016, co & great plains energy filed joint application with Kansas Corporation Commission requesting approval of merger
* Westar Energy Inc says on April 19, 2017, Kansas Corporation Commission rejected merger application filed by co and Great Plains Energy
* Westar Energy Inc says "is evaluating written order" - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2opDj9j) Further company coverage:
SINGAPORE, April 28 Singapore's total bank lending rose 6.33 percent in March from a year earlier, on the back of increased lending to general commerce and professional and private individuals, central bank data showed on Friday.
Loans and advances by domestic banking units in the city-state amounted to S$627.9 ($449.91) last month, rising from S$627.4 billion in February.
Loans and advances in Asian currency units (ACU) rose 0.3 percent to S$542.9 billion in March, from S$541.3 billion in February.
The ACU market refers to loans denominated in currencies other than the Singapore dollar. ($1=1.3956 Singapore dollars) (Reporting by Fathin Ungku; Editing by)
PARIS Far-left French presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon is one percentage point off former frontrunner Francois Fillon in polls ahead of the first-round vote, a poll showed on Friday, suggesting the conservatives risk being relegated to fourth place on April 23.
The Odoxa survey of more than 1,000 people carried out on March 29 and 30 sees centrist Emmanuel Macron winning 26 percent of the vote ahead of far-right leader Marine Le Pen on 25 percent, with Fillon on 17 percent but closely trailed by Melenchon on 16 percent.
While Macron was predicted to go on to beat Le Pen comfortably in the second-round run-off with 59 percent of the vote against 41 percent for Le Pen, the former economy minister has lost 5 percentage points to their rival since the equivalent survey on March 19.
However, the poll is the first to suggest a dynamic in which France's two-party system that has been in place for 30 years alternating between the Conservatives and the Socialist party could be swept aside.
According to the survey, hardline left-wing Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon, who has seen their party implode over the last week, is now down to 8 percent of voting intentions in fifth place.
(Reporting by John Irish; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
MADRID French soccer legend Zinedine Zidane on Friday warned against voting for Marine Le Pen's National Front in the run-off in France's presidential election on May 7, repeating their 2002 stand against the far-right party.
"It is the same as in 2002, that I am far away from those ideas, from the National Front, and that we have to avoid it as much as we can," said Zidane, who is frequently voted one of France's most influential personalities and widely regarded as one the greatest players in the history of the game.
Zidane, coach of the Spanish soccer team Real Madrid, spoke after a team training session. They were born in Marseille in southeastern France and is of Algerian descent.
Le Pen trailed centrist Emmanuel Macron at 39 percent of the vote against their 61 percent in a Harris Interactive poll for parliamentary TV channel LCP showed on Thursday.
Several mainstream political figures in France have directly called on voters to back Macron after their candidates failed to reach the runoff. Like Zidane, others have not endorsed them explicitly but urged voters not to back Le Pen.
(Reporting by Guillermo Martinez; Writing by Paul Day; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
April 12 ClubCorp Holdings Inc -
* ClubCorp CEO Eric Affeldt to retire
* Eric Affeldt intends to retire from their role as chief executive officer upon appointment of their successor
* Board has identified an internal candidate, will engage executive search firm to identify external candidates
* As part of its regular CEO succession planning process, board has identified internal candidate Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Noozhawk reader shares their pain and sorrow, spurred by a loved one's addiction to methamphetamines
[Noozhawk's note: This poem was shared by a reader in response to Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. The author's full name has been withheld.]
Who is this Liquid Lady, who has stolen your heart from me?
The one who crept in slowly, then with a fury ran away with thee.
Are they the one who steadily holds a torch to light your path?
Or do they hang among the shadows just to deaden your daily wrath?
Will they be there for you, when discouragement binds your all?
Will they be there to catch you when, in time, you crash and fall?
Have they been there at every turn, to support your every deed?
Have they wept tears of sorrow, when “Cold Distance” was your creed?
Are they the one who held your soul in those letters from your cell?
And, is they the “precious” “sweetheart” you ache to give your name as well?
Are they the one who smiles to bring sunshine to your days?
Are they the one who props you up when your spirit's in a haze?
Will they be there at your request, to help your family and your friends?
Will they be there beside you when it's time to make amends?
Oh — what a sweet elixir, this Liquid Lady does behold,
Like Snow White's polished apple — poison wrapped in liquid gold.
Can they bring to you the comfort of 10 fingers filled with love,
Moving ever gently like the feathers of a dove?
Can they whisper words of comfort to steady your anxious hand?
Can they throw a line of rescue when you feel buried in quicksand?
Do they possess the patience of a soldier standing guard,
With eyes steadfastly focused, never straying from their ward?
She's like the whaling sirens — to many a shipwreck claimed,
Them venomous bite lies dormant, until its strike does hurt and maim.
This is all such a sad, sad mystery to my heart; I can't console;
This Liquid Lady who fills you up and ever holds control.
Them grip is made of steel as they cast your heart in ice,
Stripping your emotions lest you wander from their vice.
Maybe once, on my lucky day, they will give me a little look,
Into the heart of that special man who was once my open book.
So I'll stand aside for now, and let them run their course,
Praying every moment that you'll ask them for a divorce.
My single wish this morning is that this Lady will fly away,
Before they take you with them — on — their dying day.
— By Paula, March 2002
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Paula is a Santa Barbara resident and Noozhawk reader who was inspired to share their poem in response to our Prescription for Abuse series. Having experienced substance abuse within their own family and circle of friends, the poem depicts their view of a relationship they once had with a man who became addicted to methamphetamines, which ruined not only their life but brought them to a low they never wishes to experience again.
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
SHANGHAI China's foreign exchange market is relatively stable and cross-border capital movement is "gradually becoming balanced", state news agency Xinhua quoted the head of the country's foreign exchange regulator as saying.
Pan Gongsheng, head of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said China's foreign exchange management would "basically focus on reform and opening-up to facilitate cross-border trade and investment, and at the same time prevent risks from cross-border capital flows".
Xinhua said Pan made the remarks on Wednesday to representatives of foreign investors, noting that cross-border payments would be "steady" in the future.
(Reporting by John Ruwitch; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge jokes with children from Vauxhall primary school after they attempted to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge jokes with children from Vauxhall primary school after they attempted to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge jokes with children from Vauxhall primary school after they attempted to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge helps children from Vauxhall primary school as they attempt to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge listens to children's author Michael Morpurgo read one of their stories during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge listens to children's author Michael Morpurgo read one of their stories during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge helps children from Vauxhall primary school in London plant onions in their vegetable patch during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge jokes with children from Vauxhall primary school after they attempted to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge helps children from Vauxhall primary school as they attempt to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge helps children from Vauxhall primary school as they attempt to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge helps children from Vauxhall primary school as they attempt to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
Britain's Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge jokes with children from Vauxhall primary school after they attempted to herd a pig into a pen during a visit to a 'Farms for Children' farm in Gloucestershire, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Richard Pohle/Pool
LONDON Britain's Duchess of Cambridge joined schoolchildren at a farm in western England on Wednesday as they learned about rural life and how food is produced.
Catherine, wife of second-in-line to the throne Prince William, watched pupils tending to pigs, sheep and chickens as part of a week-long education programme.
The "Farms for City Children" charity runs the courses in which kids from urban areas live and work on farms with their teachers for a week."It is an intense, 'learning through doing' experience of a different life for children who may not know where their food comes from and have limited opportunities to explore the outside world," Catherine's Kensington Palace office said.
The charity has three farms, with 3,200 children and 400 teachers visiting per year, the palace added. Catherine was joined at Wick Court Farm in the Gloucestershire village of Arlingham by children's author Michael Morpurgo, who founded the charity with their wife Clare in 1976.
The visit came the day after the second birthday of the Cambridges' daughter Princess Charlotte and as the royal pair are seeking damages in a French court over the publication in celebrity magazine Closer of topless pictures of the duchess in 2012.
(Reporting by Emily Roe; Editing by Stephen Addison)
The Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, as pictured in February 2011, is one of hundreds of sites that accept the American the Beautiful - National Parks & Federal Recreational Lands Senior Pass. The price of the lifetime pass jumps from $10 to $80 on Aug. 28. Steve Bloom The Olympian
Singapore PM's brother says they fear authorities may stop them from leaving
SINGAPORE, June 15 Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's younger brother said on Thursday they fear the nation's authorities may stop them from leaving the country or take other action against them after they made a series of accusations against Lee.
April 10 Tata Motors Ltd:
* Tata Motors group global wholesales in March 2017, including Jaguar Land Rover, were at 129,951 nos., higher by 9% over March 2016
* Global wholesales of all Tata Motors' commercial vehicles and Tata Daewoo range in March 2017 was lower by 6% at 42,596 nos.
* Says March global wholesales for Jaguar Land Rover were 71,609 vehicles
* Global wholesales of all passenger vehicles in March 2017 were at 87,355 nos., higher by 19%, compared to March 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
An Abbott company logo is pictured at the reception of its office in Mumbai, India, September 8, 2015. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued a warning letter to Abbott Laboratories, citing manufacturing flaws with a range of cardiovascular devices acquired with its purchase of St. Jude Medical in January for $25 billion.
The letter, dated April 12 and made public on Thursday, sent Abbott's shares down 2 percent to $42.61.
The FDA, which said the company failed to disclose at least one death associated with one of the devices, said an inspection of the company's facility in Sylmar, California, raised questions about the safety of several implantable defibrillators and its Merlin@home monitor, which allows doctors to care remotely for patients with cardiac devices.
The FDA investigation showed that lithium batteries in the devices were draining prematurely and that the company had "underestimated the occurrence of the hazardous situation."
Abbott said in a statement it has a "strong history and commitment to product safety and quality." It said the FDA's inspection took place in February and that Abbott responded on March 13 describing corrective actions it was taking.
"We take these matters seriously, continue to make progress on our corrective actions, will closely review FDA's warning letter, and are committed to fully addressing FDA's concerns," the company said.
The FDA said Abbott had provided implementation dates for several corrective actions but failed to provide evidence that the actions had actually been implemented.
Analysts said the FDA may now delay approval of new devices that can be used inside an MRI machine that the company had expected to see approved by the end of the year.
That could help rivals Medtronic Plc, which has such devices on the market and Boston Scientific Corp which expects to launch similar devices in the fourth quarter.
"These two companies stand to benefit in the event Abbott's approvals are delayed," Glenn Novarro, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, said in a research note.
The affected devices, known as implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs) and Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy Defibrillators (CRT-Ds) help pace slow heart rhythms and slow dangerously fast rhythms.
In October St. Jude said it would recall certain models due to reports of battery failure caused by deposits of lithium forming within the battery and causing a short circuit.
In its letter, the FDA said the company repeatedly concluded that the cause of premature depletion "could not be determined" even though the company's supplier had provided evidence that it was due to lithium deposits, known as lithium cluster bridging.
(Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by Bernard Orr and James Dalgleish)
(Adds details, background)
May 2 U.S. oil and gas producer Noble Energy Inc said on Tuesday it would sell all its natural gas production assets in the Marcellus shale field for $1.23 billion, as it shifts focus to liquids-rich, higher-margin assets.
The company said its interest in CONE Midstream Partners LP , which owns natural gas pipelines, was not part of the deal.
Noble did not name the buyer.
Oil and gas companies have been pushing into oil-rich basins such as the Permian in West Texas, in a bid to increase exposure to the low-cost drilling, following a more than two year slump in oil prices.
Earlier this year, Noble bought smaller rival Clayton Williams Energy Inc for about $2.7 billion to enhance its presence in the Permian.
The Marcellus deal comprises an upfront cash payment of $1.13 billion and $100 million more contingent on natural gas prices.
Noble said proceeds from the deal will be used to pay down debt it had incurred to buy Clayton Williams.
The company expects to close the deal by the end of the second quarter.
BofA Merrill Lynch was Noble's financial adviser while Porter & Hedges provided legal counsel. (Reporting by Sayantani Ghosh in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
(Adds company news, futures)
April 20 Britain's blue chip FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 0.16 percent at 7103 points on Thursday, according to financial spreadbetters, with futures down 0.1 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* ACACIA: Acacia Mining reported a 15 percent rise in its first-quarter gold production on Thursday but said sales undershot due to a ban on gold and copper exports by Tanzania.
* DEBENHAMS: Debenhams, Britain's second-largest department store group, on Thursday detailed a plan to return to growth by becoming more of a destination for shoppers that is differentiated from rivals and has an enhanced digital offer.
* SKY: European pay-TV group Sky said the number of customers deserting the service in its key home market had remained steady in the third quarter, helping it to reiterate its targets for the full year.
* UNILEVER: Consumer goods maker Unilever, reported better than expected first-quarter sales on Thursday, helped by pricing growth.
* EVRAZ: Russia's Evraz, one of the country's largest steelmakers, said on Thursday its first-quarter crude steel output rose 8.7 percent quarter-on-quarter to 3.7 million tonnes.
* IHG: Global hotel chain InterContinental Hotels Group Plc said 1,200 of its franchised hotels in the United States, including Holiday Inn and Crowne Plaza, were victims of a three-month cyberattack that sought to steal customer payment card data.
* RIO TINTO: Global miner Rio Tinto, on Thursday said first-quarter iron production from Australia fell 3 percent from the same period a year ago due to wet weather at its mines, but kept its full-year guidance intact despite weakening ore prices.
* OIL: Oil prices regained some ground on Thursday after steep losses the previous day, with a slight drop in U.S. crude inventories stoking hopes that a push to rein in global oversupply could be gathering at least some momentum.
* GOLD: Gold held firm on Thursday, after falling as much as 1 percent the previous day, as tensions surrounding North Korea and the upcoming French presidential election offered support to the safe-haven asset amid a firmer dollar. Spot gold was up 0.1 percent at $1,280 per ounce as of 0107 GMT.
* Copper: London copper rose on Thursday but was mired near its lowest for the year after China's refined production surged in March, underlining ample stocks in the world's biggest metals consumer. Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange rose by 0.7 percent to $5593 a tonne by 0126 GMT.
* EMA: The European Medicines Agency (EMA), Europe's equivalent of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, is preparing to leave its London headquarters in the wake of Brexit and its executive director is hoping for a quick decision on its new location. France offered the northern city of Lille as a candidate to host the European Union's drug regulator to replace London after Britain leaves the bloc, the government said on Wednesday.
* EX-DIVS: BAE Systems, Barratt Developments, Intu Properties, Mondi and Smurfit Kappa Group will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 3.1 points off the FTSE 100, according to Reuters calculations.
* Britain's top share index closed down 0.5 percent at 7,114.36 points as it came under pressure once again on Wednesday, giving up the gains it had made in 2017 as sterling held close to a six-and-a-half-month high after Prime Minister Theresa May called for a snap general election.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
LONDON British supermarket Sainsbury's (SBRY.L) warned a challenging market meant it could take up to five years to deliver sustainable profit growth, despite a robust performance from general retailer Argos which it bought last year.
Sainsbury's, which trails market leader Tesco (TSCO.L) in annual sales, reported a third straight fall in annual profit on Wednesday, hurt by price cuts and cost inflation, and confirmed analysts' forecasts for another decline in 2017-18.
Last year Sainsbury's expanded in areas such as electrical goods when it bought Argos-owner Home Retail for 1.1 billion pounds, which it said has gone well so far.
"Our job is to build a business for the future," said Chief Executive Mike Coupe, who outlined their strategy for the business two and a half years ago.
Shares in Sainsbury's were down 5 percent at 265.5 pence at 1034 GMT, valuing the business at 5.8 billion pounds and taking the year on year decline to nearly 7 percent.
"The UK grocery industry is one of the most challenging, if not the most challenging, in the world ... (but) we think over a three to five-year period we can deliver strong and steady profit growth," they told reporters.
Sainsbury's said Argos contributed a better than expected profit of 77 million pounds in the second half and would deliver a 160 million pounds boost to earnings six months early. It also said it would speed up a plan to open 250 Argos Digital stores in its supermarkets.
Sainsbury's made an underlying pretax profit of 581 million pounds in the year to March 11, down from 587 million pounds made the year before. The average forecast by analysts was 578 million pounds.
The result reflected intense price competition, driven by German discounters Aldi and Lidl, as well as cost inflation, offset by cost savings of 130 million pounds and the contribution from Argos.
Group sales rose 12.7 percent to 29.1 billion pounds, but Sainsbury's' own like-for-like sales fell 0.6 percent.
"Unlike its domestic rivals Tesco and Morrisons (MRW.L), like-for-like sales at Sainsbury' have remained stubbornly negative recently. Lower prices, weaker margins and a falling market share. Not a good combination," said George Salmon, equity analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown.
Morrisons and Tesco are both in turnaround mode after going through disastrous periods while Sainsbury's market share has remained broadly stable over the last five years.
Some analysts believe Sainsbury's is vulnerable to further price cuts by Tesco and a recovering Asda and the supermarket's Chief Financial Officer Kevin O'Byrne said they were comfortable with an average profit forecast of 573 million pounds for 2017-18, meaning a drop for yet another year.
Some analysts also say Argos increases Sainsbury's exposure to the threat of Amazon [AMZN.O] and to higher import costs at a time when pressure on discretionary purchases is building as inflation grows and wage growth is muted.
(Editing by Kate Holton and Alexander Smith)
Britain Soccer Football - Sunderland v West Ham United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 15/4/17 West Ham United's Robert Snodgrass in action with Sunderland's Javi Manquillo Action Images via Reuters / Ed Sykes Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Sunderland v West Ham United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 15/4/17 West Ham United's James Collins celebrates scoring their second goal with teammates Reuters / Scott Heppell Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Sunderland v West Ham United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 15/4/17 Sunderland's Billy Jones is stretchered off after sustaining an injury Reuters / Scott Heppell Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Sunderland v West Ham United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 15/4/17 West Ham United's James Collins scores their second goal Action Images via Reuters / Ed Sykes Livepic
Bottom club Sunderland ended their seven-match scoring drought but slipped closer to relegation after a 2-2 home draw with West Ham United on Saturday.
Wahbi Khazri equalised for Sunderland direct from a corner in the 29th minute as the hosts recovered from falling behind to Andre Ayew's fifth-minute opener for the visitors.
A seventh defeat in eight league games loomed for Sunderland when James Collins headed past Jordan Pickford immediately after the restart but there was some late joy for the hosts.
Former Liverpool player Fabio Borini had only just taken to the field to replace Billy Jones, who suffered a head injury, when they fired in a low shot past West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph.
West Ham, with 37 points, are virtually safe but Sunderland, with only two points from their last eight games, remain nine points short of safety with six games left.
Sunderland manager David Moyes said it had been a missed opportunity to close in on the teams above them.
"We need to win games and today we've got to take three points. It wasn't for the want of trying," they said.
"We'll keep believing we're in with a chance, somewhere along the line hope the football gods will shine on us."
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic said they had been disappointed with the concession of the late equaliser. "We have an unfinished job to do. We have to pick up more points to be safe," they added.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis and Ian Chadband)
MANILA, Aug 13 (Reuters) - The Philippine central bank on Sunday sought to soothe frayed nerves in the foreign exchange market after the peso hit an 11-year low, saying it was not in a freefall and assuring it would be on guard against excessive volatility.
"Let's calm down," Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) Governor Nestor Espenilla said in a statement, downplaying the peso's slump to 51.08 to the dollar on Friday, its weakest since August 2006.
Most emerging Asian currencies fell on Friday as investors dumped riskier assets amid a sharp escalation in tensions between the United States and North Korea.
"We don't expect it to do a freefall because our economic fundamentals now, unlike before, are solid and very strong. This is reflected in our investment grade (credit) rating," Espenilla said.
They said it was natural for the peso to show volatility as it adjusts to market conditions and all the "short-term uncertainties" such as heightened geopolitical tension.
The peso was "capable of correcting itself as the market calms down and digests the relevant information," they said.
Espenilla said the BSP could use its huge pile of foreign exchange reserves to play a stabilising role in the market.
"The BSP stands vigilant....We're on the right track," they said.
Espenilla also sought to downplay worries about the Philippines running a current-account deficit, which may widen to $1.6 billion in 2018, from an estimated $600 million shortfall this year, according to the central bank.
For the Philippines to sustain growth, they said it needs to catch up on high quality investments, especially infrastructure.
"It's natural for it to run moderate current account deficits. In fact, it's sub-optimal for it to be persistently running current account surpluses," they said.
"That's like the equivalent of deploying our own savings to the world instead of using those internally to finance our own investment needs."
A construction boom in the Philippines, fuelled by President Rodrigo Duterte's $180 billion "Build, Build, Build" infrastructure campaign, has contributed to the peso weakening amid a recent surge in capital goods imports, including excavators, road rollers and dump trucks.
With this trend expected to continue, the central bank last week said the peso was likely to "show continued depreciation."
Duterte has already approved the auction of 21 projects worth $16 billion, including the overhaul of Manila's shabby airport and a railway line on Mindanao island in the south.
On Sunday, the Department of Finance said the government has approved six new big-ticket projects worth a combined 57.5 billion pesos, including construction of bridges intended to ease traffic congestion in the capital Manila.
Despite a weaker dollar, the peso has now fallen 2.5 percent so far this year while most other Asian emerging currencies have racked up solid gains.
A Reuters poll last show showed investors likely retained bearish bets on the peso, though they may have trimmed them slightly in the last two weeks. In contrast, investors were optimistic other Asian currencies would see further gains. (Reporting by Enrico dela Cruz; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May leaves 10 Downing Street to travel to Buckingham Palace to visit Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved prior to the general election, in London May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party holds a 19-point lead over opposition Labour Party ahead of a national election on June 8, according to a YouGov poll for The Times.
The poll showed support for Conservatives at 48 percent, up four points from a YouGov poll conducted last week, Labour at 29 percent, down two points, Liberal Democrats at 10 percent and UKIP at 5 percent.
YouGov questioned 2,066 adults on May 2 and 3.
(Reporting by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
South Korean 10,000 won note is seen on U.S. 100 dollar notes in this picture illustration taken in Seoul, South Korea, December 15, 2015. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL South Korea is adopting a "wait and see" stance, government officials said on Friday, after U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters they would "renegotiate or terminate" a free trade pact between the two countries.
The won turned lower against the dollar soon after Trump's comments, trading down 0.2 percent at 1,132.5 to the dollar. South Korea's benchmark share index fell, wiping out earlier gains, to stand down 0.03 percent at 2,208.73 points by 0207 GMT.
"Talk and actual policy are different," a high-ranking official at the finance ministry, who declined to be named, as they were not authorised to speak to the media, told Reuters.
"They have not requested anything from us so we'll have to wait and see."
They reiterated comments by Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho the previous day that South Korea had not yet received any official requests on the renegotiation of the pact, which took effect in 2012.
The deal was great for South Korea, but "terrible" for the United States, Trump told Reuters in the interview.
A senior trade official also told Reuters the ministry would need to coordinate with Washington on the trade deal, but declined to elaborate further, as they needed time to look into the matter.
South Korea's automobile industry body expressed concern over the possible revision of the trade deal. Shares of Hyundai Motor extended losses, and were down as much as 2.4 percent after Trump's comments.
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Additional reporting by Dahee Kim, Cynthia Kim; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
(Corrects time conversion from Iran local to GMT in paragraph 3)
ANKARA May 3 An explosion in a coal mine in northern Iran on Wednesday killed at least 21 workers and injured 69 others, state media reported.
"Twenty-one bodies of workers who were killed in the explosion have been taken out of the mine ...So far there have been 69 injured," a regional official in Golestan province told the semi-official Tasnim news agency.
The blast occurred at 12:45 p.m. local time (0815 GMT) in the Zemestanyurt coal mine in Golestan. (Writing by Parisa Hafezi; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are claimed to have made a shock approach for Real Madrid's Karim Benzema, according to reports.
The Express , citing Spanish outlet Diario Gol, says the France international will be surplus to requirements when Real have a summer shake-up.
Zinedine Zidane's side has had a poor season domestically and Diario Gol believes Florentino Perez will ‘splash the cash' in an attempt to bolster Zidane's forward line.
But first they must offload Benzema and there are a number of clubs interested in taking them from the Bernabeu.
Diario Gol claim Liverpool head up the list and have already made an approach for the Benzema.
The picture could be clouded by Jurgen Klopp's reported interest in Dani Ceballos.
While outlets in Spain avariciously eye a Real move for Mohamed Salah.
The Egyptian has been in top form this season and Zinedine Zindane's side are said to be interested in taking them to the Spanish capital.
There is no chance of Liverpool wanting to cash in on the outstanding Salah.
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
And at the other end of the pitch
Another goalkeeping target for Liverpool has emerged with reports suggesting the Reds will challenge Arsenal in pursuit of Atletico Madrid star Jan Oblak.
The Slovenian international has been excellent for Diego Simeone's side and both Premier League clubs badly need a new No.1.
Jurgen Klopp broke the world record fee for a defender by signing Virgil van Dijk for £75m and the Reds may have to do so again to land Oblak.
Spanish paper AS claim that they have a buyout clause of €100m, which Los Colchoneros will insist on the English sides paying to relinquish their star man.
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
However, the 25-year-old isn't the only ‘keeper Liverpool are tracking, they have long been connected with a move for Roma's Alisson.
They aren't the only ones, The Mirror are also reporting Napoli have had a £35million bid rejected by Roma - who are insisting on a world record fee for a goalkeeper.
Cheeky dig
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has said what virtually every football fan was thinking when the Champions League draw was made this morning.
The Reds, who reached the quarter-finals with a thumping aggregate win over Porto, have been paired with Premier League champions elect Manchester City, reports the Mirror.
Liverpool is the only team to defeat Pep Guardiola's all-conquering City in the league this season and must now repeat the trick over two legs to reach the semi-finals of club football's biggest competition.
One team who aren't involved in the Champions League is Manchester United. United were dumped out by Sevilla on Tuesday and will now focus on securing second in the Premier League.
Their main rival for second spot is Liverpool and United still have to play Manchester City in the game many are predicting will see Guardiola's side officially crowned champions.
That match between United and City is set to take place smack bang in the middle of the two ties. That and the battle for second between United and Liverpool makes it a handy draw for the Red Devils.
"I think it is an absolute dream draw – for Manchester United fans," Klopp said with a smile. "I really don't mind we will have plenty of time to prepare before then.
"Yes so I didn't expect anything I didn't wish anything, I don't think it's good in the Champions' League if you play against a team from own country, but at one point it's pretty clear you will play them.
"It didn't matter who we got, I knew it would be difficult. And it's difficult. Manchester City will be difficult. It doesn't look like Christmas and Easter in same day. It's the last eight in Europe and if that would be easy then something is wrong."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Klopp insisted they have plenty of time to prepare for the game, with the first leg played at Anfield on April 4.
And they explained that one of their prime emotions is anger – but not because of the draw, rather because of the decision to switch the Mersey derby to a 12.30 lunch time kick off for TV, just three days after that first leg.
"Sometimes, the associations will cancel the fixture to help, but not in this case. We play Wednesday night v Man City and then play Everton at 12.30 three days later. I heard only a few minutes ago. Not too cool, but we do it the hard way."
Asked if it gave them extra time to prepare for the second leg, they added: "No it doesn't give us extra time, we play Wednesday night and then we play 12.30.
"It is not perfect, we take it like it is, but if I can not be angry about something like this, if I have to be politically correct, then it is nothing."
Klopp insisted they had no expectations or hopes for the draw, but they did admit to a feeling that the two English clubs would be drawn together.
"I've said it before and it's still the truth, it's always common in a draw that you'll get your neighbour, more or less, but to be honest I don't mind, really," they said.
"It is exactly like it was before – we take what we've got. Now it's Manchester City, let's go.
"We've lost once and we've won once against them in the league – and I don't think they thought before the best draw they could have got is Liverpool. That's a sign for us and how strong we can be."
The manager did concede though that City is clearly favourites for the tie, and the bookies agree, making them the outright favourites to lift the Champions' League.
"We are for sure not the favourites in this round, but in the last eight there are not a lot of favourites - maybe two of them, Bayern and Barcelona – but thank god it's football and nothing is decided," they said.
"I am really looking forward to it and we will give it everything. Being at home in the first leg, in this case, it's not too important. For us, it's completely normal. We can get a result at home for sure, but it's obviously a difficult game – but good news for both teams.
"It is like it is should be in the last eight. It was clear we would face a strong team. Now we have Man City. The good thing is they are the team we know most about. It's not too cool for England because now only one team can go to the semis. But we will try everything."
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, April 20 Brazilian stocks gained on Thursday, supported by a rally in shares of miner Vale SA following solid first-quarter production figures. Vale's iron ore output fell 6.7 percent on a quarterly basis due to seasonal effects, but jumped 11.2 percent from a year ago to a record high for the period. The company's shares rose as much as 4.9 percent, adding the most points of any stock to Brazil's benchmark Bovespa index . Analysts at Itaú BBA maintained an "outperform" recommendation on the stock, citing prospects of a strong first-quarter operating profit. Steelmaker Usinas Siderúrgicas de Minas Gerais also rose after it reversed a loss in the first quarter amid early signs of a recovery in industrial output. The Brazilian real seesawed, in line with other Latin American currencies, maintaining a volatile trend as investors fretted over growing geopolitical risk. Mounting tensions in North Korea and Syria have dampened demand for higher-yielding emerging market assets, while uncertainty related to elections in France and the United Kingdom kept investors from making higher-risk bets. Still, several polls showing French centrist Emmanuel Macron easily beating far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in a second round vote helped soothe some investor concerns on Thursday. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1620 GMT: Stock indexes The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change MSCI Emerging Markets 958.51 0.59 10.51 MSCI LatAm 2,600.71 -0.11 11.24 Brazil Bovespa 63,646.29 0.38 5.68 Mexico IPC 49,021.40 0.3 7.40 Chile IPSA 4,805.28 -0.67 15.75 Chile IGPA 24,138.61 -0.59 16.42 Argentina MerVal 20,617.83 0.51 21.87 Colombia IGBC 10,109.21 -0.14 -0.19 Venezuela IBC 47,695.30 0.28 50.43 Currencies The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change Brazil real 3.1494 -0.10 3.17 Mexico peso 18.8400 0.04 10.11 Chile peso 650 -0.23 3.18 Colombia peso 2,865.5 0.09 4.75 Peru sol 3.244 0.03 5.24 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.3950 0.03 3.12 Argentina peso (parallel) 16.03 0.44 4.93 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski, editing by G Crosse)
HOUSTON, April 5 Nearly a century after Chevron Corp amassed the No. 2 stake in America's largest oilfield, Chief Executive John Watson is hitting the accelerator on developing the company's vast Permian Basin holdings.
In an interview, Watson made clear their desire to put the West Texas to New Mexico expanse in the ranks of Chevron's biggest ventures. That is a stark change from just five years ago, when Chevron executives rarely mentioned the shale basin.
But with low oil prices, the company is now spending more than it makes to cover its prized dividend and find new reserves. Now, those 2 million Permian acres have emerged as to way to help fund both goals.
"Some of the best things we have in our portfolio are the shales," Watson said during an interview on the 48th floor of the company's Houston office tower. "My employees in the Permian know I'm featuring it as something very important."
Gone, for the next few years at least, are plans for any new multi-billion-dollar mega-projects, they said. To survive and grow, San Ramon, California-based Chevron is turning to acreage it has always controlled and that largely is free of royalties to landowners.
"We're just in a period now where markets are weak and everyone is focused on controlling costs," Watson said.
Within a decade, Watson expects Chevron's production in the Permian to grow eightfold to more than 700,000 barrels of oil per day. By the end of next year, nine drilling rigs will join the 11 that Chevron already has poking holes into Permian land.
It is all part of Watson's plan to methodically pump Chevron's more than 9 billion barrels of Permian oil, most of it owned outright by the company. That gives Chevron a cost advantage over rival Permian producers as the region in the past year has become the epicenter for the U.S. shale resurgence.
Chevron's Permian portfolio, which was acquired in stages by predecessor companies, is worth at least $43 billion, Chevron believes, greater than the market value of Pioneer Natural Resources Co, Concho Resources and other Texas producers.
Watson bristles at critics who say the company is moving too slowly in the Permian. "We're growing our portfolio in the Permian as fast as anyone," said Watson, an economist by training who has worked at Chevron their entire career.
"We're focused on growing value and growing the dividend over time."
Chevron is valued more highly by investors than rival Exxon Mobil Corp partly because of that dividend, which has risen annually for the past 29 years. Watson has called protecting the $1.08 quarterly payout their top priority.
"We like inexpensive, recurring revenue streams" such as the Permian, said Oliver Pursche of wealth manager Bruderman Brothers LLC, which holds shares in the company.
Chevron, which does not hedge oil production, is boosting spending in the Permian by 67 percent this year to $2.5 billion, an implicit bet that oil prices will rise and lift the company to a profitable year after an annual loss in 2016.
That makes the Permian the second-largest area for spending this year for Chevron after the Tengiz project in Kazakhstan, which is not expected to come online until next decade.
CARBON TAX WOULD ADD COST
Watson said they are not worried about demand for oil hitting a ceiling for at least the next 20 years, despite the rising popularity of electric cars. Rising petroleum needs for air travel and petrochemical production should buffer any drop in demand from the automobile sector, they said.
"There is no sign of peak demand right now," Watson said.
Like Exxon, BP and other oil peers, Chevron supports the Paris climate accord, a 2015 agreement between nearly 200 nations that aims to limit the rise in global temperatures to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit).
"We have said that Paris is a first step, but we need to understand what that translates to in terms of policy," Watson said.
Watson, however, has spoken out against a tax on carbon, something that Exxon supports.
President Donald Trump had considered a carbon tax as part of their proposed budget, but the White House on Tuesday said it was not under consideration. It could still be resurrected by Congress, where it has some support.
"A carbon tax will have the effect of adding cost on the people who can least afford it," Watson said. "If you increase energy costs you are going to make it more difficult here for industrial activity."
Watson said they are not opposed to renewable energy, just government financial support for it through subsidies and other means. They said they would be open to buying a Tesla or another electric vehicle.
"I have no particular aversion" to electric cars, they said. "I'll buy a car that meets all my needs, particularly around size and other characteristics." (Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Gary McWilliams and Leslie Adler)
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
PARIS New shots where fired near Paris' Champs Elysees avenue, more than an hour after a police officer was killed on the avenue earlier, a police source told Reuters on Thursday.
The counter-terrorism office has opened an investigation into the shooting, the prosecutor's office said. One of the gunmen was killed and a police source said that the attacker was known to security seervices.
(Reporting by Emmanuel Jarry, John Irish; Writing by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
March 30 UCP Inc:
* UCP Inc says an agreement to nominate Keith M. Locker to board of directors
* UCP Inc says in connection with addition of m. Locker, number of directors on UCP board will increase from six to seven members Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
São Paulo Brazilian police conducted raids on Wednesday as part of an investigation of state-controlled Caixa Econômica Federal's purchase of a stake in a consumer lender six years ago, the latest scandal rocking the nation's largest mortgage lender.
The federal police said they are investigating whether the purchase of a stake in Banco PanAmericano SA led to losses for Caixa's clients. The court that authorized the raids froze 1.5 billion reais ($483 million) of assets belonging to some of the investigation's targets, according to a police statement.
The probe is the latest case raising questions about Caixa's governance and investment protocols in recent years. Politically appointed management long held sway at Caixa, which was a key instrument of policy under the leftist Workers Party that ruled Brazil between 2003 and 2016.
The central bank's current director of oversight, Anthero Meirelles, was among those targeted by the search warrants authorized by Judge Vallisney De Souza Oliveira. The judge also authorized investigators to check the personal bank records of Meirelles, who was director of norms and organization for the financial system at the time of the deal.
The central bank confirmed that it provided information about the Banco PanAmericano deal to police on Wednesday, but declined to comment on the director's role in the investigation.
Police said in their statement that they suspect civil servants, consultants and business people involved in the transaction played a part in "giving legitimacy" to the deal.
The PanAmericano transaction allowed Caixa to enter some consumer lending segments that were thriving at the end of the last decade. After years of accounting irregularities, the central bank seized control of PanAmericano from its owner and put it under the administration of the privately held deposit guarantee fund FGC late in 2010.
Banco PanAmericano was later renamed Banco Pan SA (BPAN4.SA), when investment banking firm Grupo BTG Pactual SA (BBTG11.SA) bought a stake from PanAmericano's original owner, Grupo Silvio Santos, with FGC backing.
Banco Pan's preferred shares fell as much as 7 percent on Wednesday, before paring losses to close down 4 percent, at 1.90 reais, the lowest level since early February.
In a separate statement, Banco Pan acknowledged it was a target of police raids earlier in the day, and said that current management is not under investigation. Caixa and Banco Pan are also cooperating with the investigation, both said.
Earlier on Wednesday, BTG Pactual said it was not involved in Caixa's purchase of the PanAmericano stake in 2009. Documentation related to the bank's 2011 transaction with Grupo Silvio Santos is available at Brazil's central bank, it said.
Police also searched the headquarters of auditing firms Deloitte & Touch LLP, KPMG and investment bank Banco Fator SA. The banking and tax record secrecies of former Caixa Chief Executive Officer Maria Fernanda Coelho and Chief Financial Officer Márcio Percival also were lifted as part of the investigation, federal prosecutors said in a separate note.
The home of André Esteves, who was BTG Pactual's CEO at the time of the PanAmerican bailout, also was raided on Wednesday, the note said. Their lawyer denied any wrongdoing.
($1 = 3.1070 reais)
(Reporting by Pedro Fonseca and Aluisio Alves; Writing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Ana Mano; Editing by Bill Trott and Leslie Adler)
March 28 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at close of play on the fourth day in the fourth and final Test between India and Australia on Tuesday in Dharamsala, India Australia 1st innings 300 (S. Smith 111, M. Wade 57, D. Warner 56; K. Yadav 4-68) India 1st innings 332 (R. Jadeja 63, L. Rahul 60, C. Pujara 57; N. Lyon 5-92) Australia 2nd innings 137 India 2nd innings (Overnight: 19-0; Target: 106 runs) L. Rahul not out 51 M. Vijay c Wade b Cummins 8 C. Pujara run out (Maxwell) 0 A. Rahane not out 38 Extras (b-4 lb-5) 9 Total (for 2 wickets, 23.5 overs) 106 Fall of wickets: 1-46 M. Vijay,2-46 C. Pujara Did not bat: K. Nair, R. Ashwin, W. Saha, R. Jadeja, B. Kumar, K. Yadav, U. Yadav Bowling P. Cummins 8 - 2 - 42 - 1 J. Hazlewood 6 - 2 - 14 - 0 S. O'Keefe 4.5 - 1 - 22 - 0 N. Lyon 5 - 0 - 19 - 0 Referees Umpire: Marais Erasmus Umpire: Ian Gould TV umpire: Chris Gaffaney Match referee: Richie Richardson Result: India won by 8 wickets
HONG KONG, April 28 A consortium led by private equity firms Hillhouse Capital Group and CDH Investments offered on Friday to buy Belle International Holdings Ltd in a deal valuing the entire Hong Kong-listed shoe retailer at about $6.8 billion.
Hillhouse and CDH joined with Yu Wu and Sheng Fang, directors at Belle, to offer HK$6.30 per share in the company, according to an e-mailed statement. Trading of Belle's shares has been halted since April 18 at the company's request, pending an announcement.
The price is equivalent to a premium of 20 percent from Belle's closing price before the trading halt and values the company at HK$53.1 billion ($6.8 billion).
($1 = 7.7795 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
DUESSELDORF/FRANKFURT Germany's network regulator on Thursday approved 1,490 megawatts (MW) of offshore wind capacity on the German North Sea at costs well below expectations, showing the renewable energy source can operate with lower subsidies than it currently receives.
The projects, due to be implemented beyond 2020, were cleared at an average price requiring a subsidy of 0.44 euro cent per kilowatt-hour (kWh) of power, the regulator, Bundesnetzagentur, said in a statement.
They were awarded to Denmark's DONG Energy (DENERG.CO), the world's largest offshore wind park operator, and Germany's EnBW (EBKG.DE), it said in the conclusion of the first public bidding round that started on April 1.
Under current tariffs, operators of offshore wind receive a subsidy of 12 cents/kWh. The power price paid by end-users is around 30 cents/kWh, among the highest in Europe.
Germany's thermal power generators obtain just 3 cents a kWh in the wholesale market, while the bulk of costs for households comes from transport, state fees and taxes. TRDEBYZ8
"The auction process has unlocked cost-cutting potential in the medium and long term that will result in an unexpected reduction of support payments," said Bundesnetzagentur president Jochen Homann, whose job it is to slash costs for consumers.
The authority will put to auction approval for a further 1,610 MW in a second round next year.
EnBW said it had received approval for a 900-MW site called They Dreiht, which ties in with two other wind farms in close vicinity, and is part of its long-term strategy to move away from nuclear and coal to renewable energy.
DONG said it had been awarded three projects with planned commissioning in 2024 and that two of them, OWP West and Borkrum Riffgrund West 2, each 240 MW, will receive no subsidies on top of the wholesale electricity price.
It said the zero subsidy bid was "a breakthrough for the cost competitiveness of offshore wind" and that some of the cost reduction would come from using the next generation of turbines which will be able to produce up to 15 MW each, twice as much as the most powerful turbines on the market now.
Very high wind speeds, the vicinity to an existing maintenance hub and approval from German authorities to extend the operational lifetime to 30 years from 25 years were also factors behind the record-low bid, DONG said.
DONG said that the third project, the 110 MW Gode Wind 3 project, was awarded on a bid price of 6 cents per kWh.
European offshore wind has seen investment costs plummeting at Danish and Dutch sites in the past two years, along with a rise in expertise.
Critics say that even with recent cost reductions, offshore wind remains much more expensive than traditional fossil-fuel electricity generation, while some environmental groups say the huge structures could harm marine life.
In Germany, the technology has attracted high feed-in costs for years as there was little experience of installing turbines far out at sea, which is necessary due to Germany's geography.
Lenders foresaw unprecedented risks but judging by the range of bids at the tender of between zero and 6 cents/kWh, offshore operators now have faith in the new assets' profitability.
(Reporting by Tom Kaeckenhoff, Vera Eckert and Christoph Steitz, additional reporting by Teis Jensen in Copenhagen,; Editing by Dale Hudson and David Evans)
VIENNA The European Union should consider a one-billion-euro (£887-million) special investment programme to spur growth in debt-ridden Greece, Austria's finance minister told daily Der Standard in an interview published on Monday.
Hans Joerg Schelling said Greece would only be able to get back on track and regain access to capital markets if it was able to generate sustainable growth in the mid- and long-term. It was important to help the country participate in a pick-up in growth in the euro zone, they added.
There was no immediate comment from Athens which has called for more help and debt relief as it struggles to cope with its financial crisis and attain a budget surplus of 3.5 percent of economic output, excluding debt servicing outlays next year.
"You must assess whether to start a big investment programme through the European Investment Bank or maybe with the (European bailout fund) ESM... to get an additional boost (for the Greek economy)," the paper quoted Schelling as saying.
"I would define a scale of one billion euros."
Schelling, seen as a possible successor to Eurogroup President Jeroen Dijsselbloem, said one project could be an investment in renewable energy to make Greece less dependent on energy imports.
The European Investment Bank (EIB) launched a one billion euro credit line to Greek banks in December, mainly to be used for on-lending to small and medium sized companies and firms promoting youth employment.
Greece is on its third bailout from euro zone governments since 2010.
Last week, Athens struck a deal with its international creditors on key elements of a reform package that could unlock bailout funds for the country to help it repay maturing debt in summer.
(Reporting by Kirsti Knolle; Additional reporting by George Georgiopoulos; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK, June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday, mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September.
April 3 Boon Koon Group Bhd
* Refers to article "Boon Koon plans new launches on steady demand" appearing in the Edge Financial Daily
* "Clarify that statement was misquoted and mischaracterised by edge financial daily"
* Confirm that there is no plan to utilise proceeds from the disposal for a special repayment scheme Source (bit.ly/2n3AmyT) Further company coverage:
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 23/4/17 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger speaks to their players at half time of extra time Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
LONDON There were mixed emotions for those Arsenal supporters who want a change of manager after 21 years when Arsene Wenger led the London club to their eighth FA Cup final on Sunday.
Bookmakers immediately shortened the odds on the Frenchman signing a new contract, which had been even money before the 2-1 semi-final victory over Manchester City after extra time.
The win offered Wenger a chance to become the most successful FA Cup manager by lifting the trophy for a record seventh time in the final against Chelsea on May 27.
Winning the competition in 2014 and 2015 after a long drought and sneaking into second place in the Premier League last season to earn Champions League qualification for the 19th year in succession enabled Wenger to claim they were still the best man for a job they have held since 1996.
Arsenal have not won the Premier League since 2004, however, and pressure for change has intensified recently with a series of defeats, including the humiliating 10-2 aggregate loss to Bayern Munich that brought the habitual exit from Europe at the first knockout stage.
Having never finished lower than fourth under Wenger, Arsenal have dropped to seventh place, seven points below fourth-placed City, and they look destined to miss out on Europe's premier competition.
There has been criticism of the manager's recruitment and their motivational ability, which is why they made a point of praising the team's mentality after Sunday's victory.
"We gave a good answer to people who questioned that (spirit)," they said.
"The players have shown great togetherness."
They could also point to the tactical switch to a three-man defence for the first time in some 20 years that has helped produce two successive wins.
City were restricted to three shots on target, while Arsenal's equaliser came from a cross by one wing back -- man of the match Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain -- to the other, Nacho Monreal.
As expected, Wenger was not prepared to confirm the increasing speculation that they will now sign a new two-year contract.
Their final words in one television interview may, however, have been significant: "People cannot question my loyalty and commitment to the club."
(Reporting by Steve Tongue; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sedlmayr Grund Und Immobilien KGaA :
* TO PROPOSE INCREASED DIVIDEND BY EUR 2.00 TO EUR 22.00, BONUS OF EUR 15.00 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
More detail is needed on plans to close several day centres for adults with learning disabilities and relocate services elsewhere in West Sussex, according to campaigners.
West Sussex County Council is currently consulting on ‘Choices for the Future' which sets out how it will run in-house adult social care services going forward.
A total of eight premises across West Sussex providing day centres or residential homes for either the elderly or adults with learning disabilities could be shut, with users accessing services at alternative locations.
The county council says no final decisions have been made, but committed to fully involving service users, families and carers in the process to ensure there is a smooth transition that minimises any disruption.
This week campaign group Don't Cut us Out is calling for greater transparency around proposals.
Chair Margaret Guest said: “We are calling for more clarity on the proposals. How can the public and, most importantly, the people who use these services and their families make informed comment about the Council's plans when crucial details are totally missing?
“What exactly will the ‘modernised' services look like? Where will they be based and how will they be delivered?
“The council is not saying what numbers of disabled and elderly people will need to be moved into new services, how their specific needs and choices will be met, or how they will meet their own forecast of increasing demand.”
They added: “There are real concerns about what ‘integration' of services into one building could mean. People with severe dementia can have very different needs from people with severe learning difficulties, or older physically frail people.
“It is not clear what the new service will look like for each distinct group. Sometimes it is right for different groups to have different services for their specific needs and abilities to be properly supported.
“Yet, without having such important details we are being asked to give our views in a consultation and survey. How is this giving vulnerable people choice and control?”
Don't Cut Us Out is calling on the council to re-run the consultation with greater detail and commit to full public consultation before implementing each chunk of its plans for the different geographical areas.
It is calling on those affected by proposed changes to get in touch via the group's Facebook page at www.facebook.com/dontcutusout
A spokesperson for West Sussex County Council said: “In developing the principles of what the service may look like in the future we have spoken to more than 800 people over the last two years and we will continue to do so.
“We also carry out an annual survey of everyone who uses our services which has also contributed to the development of the proposals.
“In addition to the Choices For The Future survey we have held a number of engagement sessions with families at each of the centres involved in the proposals, providing opportunities for those who attended to ask any questions they may have, and share their views on what is being proposed.
“It is important to stress that at this stage no final decision has been made. We are eager to hear from all residents who may be affected by these changes during this engagement period.
“We know that change can be difficult and unsettling for people, but before any changes take place, people who use our services, their families and carers will be fully involved and supported in order to make any changes and ensure there is a smooth transition that minimises any disruption for them.
“Modernising how we deliver care and support is based on the Care Act – the biggest change to social care in 60 years which is about changing customer expectations and supporting people to be as independent as possible.
“We would urge anyone who has any concerns over the changes being proposed to get in touch or share their views through the survey, which can be found at www.westsussex.gov.uk/choicesforthefuture.”
The consultation closes tomorrow (Thursday May 31).
Related stories; Closure plans for Chichester day centre ‘heartbreaking'
{https://www.chichester.co.uk/news/politics/number-of-day-centres-for-adults-with-learning-difficulties-could-be-reduced-1-8493910|
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - China's next megacity has some merits. The central government will construct an auxiliary capital city out in the sticks, 100 km south of Beijing. Plans to build the Xiongan New Area in a rural corner of Hebei province have fanned speculation in property and stocks, and led state media to make excited comparisons with the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone, a reform pilot which drove economic reform in the 1980s. As a mammoth construction project rather than an experiment in policy liberalisation, this bureaucratic backwater won't do anything of the sort. That doesn't make it a bad idea.
Planned cities, like Brasilia or Canberra, get a bad rep. They are often criticised as architectural playgrounds that ignore the needs of residents. But the case for a secondary government centre in China is strong. Beijing is a polluted traffic jam running low on water. Millions of government and quasi-government workers play a big role clogging its arteries. Planners say they will move "non-capital functions" to Xiongan. That could mean transferring back-office functions with big footprints like payroll. Some state-owned enterprises and semi-official bodies could move too.
There are other potential benefits. A mass of underemployed labour is hovering in the northeastern rust belt above Beijing, and is looking south for work. But officials want to cap the capital's population at 22 million in 2017. Building the new area might lure them away from Beijing with temporary construction work, and keep them there with urban services jobs later.
Getting private companies to move will be trickier. Officials want to make Xiongan a technology centre, but the tech sector needs access to Beijing's prestigious university cluster, and to regulators. Other industries, including state-owned ones, will resist relocation for similar reasons.
Just three years ago Chinese officials claimed the Shanghai Free Trade Zone would be the next Shenzhen SEZ; it wasn't, and neither will Xiongan be. But Brasilia, Canberra and Washington, D.C. have ended up viable for all their top-down planning. China could use one of its own.
* Euro pressured by French election uncertainty
* Dollar off 3-week highs hit in Asian trade
* Eyes on Fed Chair Yellen's speech later
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 10 The euro edged lower against the dollar on Monday, pressured by nervousness over the upcoming French presidential election as investors took stock of polls showing a tightening race.
Investors are closely following the campaign as one candidate -- far-right leader Marine Le Pen -- has promised a referendum on France's membership of the European Union if they win, fuelling concerns of an unravelling of the bloc after Britain's vote to leave last year.
Polls have for weeks shown Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron on track to top the first round of voting on April 23 and go through to the May 7 run-off. However, two less fancied candidates, Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon held mass rallies on Sunday, making it an increasingly tight race.
The euro was 0.1 percent lower at $1.0578 in late morning European trade, hovering above its lowest level in a month -- $1.0570 hit overnight.
"There's obviously a little bit of (selling) interest now as we're into the formal stages of the French presidential campaign...that's focusing the market's mind on rising political risk once again in Europe," said Jeremy Stretch, currency strategist with CIBC World Markets in London.
While euro/dollar implied volatility, or the cost of protection against big swings in the exchange rate, over the coming month touched its highest since just after Britain's Brexit vote, the single currency held up against the Japanese yen and the Swiss franc, trading mostly flat against the perceived safe-haven currencies.
"I think (this is because)...investors are just mindful of Japanese investors looking to export capital into the new financial year so that's probably just having a bit of a dragging factor on the yen and for the Swiss (franc) there's clearly always the risk of the Swiss National Bank (intervening) on the other side," Stretch said.
The dollar was slightly lower against a currency basket in European trade after touching three-week highs in Asia.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major currencies, was off slightly at 101.22 after rising as high as 101.340, its highest since March 15.
The dollar was up 0.2 percent at 111.25 yen.
New York Fed President William Dudley said the Fed might avoid raising interest rates at the same time that it begins shrinking its balance sheet, prompting only a "little pause" in the central bank's rate hike plans.
Currency strategist Alvin Tan with Société Générale in London said the greenback's move in Asia was a continuation of Friday following Dudley's comments.
"We're waiting for Fed chair Yellen's speech which might be important if they make any comments about monetary policy direction," they said.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen will make a speech at the University of Michigan's Ford School of Public Policy later on Monday.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Migrants sent home $445 billion in 2016, lifting millions out of poverty - report
LONDON, June 14 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Migrants working in rich countries sent home almost half a trillion dollars in 2016, helping to lift families out of poverty by providing financial stability, access to education, housing and healthcare, according to a global report.
LONDON (Reuters) - Qatar's Mutaz Essa Barshim secured the global high jump title their talent has promised for so long when they completed a faultless series in the World Championships on Sunday, culminating in a winning leap of 2.35 metres.
The Qatari, whose 2.43m best is the second-highest in history after Cuban Javier Sotomayor's 2.45 set 24 years ago, has won silver and bronze at the last two Olympics and silver in the 2013 World Championships.
But they were a class apart on Sunday, having qualified without a fail they went through the final never looking remotely close to dislodging the bar as they flexed their body into biology-defying shapes.
With the gold secured they went agonisingly close to clearing 2.40 but there was no disappointment and the 26-year-old can target a crack at the world record on home soil when Doha hosts the next World Championships in 2019.
Russian Danil Lysenko, competing as a neutral athlete, took silver with 2.32m while Majd Eddin Ghazal of Syria had the best record of three men who cleared 2.29 to take bronze - their country's first world championship medal for a man.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's High Jump Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017. Mutaz Essa Barshim of Qatar in action. Phil Noble
"My first big world championships gold and I was so determined to win it," Barshim said. "I was expecting it tonight so I am glad I managed to fulfil my target.
"Let's say, I was recovering last year. I did not want to put too much pressure on myself but now I am back in shape and feel I can go even higher. I do not want to retire one day with the feeling that there is still something left."
Slideshow (2 Images)
Lysenko revealed that they had injured nerves in their lead leg a week before the championships.
"It was very painful even in qualification but especially during my warm-up tonight," they said.
"I even wanted to refuse to continue in the final but after my first attempt at 2.20m I decided that I could do something special. I was trying not to hurt my leg, so my technique was not brilliant."
Canada's world and Olympic champion Derek Drouin was unable to defend their title in London because of an Achilles injury.
April 10 IDT Corp:
* Straight Path Communications-on april 9, co, idt corp entered into binding term sheet in connection to investigation by federal communications commission
* Straight Path Communications - idt to pay co $16 million, straight path communications will transfer to idt its ownership interest in straight path ip group
* Straight Path Communications - under term sheet, stockholders of co to receive 22 percent of proceeds received by unit from license of patent rights held by unit Source text - bit.ly/2nyFnje Further company coverage:
U.S. health insurer Humana Inc (HUM.N) reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit on Wednesday due to strength in Medicare Advantage, a program in which it manages government health benefits for the elderly and people with disabilities.
Medicare Advantage plans account for about a third of the more than 55 million people covered by Medicare and is the fastest growing government health program. It is an alternative to standard fee-for-service Medicare accounts and makes up the majority of Humana's revenue.
Private insurers like Humana are turning to Medicare Advantage for growth as they exit the Obamacare individual insurance market for people under age 65. That market is expected to contract as U.S. President Donald Trump and Republican lawmakers seek to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Humana, which said it has 155,000 members in Obamacare exchanges plans this year, already disclosed it will exit that business in 2018 because of losses. It has 65,000 members in Tennessee, a state that has had difficulty attracting insurers.
Humana Chief Financial Officer Brian Kane said that the cost of medical services for exchange members was within expectations of a forecast $45 million loss in that business in 2017. Kane said medical expenses are seasonal and that they expect them to rise later this year.
The company raised its full-year profit forecast last week on the back of strong performance in its retail business.
The company's net income rose to $1.12 billion, or $7.49 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $254 million, or $1.68 per share, a year earlier.
The results included a net gain of $947 million associated with its terminated merger agreement with Aetna Inc (AET.N).
Aetna and Humana walked away from the deal in February after a federal judge backed the U.S. Justice Department's decision to block it on antitrust grounds.
Excluding items, the company earned $2.75 per share, beating analysts' average estimate of $2.50, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Total revenue fell to $13.76 billion from $13.80 billion, due to lower Obamacare individual commercial premiums.
Adjusted revenue rose 4 percent to $13.48 billion, just shy of estimates of $13.62 billion.
Humana shares fell 0.5 percent, or $1.05, to $224.47.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru and Caroline Humer in New York; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Meredith Mazzilli)
SEOUL, April 13 Pre-orders for tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's flagship Galaxy S8 smartphones have been better than expected so far, the South Korean firm's mobile business chief Koh Dong-jin said on Thursday.
Koh also told reporters during a media event in Seoul the S8, which some analysts believe will set a new first-year sales record for Samsung and help the firm recover from the costly collapse of the fire-prone Galaxy Note 7, will be the safest smartphone to date for Samsung.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
LONDON France international Mamadou Sakho was suspended last season for taking a substance that was not in fact on WADA's banned list, a UEFA report confirmed on Thursday.
The Liverpool centre back, who is currently on loan at Crystal Palace, missed the end of last season, including the Europa League final against Sevilla and Euro2016, after failing a drug test on March 17.
Sakho admitted taking a fat burner Higenamine without the permission of the club's medical staff and was given a 30-day ban by UEFA, initially at their own request, based on the belief that the substance was in the WADA Prohibited List of January 1, 2016.
But the report into the case by UEFA's Controls, Ethics and Disciplinary Body supported Sakho's contention that the substance was not on the banned list, blaming a communications breakdown between WADA and its laboratories in Cologne and Lausanne for the error.
"It is clearly not possible for anyone, laboratory disciplinary body, football player or otherwise to know whether or not Higenamine is a prohibited substance by reading WADA's prohibited list," the report said.
"The fact that the Cologne laboratory tested for Higenamine but had to check with WADA before making a determination indicates a problem, as does the fact that the Lausanne laboratory does not test for it," it added.
"The onus is clearly on WADA to communicate to its laboratories what is and what is not on the prohibited list."
Sakho has not played for Liverpool since failing the test and moved to Palace in the January transfer window.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Toby Davis)
April 28 Ion Beam Applications SA:
* To install Africa's first proton therapy center
* The typical end-user price for a proteus one system with a maintenance contract is between EUR 35-40 million ($32.6-43.5 million)
* Contract signed with children's cancer hospital foundation egypt to install a proteus one solution in Cairo, Egypt Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9206 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Renaud Laplanche speaks during an interview with CNBC on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York, United States on December 11, 2014. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK Renaud Laplanche, who abruptly stepped down as chief executive officer of LendingCLub Corp (LC.N) in May, has launched a new online lender called Upgrade, the company said on Thursday.
San Francisco-based Upgrade has raised $60 million in equity and convertible notes from a large group of U.S. investors including Union Square Ventures, Ribbit Capital, Vy Capital and Silicon Valley Bank, the startup said.
It said investors also included large Chinese lender CreditEase and Noah Holdings (NOAH.N), an investment management firm.
Laplanche, who founded and took LendingClub public, sent shockwaves through the emerging online lending industry with their resignation last year, after the company acknowledged a series of loan malpractices.
LendingClub, which runs a website where consumers can apply for loans funded by individual or institutional investors, said it had altered documentation when selling $22 million in loans to Jefferies Group. The loans were later repurchased by the online lender.
An internal probe also revealed that Laplanche and their family had taken out 32 loans on the platform in December 2009 to boost the company's volumes just four months prior to closing a round of venture capital funding.
Laplanche is now making their comeback with the support of LendingClub's venture capital backer Union Square Ventures.
"We are thrilled to be backing Renaud again, after having worked alongside them at Lending Club for many years," said Fred Wilson, managing partner at Union Square Ventures in a statement.
By automating much of the lending process companies like LendingClub, OnDeck Capital Inc (ONDK.N) and Prosper are able to service borrowers that have become too risky or expensive for banks to lend to from their more constrained balance sheets.
While the sector has continued to expand, growth has softened, in part because of investor concerns regarding the quality of the loans.
Unlike LendingClub, loans originated on Upgrade will only be bought by large asset managers, and not by individual investors.
The loans will be issued by bank Utah-based WebBank and later purchased by Upgrade. The startup will retain a portion of those loans on its balance sheet.
It will also provide borrowers with a series of tools to help them monitor their credit.
Upgrade is being advised on its capital market strategy by Jefferies, which is also expected to participate in loan purchases and help kick off the company's securitization program.
Co-founded in August with Soul Htite, the CEO of Chinese online lender Dianrong, the startup is also backed by Apoletto, FirstMark Capital and Uprising.
(Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Tom Brown)
May 3 Moody's Investors Service
* Moody's - conditions are ripe for more public-private-partnerships (ppp) in the US water and wastewater infrastructure sector
* Moody's - ppp procurement model being considered for several projects in development but only little water, wastewater ppp projects have reached financial close
* Moody's - increased regional co-operation could support execution of more water and wastewater infrastructure projects
* Moody's - new financing options like water infrastructure finance and innovation act (wifia) are expected to complement traditional funding sources
The last time the United States was a net exporter of natural gas was in 1957, when Dwight Eisenhower was president. That should change in 2018 when the country is expected to become the world's third-largest exporter of liquefied natural gas (LNG).
By the end of next year, U.S. LNG export capacity in the lower 48 states will top 6 billion cubic feet per day (bcfd), or 8 percent of the country's domestic consumption, up from zero at the beginning of 2016. Six bcfd of gas can fuel about 30 million U.S. homes, or almost every house in California, Texas and Florida combined.
That growth in U.S. LNG exports is set to transform world energy markets. Just a decade ago, before the shale revolution, the United States was expected to become a growing LNG importer, not an exporter, likely dependent on Russian, Middle East and North African gas, much as it has for decades depended on foreign crude.
Instead, the U.S. will become a competitor to the global gas powers by offering cheaper and more flexible cargoes and even a more politically palatable supplier to buyers such as the Europeans. The increased supply of North American LNG could bring more predictability to pricing through the development of more liquid trading markets.
"We are set to see unprecedented growth in U.S. LNG volumes over the next few years," said Andrew Walker, vice president strategy at Cheniere Marketing, a unit of U.S. LNG company Cheniere Energy Inc (LNG.A).
The U.S. shale revolution produced a massive increase in gas output through the use of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, or "fracking," to extract fuel trapped in shale rocks. The only other countries soon expected to supply more LNG to the world are Australia and Qatar.
LNG is natural gas that has been liquefied at extremely low temperatures for ease of storage and transport, and is increasingly replacing dirtier fossil fuels such as coal and oil to heat homes and businesses and in power plants and other industrial facilities.
The U.S. started to export LNG from the lower 48 states when the first liquefaction train at the Sabine Pass terminal in Louisiana, built by Cheniere, opened in February 2016. Five additional export terminals are expected to open by 2020, built by units of Dominion Resources Inc (D.N), Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI.N), Sempra Energy (SRE.N) and Freeport LNG.
Prior to this, the only natural gas exports from the lower 48 states were via pipeline to Mexico, and the U.S. was a net importer overall of natural gas from Canada.
Since opening the terminal, Cheniere's stock price has risen more than 50 percent, and in 2016 it reported record revenue of $1.28 billion, according to Reuters data. The company is expected to control more than half of the U.S. LNG export capacity by 2020, making it one of the nation's biggest buyers of physical gas.
Further upstream, big U.S. shale producers such as Chesapeake Energy Corp (CHK.N), Cabot Oil and Gas Corp (COG.N), Range Resources Corp (RRC.N) and EQT Corp (EQT.N) are set to benefit from increased export demand.
Company spokesperson Mike Mackin said Range Resources has signed multiple LNG export contracts, including with Cheniere, saying that the projects will "provide a significant source of incremental demand growth for the U.S."
World LNG demand is expected to double to about 71 bcfd by 2040, up from around 32 bcfd in 2015, the U.S. Energy Department estimates, driven by the rapidly growing economies in Asia, especially China and India.
Even though top LNG exporters Qatar and Australia are geographically better poised to supply the fuel at cheaper shipping costs, major energy firms such as Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSa.L), Korea Gas Corp (036460.KS) and GAIL (India) Ltd (GAIL.NS) have already contracted to buy U.S. LNG.
In addition, European countries fearing supply disruptions from Russia have the potential of looking west. Moscow in the past has limited gas supply at periods of peak winter demand while seeking debt repayments from Ukraine.
The additional supply also means the potential for less reliance on some politically unstable Middle Eastern countries.
"It provides supplier diversification away from the Middle East, where much of the world's LNG supply now comes from as well as supply route diversification," said Jane Nakano, senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.
MATURING MARKET
Analysts said surging LNG exports - the biggest driver of North American gas demand - could boost U.S. gas prices, which have been low in recent years. However, higher prices would also encourage energy firms to boost production to record levels, which could keep price increases small.
Natural gas benchmark prices GT-HH-IDX have averaged $4.42 per million British thermal units over the last 10 years; in 2016, that average was $2.49, lowest since 1999. Even with exports, the price should remain far below that average for several years.
The maturation of the industry means buyers are looking for flexible contracts and the ability to hedge.
Last week, Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE.N) said it will introduce a spot contract for U.S. Gulf Coast LNG in May, while some large global LNG buyers, including Korea Gas and China's offshore oil and gas producer CNOOC Ltd (0883.HK), said they were banding together to secure flexible contracts.
LNG was historically sold in other parts of the world through long-term contracts tied to the price of oil. But of the 56 vessels that left Sabine Pass in 2016, 23 carried gas sold under spot transactions, according to the U.S. Energy Department.
"Growing use of spot market transactions will make the LNG market more flexible and responsive to supply and demand," said Craig Pirrong, a finance professor specializing in commodities at the University of Houston.
(Reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
March 31 Softship Ag
* FY sales up by 13.0 pct to 7.93 million euros ($8.47 million) (2015: 7.02 million euros)
* Outlook for 2017: revenue growth to approx. 8.5 million euros with pre-tax profit of approximately 0.6 million euros - 0.7 million euros
* FY profit before tax improved sharply to 0.78 million euros in 2016 against the previous year (0.58 million euros) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9367 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
April 3 Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc- transaction valued at $200 million upfront
* Sucampo acquires Vtesse Inc
* Deal expected to be accretive to earnings beginning in 2019
* Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc- Vtesse employees are expected to join Sucampo
* Sucampo pharmaceuticals - acquisition provides sucampo with vts-270, which is in a pivotal study for treatment of niemann-pick disease type c1 (npc-1)
* Vtesse team will continue to support advancement of vts-270
* Sucampo Pharma -upfront payment made in form of issuance of 2.8 million Sucampo class a common shares to Vtesse shareholders and $170 million in cash on hand
* Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc- revised full year 2017 guidance post Vtesse, revenue $220 million - $230 million
* Sucampo pharmaceuticals inc- revised full year 2017 guidance post Vtesse for adjusted. Eps $1.00 - $1.10
* Sucampo Pharmaceuticals - Vtesse and Sucampo intend to establish a foundation after closing of acquisition to support research related to NPC disease
* Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc says revised full year 2017 guidance guidance post Vtesse, free cash flow $86 million - $96 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI, March 29 Hong Kong stocks pared early gains to end slightly higher on Wednesday, as weakness in property shares offset buying in shipping firms and index heavyweight Tencent.
The Hang Seng index rose 0.2 percent to 24,392.05 points, while the China Enterprises Index gained 0.1 percent to 10,437.51.
The market was firm in the morning but sentiment was hurt by a late afternoon drop in mainland stocks.
Index heavyweight Tencent rose 0.6 percent, having touched record intraday highs, after the Chinese Internet giant bought a 5 percent stake in U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc .
Banking stocks rose after major mainland lenders Bank of Communications (BoCom) and Agricultural Bank of China (AgBank) reported modest annual profit growth.
Shares of Fosun International swung wildly before ending up 2 percent, after the firm said its co-founder and chief executive Liang Xinjun would step down in a broader reshuffle, while also reporting a strong rise in profit.
The real estate sector continued to struggle, dipping 0.2 percent.
More large cities on China's wealthy east coast - Fuzhou, Xiamen, and Hangzhou - stepped up property curbs this week, following Beijing's drastic moves that analysts say could freeze the market.
Moody's Investors Service warned on Wednesday that the financial risks facing China from a potential property downturn have grown as record lending has made banks more risk-prone while the government is less able to combat those risks. (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
* Nine-man Chelsea lost 3-2 at home to Burnley
* Chelsea captain Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas were dismissed
* Sam Vokes opened the scoring for Burnley
* Stephen Ward scored Burnley's second in the 38th minute
* Vokes made it 3-0 before halftime
* New signing Alvaro Morata and David Luiz scored for Chelsea
* Chelsea face Tottenham next; Burnley host West Brom
CHELSEA 2 BURNLEY 3
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - A shambolic Chelsea side endured a miserable start to the defence of their Premier League title on Saturday, losing 3-2 at home to Burnley, with their new captain Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas sent off.
Cahill lunged clumsily at Steven Defour's shin after 14 minutes after losing the ball high up the pitch and referee Craig Pawson was prompt with a red card.
Sam Vokes capitalised on the numerical advantage and Chelsea's poor defending, scoring either side of a goal from teammate Stephen Ward, to send Burnley into the halftime break 3-0 up.
Antonio Conte's champions looked much livelier in the second half and newly-signed second-half substitute Alvaro Morata got one back in the 69th minute putting Burnley on the back foot. Defender David Luiz found the net in the 87th minute despite Chelsea being reduced to nine for the last 10 minutes.
Amritsar night Juhi Ranjan Escorts organisation, Escorts industry is one of the most emerging and developing industry of the arena. gone are the times, while humans recall the escorts profession as a awful profession. nowadays, this state of affairs has completely modifications. Now days, tens of millions of girls are the part of the escort industry. there are numerous cities in the international which are just well-known for the escorts enterprise. Amritsar is likewise one such metropolis this is regarded for it's lovely, lovely and bold escorts. it's far stated that Amritsar version always play secure and preserve easy. stylish Amritsar escorts are beautiful, fashionable, ambitious and assured. customers internationally go to Amritsar simply to revel in the corporation of elite and stylish Amritsar escorts. clients the world over want to revel in a few magical and extremely good studies with the elite escorts of Amritsar. however, it's far actual that Amritsar model continually performs secure as well as continues easy. there are many motives in the back of this mind-set and notion. a few reasons that unbiased Amritsar escorts to play secure and keep smooth are mentioned beneath.
As already stated above, long gone are the times while the profession of the escorts in taken as a bad profession. but nonetheless, legal guidelines of many countries do not supply the career of the escorts the repute of legal profession. In many countries, the career of escorts is unlawful. not the best law, societies also take into account the career of escort as an unethical profession. Many societies consider that the career of escorts breaks the ethics of the society. So, that is one of the most essential reasons that continually encourage an stylish unbiased Amritsar escorts to play safe and maintain easy.
More details:-
http://www.free-press-release.com/news-amritsar-escorts-service-best-call-girls-in-amritsar-escorts-for-relationship-1507271974.html
or want to direct go for dates with hot girl visit here:-
http://www.juhiranjan.in/amritsar-escorts.html
http://www.akia.in/amritsar-escorts.html
http://www.sonygill.com/amritsar-escorts.html
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MADRID Lionel Messi delivered a majestic Clasico display to silence the Santiago Bernabeu as the Argentine scored their 500th Barcelona goal to snatch a thrilling 3-2 win at Real Madrid on Sunday.
Messi scored twice with their stunning second strike settling a pulsating clash in the last minute of stoppage time, drawing Barcelona level with Madrid on 75 points at the top of La Liga, although Los Blancos have a game in hand.
The stand-out player in a magnificent match, Messi was a nightmare for Real Madrid whose captain Sergio Ramos was sent off for a hasty two-footed lunge at the Argentine while Casemiro was lucky to avoid red for repeated fouls on the No. 10.
Barcelona struggled on the night but Messi led them through the game and was the decisive figure on a dramatic occasion that leaves the Spanish title race wide open.
"(Messi) even makes a difference when he's at home having dinner," joked Barcelona coach Luis Enrique after the game.
"He's the best of all time and I have seen a lot of football matches and videos. Now people are better prepared and they make the difference. And this was their 500th goal.
"Just imagine, their 500th goal coming here, a winner in the 92nd minute at the Santiago Bernabeu. It's very nice for Leo and it's nice for everyone associated with Barça."
Casemiro went into the book for a foul on Messi in the 12th minute as Barcelona's all-time top scorer frequently dropped into midfield to help the team develop moves.
"He allowed us to have superiority in midfield, we wanted them on the ball as often as possible,” added Luis Enrique.
Messi was singled out for praise by several teammates after their virtuoso performance helped Barcelona take three points from a game in which they were under pressure for long periods.
Captain Andres Iniesta said: "Leo's greatness doesn't stop surprising us.  They are an honour for us and a blessing for the club. We all have to stay with them to have a chance of lifting the title."
Marc-Andre ter Stegen, who made several important saves to keep Real Madrid at bay in the second half, also hailed Messi.
"He's the player that makes the difference, a very special player," said the German goalkeeper. “The rest of us made a very big effort and together we earned the victory."
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
* Meeting set for next Tuesday to discuss housing measures
* Ontario's Sousa says looking at a number of alternatives (Adds comments made to reporters by Ontario finance minister)
By Fergal Smith and Matt Scuffham
TORONTO/OTTAWA, April 13 Ontario's finance minister, Charles Sousa, on Thursday confirmed they will meet with federal counterpart Bill Morneau next week to discuss measures to cool Toronto's housing market and set a date of April 27 for the province's annual budget.
The acceleration in home prices in Toronto has prompted some economists to worry the real estate market in Canada's largest city is in a bubble and has raised concerns about the ability of first-time buyers to afford a home.
The Sousa-Morneau meeting is scheduled for Tuesday.
Economists are anticipating the budget will include measures to cool Toronto's housing market. The province's options include a foreign buyers tax, similar to that introduced in British Columbia last year, or an increase in capital gains tax on homes that are not principal residences.
"There is no silver bullet to solve this complex issue," Sousa said in a speech to business leaders in Toronto. "But in the coming days you will hear more of what we plan to do."
Sousa said the province was looking at a number of alternatives to temper housing prices in Toronto, which soared by a record 33 percent last month.
Speaking to reporters after the speech, Sousa said they had been speaking with British Columbia's finance minister, Mike de Jong, to find out how the 15 percent property transfer tax on foreign real estate buyers had affected the market.
"I wanted to get a sense from them what happened before and after," Sousa said. "This is a concern in terms of any unintended consequences from the decisions that we make.
"We're trying to figure out what we can do this without over-correcting the system while at the same time providing support for those trying to get into the market." (Additional reporting by Andrea Hopkins in Ottawa; Editing by Chris Reese and Bill Trott)
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
May 2 Intact Financial Corp
* Onebeacon Insurance Group Ltd says book value per share of $10.91, reflecting an increase of 2.8% for Q1 of 2017, including dividends
* Onebeacon Insurance Group Ltd says net written premiums were $256.9 million in Q1 of 2017, a decrease of 8.3% from Q1 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
SALEM, Mass. (AP) — A Salem, Massachusetts-based organization called The Satanic Temple is accusing Twitter of discriminating against it on religious grounds.
Satanic Temple founder Lucien Greaves filed a complaint in March with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, saying Twitter wrongly suspended its accounts after someone tweeted a threat to the organization. The Boston Globe reports Twitter has restored the accounts but without the "verified" status Greaves wants.
An attorney for Greaves says the standards used by Twitter to determine its suspensions and verifications of users is colored by its favoritism toward groups that share the social network's views.
Twitter says an account is verified if it's determined to be of public interest.
Advertisement
The Satanic Temple's building is zoned as an art gallery and is open to the public with art installations, lectures and film screenings.
___
Information from: The Boston Globe, http://www.bostonglobe.com
Former singer for At the Drive-In and The Mars Volta fronts new band at SOhO
After the first song at the Zavalaz concert on Wednesday night at SOhO Restaurant & Music Club, only the band's third-ever concert, frontman Cedric Bixler-Zavala said, “Thank you for coming out. I know you don't know what the f*** we sound like. ... Thank you for taking a leap of faith.”
It's true, we didn't know what Zavalaz (that's their mother's maiden name with an extra “z” at the end) would sound like. But given their track record as the singer for the acclaimed post-hardcore band At the Drive-In and the Grammy Award-winning prog metal band The Mars Volta, which recently broke up, taking this particular leap of faith was a no-brainer.
Bixler-Zavala has described Zavalaz's music as “‘70s, AM radio-inspired love ballads,” but it turns out that this is as accurate as it is misleading. Sure, some of those elements were there — namely, harmonized vocals and rich arrangements — but the cheesiness that this description suggests was thankfully absent. No “Baby, I Love Your Way” or “Afternoon Delight” at this show!
The connection with Bixler-Zavala's previous bands is primarily through their powerful, versatile vocals, and while the music at times had a touch of prog rock or a build-up of intensity, it was often mellow, pretty and even a bit folky. Plus, to my ears, it was more accessible to the masses.
Bixler-Zavala, who also showed that they are a fine rhythm guitarist as they alternated between electric and a little black Martin acoustic guitar, was joined by an amazing band with an impressive pedigree: Dan Elkan (from Them Hills and Broken Bells) on guitar, harmony vocals and between-song soundscapes; Greg Rogove (from Megapuss) on drums; Nate Walcott (from Bright Eyes) on keyboards; and Juan Alderete de la Pena (a former bandmate from The Mars Volta) on bass guitar. The band's tightness at such an early phase in its history was nothing short of phenomenal.
Bixler-Zavala also did a bit of pop culture brain dump in their amusing comments to to the audience, making joking references to Steve Harvey, Teen Mom, hacky sacks, Danzig, and the episode of What's Happening!! in which Rerun bootlegs the Doobie Brothers.
The evening's opening band was Dot Hacker, a side project for the Red Hot Chili Peppers' current guitarist Josh Klinghoffer. Klinghoffer didn't rock out much on guitar, instead bringing lots of cool textures on guitar and keyboards to original songs that are more Indie moody than freaky styley, plus a cover of Tears for Fears' “Memories Fade.”
The word is that Zavalaz has an album in the works, probably to be released in early 2014. And while it won't burn up AM radio, I expect that it will find its way onto the iPods of a lot of people who like Bixler-Zavala's previous bands, and a lot of people who are discovering their music for the first time.
Setlist for Dot Hacker
Discotheque
Quotes
Idleidolidyl
Puncture
Memories Fade (Tears for Fears cover)
Floating Up the Stairs
Order/Disorder
Rewire
Setlist for Zavalaz
Lacewing
Unearthly Child
Wither on the Vine
All the Nights We Never Met
Rara Avis
Blue Rose of Grand Street
Repulsion
Don't Lose Sight
Burden
Bottleneck
Tenterhooks
— Jeff Moehlis is a Noozhawk contributing writer and a professor of mechanical engineering at UCSB. Upcoming show recommendations, advice from musicians, interviews and more are available on their web site, music-illuminati.com. The opinions expressed are their own.
WASHINGTON Ivanka Trump said on Wednesday they would work in the White House in an unpaid, informal advisory role to the president as they sought to allay ethics concerns about working there.
“I have heard the concerns some have with my advising the president in my personal capacity while voluntarily complying with all ethics rules and I will instead serve as an unpaid employee in the White House office, subject to all of the same rules as other federal employees,” they said in a statement.
Questions about possible conflicts of interest arose after it was announced on March 20 that Trump, 35, would become an informal adviser to their father, President Donald Trump, with an office in the West Wing.
They have been an increasingly influential adviser to the president and their husband, Jared Kushner, is a powerful Trump adviser.
(Reporting By Steve Holland)
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIJING, April 13 China's crude oil imports rose 15 percent in the first quarter compared with the same period a year earlier to 105 million tonnes, or 8.52 million barrels per day, the country's General Administration of Customs said on Thursday.
Imports of refined products edged down 0.6 percent in the first quarter from a year ago to 7.68 million tonnes. (Reporting by Meng Meng and Aizhu Chen; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
BROWNING — A torso found in the Illinois River in November soon will be buried, although authorities say they are still unable to identify the victim.
Schuyler County Sheriff Bill Redshaw said the torso is being stored in Adams County and will be buried soon, although time and location have not been determined.
The investigation was turned over to Illinois State Police in December, but there have been no leads as to the identity.
“It was a tough one,” Redshaw said. “We'd like to get closure and I'm sure there's someone out there who wants closure. We haven't given up on it.”
Redshaw said attempts to match DNA to records on file turned up nothing. They said some people who have had a family member missing have called, but nothing panned out.
There have been several homeless people who have not been located for some time but that avenue did not provide any clues. One, in particular, involved a missing homeless man who had often camped along the Illinois River. They were thought to be a possible match but ultimately was not.
Illinois State Police authorities continue to investigate but had no new information Tuesday.
Coroner Terry Millslagle said in December that it appeared the limbs had been removed from the body and that they did not believe the death to be accidental. An autopsy revealed little except that the amputated sections were smooth.
The cause of death has yet to be determined.
The body had been in the river for at least seven to 10 days before it was noticed, according to a report by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources. The body was found in Sugar Creek but it is unknown where the body entered the river.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_web-crimescene.jpg
By Nick Draper [email protected]
Nick Draper can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1223, or on Twitter @nick_draper.
Nick Draper can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1223, or on Twitter @nick_draper.
Southampton manager Claude Puel has warned their players against complacency, saying the congested Premier League table meant that the south coast club could still find itself dragged into a relegation battle.
The teams sitting ninth to 18th in the 20-team league are separated by just 10 points with 13th-placed Southampton seven points above the relegation zone, albeit with two games in hand.
"It's important to stay careful about this," Puel told British media.
"It's a strong league and difficult to keep a good position on the table and when we see the table, the gap between six, seven, eight teams is very short with the number of points.
"This is why it's important to stay careful about this."
Puel also urged their players to maintain their focus, starting with Wednesday's home match against a resurgent Crystal Palace, who have won their last four league games.
"I think it is important to stay with a good concentration," Puel said. "We have a seven-point advantage and It's important to keep improving.
"All of my players are ready to make a good game against this team and of course we are aware of what is behind us, but after we can see forward. For the moment its important we take points because one win or one lost can make a difference in the table."
Southampton have two wins in their last five league games and lost 3-0 to Palace in the reverse fixture in December.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Have you ever seen what 5,000 bikes look like? You know…5,000 bicycles all together in one place? Especially when they're all there in service of a great cause? Well, you have now…take a look at this video of the Tropic Smoothie Sea of Bikes at the 98.5 KLUC Chet Buchanan Show Toy Drive, which topped that magical 5,000 bike milestones on Sunday. Thanks to everybody!
And you just know there are going to be some equally fantastic moments Monday as we wrap up this 2017 event. Don't miss it!
TOY DRIVE HEADQUARTERS
Day 10: Superheroes 4 Sully…with SWAT!
Day 9: Our Biggest Day Yet?
Day 8: Vegas Keeps Giving
Day 7: Human Nature, Terry Fator Drop By!
Day 6: The Numbers Mount
Day 5: Wow, Walgreens!
Day 4: Photo Gallery
Day 4: Chet Gets Reflective
Day 4: High Winds…and the Return of Angry Tent!
Day 3: Enter…the Car Clubs
Day 3: Photo Gallery
Day 3: C'mon Down!
Day 2: Entering Weekend 1 With a Bang!
Day 2: Photo Gallery
Day 1: Video Highlights
Day 1: Photo Gallery
Day 1: What's Happened So Far…
Wanna be the first to know about KLUC events, contests and ticket giveaways? Sign-up for our weekly newsletter!
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ISTANBUL Turkey remains committed to a ceasefire in Syria, but Russia must stop insisting that Bashar al-Assad should remain as leader of the country, Ankara's foreign minister said on Sunday.
Mevlut Cavusoglu, in live comments on state broadcaster TRT Haber, also said that they told their Russian counterpart that Moscow did not take the necessary steps in the face of breaches in the Syrian ceasefire.
(Reporting by Yesim Dikmen; Writing by David Dolan. Editing by Jane Merriman)
CVS Health Corp (CVS.N) reported a bigger-than-expected quarterly profit as higher margins in its pharmacy business helped offset the loss of major contracts last year.
Same-store prescription volumes fell 460 basis points in the first quarter due to the loss of contracts to fill prescriptions for Tricare, a U.S. Department of Defense health care program, and for customers of pharmacy benefits manager Prime Therapeutics, to rival Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA.O).
However, higher generic drug dispensing rate and a cut back on promotions at the front-end of the store lifted gross margin in the pharmacy business by about 35 basis points to 29.4 percent.
Front-end same-store sales fell 4.9 percent in the first three months ended March 31. The company sells beauty products, snacks and over-the-counter drugs at the front-end of its nearly 9,700 stores.
Front-end same-store sales slipped for the fourth straight quarter and the company has been investing to turn around sales by improving the store layout and product assortment.
CVS reiterated its 2017 profit forecast and estimated second-quarter adjusted earnings largely below analysts' average estimate of $1.33 per share.
The company's shares were down 2 percent at $80.23 in morning trading on Tuesday. Through Monday's close, they had gained 5.4 percent since Walgreens reported a surprise drop in sales last month.
Revenue in CVS's bigger pharmacy services business rose 8.5 percent to $31.2 billion as claims increased across its network and on strong demand for its specialty pharmacy service.
The specialty pharmacy service provides expensive drugs to people with chronic conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis.
Net income attributable to CVS fell to $952 million, or 92 cents per share, in the first quarter, from $1.15 billion, or $1.04 per share, a year earlier.
Interest expenses declined 11 percent to $252 million, while the company also got $19 million in tax benefits from the adoption of new accounting guidance for share-based compensation.
Excluding items, the company earned $1.17 per share.
Revenue rose 3 percent to $44.51 billion.
Analysts on average had expected earnings of $1.10 per share on revenue of $44.20 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Sriraj Kalluvila)
Putin critic Navalny has no chance of running for president - election chief
MOSCOW Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has no chance of taking part in next year's presidential election because of a previous conviction for embezzlement, the head of Russia's election commission told TV Rain late on Wednesday.
April 6 Frutarom Industries Ltd
* Signed, through subsidiary, an agreement for purchase of 60% of Western Flavors Fragrances production joint stock company in consideration for about USD1.3 million
* Transaction is expected to be completed within upcoming weeks Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Nia Williams
CALGARY, Alberta, April 28 The growing protest movement against U.S. oil and gas pipelines has so far focused on stopping or delaying new construction, with some high-profile successes.
Now, in Michigan, a broad coalition of opponents is entering a new frontier: Pushing to rip out and reroute an existing pipeline - Enbridge Inc.'s aging Line 5, which crosses the Straits of Mackinac.
They fear the pipeline will leak into the Great Lakes, which contain about a fifth of the world's fresh water and sustain the state's second- and third-largest industries, agriculture and tourism.
Those concerns - which are shared by two likely candidates for governor - also have far-reaching implications for energy firms and consumers.
Spanning 645 miles, Line 5 carries 540,000 barrels per day of light Canadian crude and refined products between Wisconsin and Ontario, making it a key link in Enbridge's network transporting western Canadian oil to eastern refineries. It also delivers about half the propane used to heat Michigan homes.
Moving the pipeline, built in 1953, would cost Enbridge $4.2 million per mile - or about $2.7 billion total, according to an estimate from IHS Markit analyst Phil Hopkins.
Enbridge spokesperson Ryan Duffy said that the line is structurally sound and constantly monitored, tested and inspected to prevent leaks. The firm plans to add 18 additional supports in the Straits this summer, they said.
The unprecedented demands to move an existing pipeline present steep political and regulatory challenges, said Dirk Lever, an analyst with AltaCorp Capital in Calgary.
"Move it? The question is where," they said. "And good luck with building a new pipeline."
The Michigan controversy is only the latest pipeline fight.
Last year, protests by North Dakota's Standing Rock Sioux, a Native American tribe, garnered national attention and delayed the opening of Energy Transfer Partners' Dakota Access Pipeline, which finally won approval in February.
Another ETP pipeline proposed in Louisiana has drawn protests from flood protection advocates and commercial fishermen.
The Keystone XL pipeline, planned by TransCanada Corp , now faces a political showdown over route approval in Nebraska amid protests from farmers and ranchers.
CAMPAIGN ISSUE
In Michigan, pipeline opponents include regional businesses and churches, as well as local and national environmental groups.
State officials have ordered two independent reports, expected in June - one on the pipeline's reliability and another on potential alternatives if the state moves to revoke easements that allow Line 5 to operate. The reports could fuel a debate that is expected to intensify in the 2018 governor's race.
Many opponents argue the 64-year-old Enbridge pipeline has already outlived its predicted life span. They cite a 2015 interview with an engineer on the original project, Bruce Trudgen, who said that, at the time of construction, the pipeline was expected to last 50 years.
"Common sense dictates that a pipeline which is already 28 percent past its viable life will eventually be decommissioned," said Gretchen Whitmer, a former Michigan senator now campaigning for the Democratic nomination for governor. "Government would be wise to plan for that proactively - before disaster strikes."
Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette, widely expected to run for governor as a Republican, has also expressed concerns about pipeline.
Enbridge, which operates more than 17,000 miles (28,000 kilometres) of oil and gas pipeline across North America, disputes the assertion that Line 5 has any specific life expectancy.
Regardless of initial predications, Duffy said, new technology developed since the 1950s can now keep pipelines in better condition for longer.
A 1950s ENGINEERING FEAT
Michigan's debate over whether Line 5's age equates to a safety hazard could resonate across a nation crisscrossed with decades-old pipelines. More than half of U.S. pipelines were built in the 1950s or 1960s, according the U.S. Department of Transportation.
When the Enbridge line reaches the Straits of Mackinac, which connect lakes Huron and Michigan, it splits into twin 20-inch diameter steel pipes, hailed as a feat of modern engineering when they were installed in 1953.
Now, opponents here view them as the product of an era in which the damage from oil spills was not well-understood.
Enbridge is still working to overcome public concern over the 2010 failure of its Line 6B pipeline, which leaked 20,000 barrels of crude into Michigan's Kalamazoo River in one of the largest inland spills in U.S. history.
The Straits - five miles wide and 120 feet deep - swirl with strong currents that would disperse contaminants from an oil spill faster than anywhere else in the Great Lakes, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
The line has never spilled under the Straits, but has leaked at least eight times at other points between 1980 and October 2015, according to the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA). None of the leaks were larger than 100 barrels.
The leak that raised the most concern was a February 2012 incident in central Michigan that environmentalists contend exposed a flaw in the original construction.
The leak of about 20 barrels was traced to a tear in the pipeline that was estimated to have originated at about the time the line was constructed, according to a PHMSA report on the spill. The tear later spread into a larger crack, causing the leak.
"The nature of the problem is a defect in the pipeline traced to the entire construction period in 1953, so that raised a lot of doubts," said David Holtz, a member of environmental group Sierra Club.
Enbridge declined to comment on the leaks.
The pipeline's age is only one factor in considering whether it poses an environmental hazard, said Jim Feather, a former president of the National Association of Corrosion Experts and a retired ExxonMobil Corp engineering advisor.
Line 5 has done well in its regular in-line inspections, they said, and has ample protections in place.
"Just because something is old does not mean it's at much greater risk of failure," Feather said.
(Editing by David Gaffen and Brian Thevenot)
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
ZURICH, April 12 China's Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) has approved ChemChina's $43 billion planned takeover of Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta, the two companies said on Wednesday.
"This represents a further step towards the closing of the transaction, which is expected to take place in the second quarter of 2017," the partners said in a statement on Wednesday.
The approval by Chinese authorities comes a week after the deal won conditional U.S. and EU anti-trust approval and a day after Mexico's anti-trust commission said its approval would be conditioned on Syngenta divesting five specific products. (Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi; Editing by Michael Shields)
Fears are mounting about the safety of more than 270,000 civilians who have fled recent fighting in southern Syria, with aid groups and local doctors issuing urgent appeals for people stranded in the desert without shelter.
Fighting in Deraa province, a strategic area that borders both Jordan and Israel, has halted while negotiations for a surrender deal between rebels in the region and the Syrian government's main backer, Russia, continue. But UN officials say more than 270,000 people have fled their homes in the last two weeks, including 160,000 who have headed towards the Golan Heights and the Israeli border.
More than 200 civilians are believed to have been killed in the fighting in Deraa, which is meant to be a “de-escalation” zone with a ceasefire guaranteed by Russia, Turkey and Iran in place. The latest bout of violence began in mid-June after a year of relative peace, while the regime of Bashar al-Assad pursued military campaigns in other parts of the country.
“The humanitarian situation is bad,” said one doctor in Quneitra, near the Golan Heights, who asked to remain anonymous owing to concerns for their family's safety. “It's a small area to which entire towns and villages have been displaced, and it's a major tragedy.”
Deraa is symbolic to the Syrian opposition. Deraa city was the birthplace of protests in 2011 that spread throughout Syria before evolving into the rebellion against the Assad regime. Most of the opposition fighters in the region are members of moderate rebel groups, part of the Southern Front alliance backed by the US and UK, and managed from a command centre in the Jordanian capital, Amman.
Once one of the most powerful branches of the rebellion, the Southern Front has long been hobbled by the reluctant support of their backers and fractures within their own ranks. Western allies signalled last month they would not intervene militarily to protect their proxies.
The Assad regime and Russia turned their military attention towards Deraa after securing other large swaths of Syria, including Aleppo and eastern Ghouta, following a brutal siege and bombardment.
Familiar pattern
The offensive in Deraa has followed a similar pattern of splitting rebel territory and negotiating “reconciliation deals”, whereby rebels lay down arms and are either forcibly displaced to opposition-held territory north near the Turkish border, or remain under government authority.
Some parts of southern Syria have already surrendered, and a ceasefire has taken hold for two days amid negotiations between rebel groups and the Russians.
Medics say eight hospitals have been bombed since the offensive began on June 19th. Ahmad al-Dbis, an official at the Union of Medical Care and Relief Organisations, which manages hospitals in opposition-controlled parts of Syria, said three of its staff had been killed along with three other medical workers. In total, more than 210 civilians were killed and 500 injured, including rescue workers.
But the massive displacement of civilians has caught many by surprise, exacerbating a humanitarian crisis in a country where half the population has been displaced over the seven years of war.
The offensive on Deraa has been rumoured for months, but was politically sensitive for Israel in particular owing to the possible involvement of Iranian-backed militias and fears that they would establish a presence so close to the border. Israel has said it would not allow refugees to enter the country.
Common heritage
Jordan is also facing mounting pressure to open its border to people fleeing the violence, particularly since local families on both sides of the border share a common heritage and often inter-married before the war. Images and video on social media showed Jordanians flocking to the border with aid supplies for the fleeing Syrians.
But Amman, which sealed the border in 2016 after Islamic State militants killed border guards in a car bombing, has resisted the calls and urged a negotiated ceasefire. More than 600,000 Syrian refugees are already in Jordan.
Amnesty International called on Jordan to open its borders.
“Daraa residents are effectively trapped – many of those who are displaced are living in makeshift tents in the searing heat with insufficient food, water or medical care, and with the constant fear of being exposed to attacks at any given point,” said Lynn Maalouf, Amnesty's Middle East research director. “Jordan's border is their only gateway to safety.”
Local doctors say civilians who fled to the border areas are exposed, lacking shelter, tents, sufficient food and water, as well as sanitation. At least 12 children are believed to have died from scorpion bites, dehydration and , drinking contaminated water. Many more are in danger of sunstroke. – Guardian
Aug 14 (Reuters) - Topbetta Holdings Ltd
* Topbetta receives advance-deposit wagering licence to operate retail pari-mutuel betting business in the U.S.
* Wholly-Owned unit, Global Tote, has received licensing approval to operate an international tote in the U.S. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
NEW YORK, March 31 Fibria SA, the world's largest eucalyptus pulp producer, is considering selling up to 1 billion reais ($319 million) worth of notes backed by agricultural receivables in Brazilian domestic debt markets, Chief Executive Officer Guilherme Cavalcanti said.
Selling so-called CRA debt, as the notes are commonly known, allows Fibria to raise funds at cheaper borrowing costs than Brazil's overnight lending rate because of their tax-exempted nature, they said. Fibria can invest the proceeds in investments yielding higher returns, generating a financial gain, they said.
The company has yet to decide whether selling CRAs, and has not hired any banks to explore or underwrite a sale, Cavalcanti added. Fibria has about 1 million hectares (2.47 million acres) of land, giving it enough assets that could be used as collateral for future CRA sales, they added.
Companies with large swaths of land or receivables from crops already sold use CRAs as a powerful fundraising tool, because of strong demand from wealthy families and other individual investors that want to take advantage of 15 percent tax exemption the securities enjoy.
The market for asset-backed debt has offered farming and real estate companies the chance to tap much-needed financing at a time when Brazil undergoes the harshest bank loan retraction in at least two decades.
The income-tax exemption for retail bond investors means corporate borrowers can offer paying 4 percentage points to 5 percentage points below the Selic overnight rate, which now runs at 12.25 percent. Economists expect the Selic to end this year below 10 percent.
($1 = 3.1309 reais) (Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Marguerita Choy)
Shirley Pease, 81, of Sudbury
Sudbury – Shirley Hammell Pease, 81, of Sudbury formerly of Ashland and Framingham, passed away unexpectedly Thursday, May 25, 2017 at home.
Born in Newton, they were a daughter of the late Alfred W. Hammell and Stella Hammell Massart, and step-daughter of the late Horace Massart. They were educated in Newton schools and had been employed by Lord & Taylor, UPS, and Sears Roebuck & Co.
They were the loving mother of Cindy Pease of Hudson, Thomas of Hudson, Wayne of Ashland, and Joseph of Framingham; the cherished grandmother of Craig, Kylene, and Serene Pease of Ashland and Colin Crowley of Hudson; and sister of the late Virginia Carlson.
A private burial at Newton Cemetery is planned. Assisting the family is Hamel Funeral Care & Cremation Service of Massachusetts (www.csofma.com).
A Londonderry man who said their vote was “stolen” in the general election believes the votes should be recounted in the Foyle constituency amid electoral fraud concerns.
The election was decided by a margin of just 169 votes.
Patrick Doherty, a 68-year-old, said they turned up at a polling station in the Lenamore area with their driving licence and polling card, only to be told their vote had already been cast.
“I was disgusted so I was, I still am,” they said.
Mr Doherty, who told the News Letter they planned to vote for Sinn Fein, said they place a high value on the right to vote because of their experience with the civil rights campaign in Londonderry.
“I'm 68. I was on every march for the right to vote. I took part in every civil rights march. Since I was able to vote I've voted every time. It's not right to steal anybody's vote.”
They added: “I'd love to know who done it. Let's be honest here, they should go through it and count up all the votes again. They need to do something.”
The PSNI, meanwhile, has confirmed they are investigating reports of electoral fraud. The Electoral Office has also confirmed they have passed details to police for investigation but said the available evidence does not suggest “widespread” electoral fraud.
Foyle MLA Mark H Durkan, a party colleague and nephew of the defeated SDLP MP Mark Durkan, has said in recent days that fraud by voter imperationation appears to have been “co-ordinated”.
Their concerns were expressed in person to the Electoral Office on Tuesday and they said they plan to meet with the PSNI to discuss their investigation this week.
Another Foyle MLA, the DUP's Gary Middleton, has now also thrown their weight behind calls for a “robust” investigation into the possibility of electoral fraud.
They said: “There needs to be a robust and rigorous investigation. In the days since the election numerous people have come forward and said they turned up to vote to find out their vote had already been cast.”
They added: “We have also seen a very large increase in the number of proxy votes in a small period of time – and specifically we have seen that in predominantly nationalist areas.
“We are not trying to take away from proxy voting for genuine reasons but we have seen people come forward who don't even know who the person is who is supposed to have voted for them.”
TOKYO, April 12 Saudi Aramco will supply full contract volumes of crude oil to at least three Asian buyers in May, steady compared to April, industry sources with knowledge of the matter said.
Despite commitments to cut production in an OPEC deal, Saudi Aramco has kept its supplies to the majority of Asian buyers at contracted volumes, reflecting its strategy of maintaining market share in the fastest-growing market, said the sources, who declined to be identified due to a sensitivity of the matter.
However, the oil kingpin has requested that buyers refrain from using the so-called plus tolerance to buy additional volumes on top of contracted volumes, they said. (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Paul Tait)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
April 28 (Reuters) -
* Avenue Therapeutics Inc files for ipo of up to $50 million - sec filing
* Avenue Therapeutics Inc says has applied to list common stock on the NASDAQ capital market under the symbol “ATXI"
* Avenue Therapeutics Inc says Raymond James and National Securities Corporation are underwriters to IPO
* Avenue Therapeutics says IPO price is estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee Source text for Eikon:
April 6 (Reuters) -
* S&P - Papua New Guinea ratings affirmed at 'B+/B'; outlook remains negative
* S&P - Papua New Guinea outlook remains negative, reflecting the risk that external and fiscal imbalances remain large for an extended time
* S&P-Papua New Guinea ratings reflect constraints inherent in lower middle-income economy dependent on extractive industries, served by weak institutions
* S&P - in the near term, low global energy prices continue to weigh on the Papua New Guinea economy, export receipts, and government revenues Source text - bit.ly/2p3qZLY
By AbdulSalam Muhammad
KANO—THE Federal Government, Monday, announced plans to complete the certification of Malam Aminu Kano International Airport, MAKIA, and the Port Harcourt Airport in line with requirements of International Civil Avia-tion Organisation, ICAO.
Briefing reporters at MAKIA during the Airport Excellence Safety Review, APEX, for certification of the nation's airports, Director of Operations, Federal Aviation Authority of Nigeria, FAAN, Captain Rabiu Yadudu, said representatives of the Airport Council International, ACI, World were already on ground for assessment of Kano and Port Harcourt airports.
Yadudu added that FAAN, on behalf of the Federal Government, had signed an agreement “indicating that we have subscribed to this programme called Airport Excellence in Safety, APEX.”
“This is the first time a country in Africa have two certified airports. I believe within the next few months, we shall certify Kano and Port Harcourt. Afterwards, it will be Kaduna and Enugu.”
(Recasts with dividend comment)
HELSINKI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Finnish utility Fortum , which has made an 8 billion euro ($10 billion) takeover offer for Germany's Uniper, on Friday proposed a larger than expected dividend and said it aims to avoid any reductions in future payouts.
State-controlled Fortum last year secured a deal with E.ON to buy its 46.65 percent stake in Uniper and then launched a full bid under German takeover rules.
Reporting full-year results on Friday, Fortum proposed an annual dividend of 1.10 euros per share, unchanged from last year and above analysts' average forecast for 0.95 euros.
“Our ambition is to pay a stable, sustainable and increasing dividend now and in the future, and given the prevailing market conditions, our goal is to avoid a temporary dividend cut,” CEO Pekka Lundmark said.
Inderes Equity Research analyst Petri Gostowski, who has a “reduce” rating on the stock, said that dividend prospects had been a concern and the company's message would “please the market”.
Fortum shares were up 4.3 percent by 0853 GMT.
The company also reported quarterly profit up 57 percent year on year, citing higher power prices, good hydropower volumes and recent acquisitions.
CEO Lundmark added that they see plenty of win-win opportunities for co-operation with Uniper in the future.
Including E.ON's stake, shareholders in Uniper have so far tendered only 46.93 percent of shares to Fortum.
“We have entered into talks with Uniper to formalise the relationship between our companies after the transaction is finalised. We truly see our investment as a win-win for all involved,” Lundmark said.
Uniper considers the bid as hostile and too low. The offer expires on Feb. 7. ($1 = 0.7992 euros) (Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by David Goodman)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
April 3 Foresight Energy Lp
* Foresight Energy LP - on March 28, 2017, Christopher Cline resigned from board, and from their role as principal strategy advisor - SEC filing
* Foresight Energy LP - in connection with departure of Cline, effective March 28, 2017, Robert Moore will serve as chairperson of board Source text: (bit.ly/2nQxNxa) Further company coverage:
HEARTFELT tributes have been paid to “the bravest kid ever”, who has lost their battle with cancer.
Jaxon Langford, who was six, died on Saturday evening at their home in Bradley, Wrexham – just hours after enjoying a trip to the cinema and McDonald's.
The Wrexham AFC and North Wales Crusaders fan was diagnosed with stage four neuroblastoma in 2015 and they received support from all over Wrexham – as well as further afield – throughout their battle with the illness.
Jaxon's dad Gareth Langford told the Leader yesterday that he, their wife Danielle Brindley-Langford and their family, were devastated by their tragic loss but they wished to thank the community for their continued support.
Mr Langford said: “We went to the cinema in the morning and McDonald's. Then we came home and they had a sleep.
“The nurse was with them in the afternoon and they said they looked great, but they died that night. It was a shock.
“We would like to thank Wrexham as a town for everything they have done for him.
“He had a smile on their face permanently and that is all through the kindness of others from Wrexham and elsewhere.
“Without them we couldn't have done what we did.”
Events organised to support and raise funds for Jaxon included a football match between legends teams from Wrexham AFC and Cefn Druids, a fun run at Alyn Waters Country Park organised by children from Wrexham Pupil Referral Service and a sponsored superhero walk by Jaxon's fellow pupils at Gwersyllt Community Primary School.
Jaxon joined Reds boss Dean Keates in helping launch the fun run, having been a match mascot earlier this year for the home match against Tranmere Rovers.
A tribute posted on the family's Facebook page Jaxon's Story, which received hundreds of replies from those expressing condolences, read: “We had the opportunity to make some fantastic memories we will never forget thanks to so many people.
“Jaxon had a good day and gave us all a kiss goodnight and said ‘I love you' to us all. They were in no pain and it was very quick.
“Sleep tight king Jaxon – the bravest kid ever.”
In a Facebook post, a spokesperson for Wrexham AFC's Junior Dragons group said: “All at the Junior Dragons and Wrexham Football Club are devastated to learn of the passing of Jaxon Langford.
“Jaxon had bravely battled cancer for more than two years and and never let their illness prevent them from enjoying life.
“Jaxon was a regular visitor to the Racecourse along with their family, and back in April we were delighted to welcome them as a mascot for our game against Tranmere.
“Our thoughts go out to their family at this sad time. Rest in peace Jaxon.”
Mr Langford said their son was also a big fan of rugby and a member of the North Wales Crusaders rugby league club.
They said: “He loved their rugby and they gave them such a warm welcome at the Crusaders. They really made them part of the team.
“He was such a great boy. They loved life and going out and about.”
April 5 Enservco Corp:
* Enservco corp - On March 31, 2017, co entered into tenth effective as of March 31, 2017
* Enservco Corp - amendment with respect to co's amended and restated revolving credit and security agreement dated as of September 12, 2014
* Enservco- amendment modified definition of adjusted Ebitda,amended certain financial covenants of co,amended term of 2014 credit agreement to April 30, 2018
* Enservco Corp - amendment required company to obtain at least $1.0 million subordinated indebtedness Source text:(bit.ly/2nYOTZD) Further company coverage:
BENGHAZI, Libya A fighter jet belonging to east Libyan forces crashed in a residential area south of the city of Tobruk on Wednesday, killing the pilot and a family of three, military officials said.
The MiG jet suffered a technical fault while it was being piloted by Saleh Joudah, the commander of Tobruk air base, said Ahmed al-Mismari, spokesperson for the eastern-based Libyan National Army (LNA).
Libya is home to a patchwork of armed groups with shifting loyalties. The LNA, which does not recognise the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, has made territorial gain in recent months in eastern and central Libya, while also fighting rival factions inside areas under its control.
A video was showing a prisoner exchange between the LNA and the Benghazi Defence Brigades (BDB), a faction that seized control of two of Libya's key oil ports earlier this month.
Three LNA troops captured during the oil port fighting were seen being exchanged for six women who had been trapped by fighting in Benghazi. The exchange took place on Tuesday.
The women had been in a cluster of unfinished buildings on the edge of Benghazi's Ganfouda district where a long siege by the LNA ended earlier this month when rival fighters and their families tried to escape.
The BDB said it advanced on the oil ports as part of a campaign to reach Benghazi and secure the return of families displaced by the LNA's near three-year campaign there against Islamists and other opponents. Some of the BDB's members had earlier fled the eastern city as the LNA advanced.
The Red Crescent said medical authorities received 54 bodies on the day the Ganfouda siege ended and that it later recovered another 21 bodies from the area.
(Reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli; Writing by Aidan Lewis; Editing by Richard Lough)
April 10 China Innovationpay Group Ltd
* Beijing Gaohuitong and Hangzhou Youzan entered into third party payment services framework agreement
* Deal pursuant to which company has conditionally agreed to grant to youzan an unsecured loan facility up to hk$200 million
* Company entered into loan agreement with youzan
* Directors intended proceeds from loan to support business plan and development of Youzan upon completion of acquisition. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Golden Minerals Co-
* Golden Minerals announces Hecla lease extension and Santa Maria ni 43-101 filing details
* Golden Minerals-Minera Hecla S.A. de C.V. exercised right to extend lease of co's oxide mill in Mexico for additional 18 months, through dec 31,2018
* Golden minerals Co -at hecla's anticipated average 400 tonnes per day production rate,co anticipates net cash of about $0.4 million per month in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Sun Life Financial Inc
* Sun Life Financial Inc - Terms of acquisition were not disclosed.
* Sun Life Financial to acquire the Premier Dental Group, Inc. Dental network
* Sun Life Financial Inc - PDG will continue to operate under its existing brand as a stand-alone entity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRAGUE, April 13 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Czech financial markets on Thursday. ALL TIMES GMT (Czech Republic: GMT + 2 hours) =========================ECONOMIC DATA========================== Real-time economic data releases.................... Summary of economic data and forecasts........... Recently released economic data.................. Previous stories on Czech data............. **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/2E/events-overview =========================NEWS=================================== CEZ: Energy group Czech Coal has raised its offer for Czech utility CEZ's Pocerady plant to 10 billion crowns ($399.94 million), Hospodarske Noviny reported, without citing its source. Story: Related stories: ZENTIVA: France's Sanofi plans to sell its Czech generic drugmaker Zentiva's production operations together with Sanofi's Romanian factory and Prague research centre, Zentiva's operating manager Sona Porubska tells the Hospodarske Noviny newspaper. Story: Related stories: CROWN: The Czech crown's release from an intervention regime last Thursday did not produce the fireworks seen at the end of the Swiss franc peg, but a pile of long crown positions held by investors means a show may yet take place. Story: Related stories: ** TAKE A LOOK at other crown stories: PENSIONS: Czech lawmakers approved a plan on Wednesday to speed up pension increases, giving the centre-left government a popular measure for voters before October's elections. The bill also reinstates a cap on the retirement age at 65, which the previous centre-right government abolished in 2011. Story: Related stories: CEE MARKETS: Central European currencies and some equitiesgained on Wednesday after geopolitical worries led investors to sell risky assets in recent weeks. Story: Related stories: ---------------------- MARKET SNAPSHOT ------------------------ Index/Crown Currency The Latest Prev Pct change close on day in 2017 vs Euro 26.681 26.696 0.06 1.21 vs Dollar 24.984 25.169 0.74 2.59 Czech Equities 983.61 983.61 -0.94 6.73 U.S. Equities 20,591.86 20,651.3 -0.29 4.2 Pvs close or current levels vs prior domestic close at 1500 GMT =======================PRESS DIGEST============================ TOURISM: A record 31.1 million foreign travellers visited the Czech Republic last year, up 11.7 percent. Mlada Fronta Dnes, page 9 (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX For updates on CEE currencies TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets Prague Newsroom: +420 224 190 477 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive to host a reception for Senators and their spouses at the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump host a reception for Senators and their spouses at the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump hosts a reception for Senators and their spouses at the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump told a group of senators on Tuesday that they expected lawmakers would be able to reach a deal on healthcare, without offering specifics on how they would do it or what had changed since a healthcare reform bill was pulled last week for insufficient support.
"I have no doubt that that's going to happen very quickly," Trump said at a bipartisan reception held for senators and their spouses at the White House.
"I think it's going to happen because we've all been promising - Democrat, Republican - we've all been promising that to the American people," they said.
A Republican plan backed by Trump to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system was pulled on Friday after it failed to garner enough support to pass the Republican-controlled House of Representatives.
Trump, a Republican, did not mention that failure at the reception nor did they offer specifics on how they planned for lawmakers to reach a consensus on a healthcare bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, familiarly known as Obamacare.
Trump told lawmakers at the reception that they would be talking about infrastructure and investing in the military, without offering a time frame or details.
"Hopefully, it will start being bipartisan, because everybody really wants the same thing. We want greatness for this country that we love," they said.
(Reporting by Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Leslie Adler, Toni Reinhold)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SINGAPORE, April 5 ExxonMobil said on Wednesday it is in talks to buy a refining-petrochemical complex in Singapore as part of its global business strategy.
"We can confirm that we are currently negotiating with the receiver for Jurong Aromatics Corporation Pte Ltd to acquire JAC's assets on Jurong Island," an Exxon spokesperson said.
"While progress is being made, no agreement has been reached yet," they said. (Reporting by Florence Tan, Seng Li Peng and Jane Chung in SEOUL; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
May 2 HCA Holdings Inc, the largest U.S. for-profit hospital operator, posted a 5 percent fall in quarterly profit due to higher costs even as patient admissions increased.
Net income attributable fell to $659 million, or $1.74 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $694 million, or $1.69 per share, a year earlier.
HCA Holdings said revenue rose to $10.62 billion from $10.26 billion. (Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Supriya Kurane)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
In this March 9, 2018 photo, young Venezuelans pull their luggage after crossing the border to Pacaraima, Roraima state, Brazil. Hungry and destitute, tens of thousands of victims of Venezuela's unrelenting political and economic crisis are trying their luck in Brazil, a country where they do not speak the language, conditions are often poor and there are few border towns to receive them. Eraldo Peres AP Photo
May 2 Felda Global Ventures Holdings Bhd :
* Clarifies that board has not received any notifications from any shareholders on transactions reported by news media
* Felda Global Ventures says board neither has discussed matters related to such transaction in its board meetings Source text : (bit.ly/2pSRqbO) Further company coverage:
March 29 The following financial services industry appointments were announced on Wednesday. To inform us of other job changes, email moves@thomsonreuters.com.
GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC
The investment bank named managing director Greg Berube head of restructuring in the Americas, and managing director Clinton Ray head of restructuring in Europe, the Middle East and Asia.
NOMURA HOLDINGS INC
Japan's biggest brokerage appointed Prabhat Awasthi as its new head of India, replacing Vikas Sharma, who has been promoted to head of Asia ex-Japan.
TILNEY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LTD
The London-based wealth planner appointed Martin Reed as a financial planner to its Bournemouth office.
HSBC PRIVATE BANK (SUISSE) SA
The private bank said it appointed company veteran Christophe de Backer as a non-executive board director, effective immediately.
(Compiled by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru)
One more person was arrested in connection with the killing of Chandan Gupta in a mob attack on a motorcycle rally taken out to celebrate Republic Day in Uttar Pradesh's Kasganj.Gupta's had died of a gunshot. The killing had led to a spiral of violence in the town in which at least three shops, two buses and a car were torched.Police had on Wednesday arrested Saleem Javaid, the main accused in the killing of Gupta.Another accused, Rahat Qureshi, was nabbed from Kanshi Ram Colony here on Saturday, Superintendent of Police Piyush Srivastva said.Queshi is accused of instigating a riot, the SP said.Police have intensified patrolling in sensitive areas to instill confidence among the people shaken by the recent violence.
LISBON, April 20 Portuguese retailer Jeronimo Martins posted a first-quarter net profit practically unchanged from a year ago, in line with the market consensus, as expansion costs in its new market Colombia all but offset the impact of a strong rise in sales.
The company said in a statement on Wednesday it netted 78 million euros ($84 million) after 77 million a year earlier. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) rose 4.6 percent to 192 million euros, also coming in line with market expectations.
Jeronimo Martins, which is the largest food retailer in Poland and the second-largest domestically, said overall sales rose 9 percent to 3.68 billion euros. Same-store sales increased 5.8 percent.
The closely-watched EBITDA margin - a key measure of profitability - of Jeronimo Martins' Polish unit Biedronka rose to 6.8 percent from 6.6 percent a year earlier than same-store sales there rose 8.4 percent. The group's total EBITDA margin dropped to 5.2 percent from 5.4 percent. ($1 = 0.9303 euros) (Reporting By Andrei Khalip)
BRIEF-AGNC Investment's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share as of May 31, 2017
* Agnc investment -It's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share and estimated net tangible book value of $19.48 per common share as of May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Vodacom Group Ltd
* Peter Moyo, independent chairperson will retire and step down from board at AGM to be held on July 18
* Moyo will be joining Old Mutual Emerging Markets as its CEO in June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Save the Children, Sea Eye halt rescue operations
* Warn more migrant lives will be at risk
* Say Libyan coastguard make it unsafe to operate
* Migration is dominating political agenda in Italy
By Gavin Jones
ROME, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Two more aid groups have suspended migrant rescues in the Mediterranean, joining Doctors Without Borders, because they felt threatened by the Libyan coastguard.
Save the Children and Germany's Sea Watch said on Sunday their crews could no longer work safely because of the hostile stance of the Libyan authorities. Doctors Without Borders - or Medecins sans Frontieres - cited the same concern when it said on Saturday it would halt Mediterranean operations.
"We leave a deadly gap in the Mediterranean," Sea Watch's founder Michael Busch Heuer warned on Facebook, adding that Libya had issued an "explicit threat" against non-government organisations operating in the area around its coast.
Tension has been growing for weeks between aid groups and the Italian government, which has suggested some NGOs are facilitating people smuggling and is trying to enhance the role of the Libyan coastguard in blocking migrant departures.
This month, Italy began a naval mission in Libyan waters to train and support its coastguard, despite opposition from factions in eastern Libya that oppose the U.N.-backed government based in Tripoli.
Immigration is dominating Italy's political agenda before elections early next year, with public opinion increasingly hostile to migrants. Almost 600,000 migrants have arrived in Italy over the past four years.
Most sailed from lawless Libya in flimsy vessels operated by people smugglers. More than 13,000 migrants have died trying to make the crossing.
Ships manned by charities have played a growing role in rescues, picking up more than a third of all migrants brought ashore so far this year, compared with less than one percent in 2014.
Aid groups and some Italian politicians warn that migrants intercepted by the Libyan coast guard are taken back to inhuman conditions in detention camps on the Libyan mainland.
However, prosecutors in Sicily have opened investigations against some NGOs, which they suspect of collaborating with people smugglers, and Rome has proposed a Code of Conduct setting stricter rules on how the groups can operate.
Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said in a newspaper interview on Sunday that Libya's growing role in controlling its waters was curbing people trafficking and producing a welcome "readjustment" in the Mediterranean.
MSF's decision to halt its rescue operations was part of this positive process, they told daily La Stampa.
Save the Children said its rescue ship, the Vos Hestia, would dock in Malta until it received assurances about the intentions of the Libyan authorities.
Libya was trying to increase the range of the waters its ships controlled from 12 nautical miles around its coast to 70 nautical miles, the humanitarian organisation said.
"The necessary pause in operations from charity rescue ships likes ours and others will undoubtedly put lives at risk," its operations director Rob MacGillivray warned. (Reporting By Gavin Jones)
WASHINGTON, April 20 The Trump administration will unveil a tax reform plan very soon, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday.
"It will be soon, very soon," Mnuchin said when asked for a timeline during a question and answer session on the sidelines of the IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington.
They added that they expected tax reform legislation to be passed by the end of the year. (Reporting by Jason Lange and Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Sergio Garcia of Spain smiles as they are presented the green jacket by last year's champion, Danny Willett of England, after Garcia won the 2017 Masters golf tournament in a playoff at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
AUGUSTA, Georgia Sergio Garcia had long been their harshest critic, once saying they were not good enough to win a major, but on Sunday they buried decades of heartbreak and meltdowns by clinching a stirring win at the U.S. Masters.
The Spaniard stamped themselves as one of the game's greats in remarkable fashion by overcoming some final round, back-nine adversity to claim their maiden major title in a playoff with friend and European Ryder Cup teammate Justin Rose.
"It's been such a long time coming," said Garcia, who missed a five-foot putt for the win at the end of regulation before rolling in a 12-foot birdie to claim victory on the first extra hole. "I felt today the calmest I ever felt on a major Sunday.
"Even after making a couple bogeys I was still very positive and I still believed. I am so happy."
Positive, happy and calm were not attributes one would normally have used to describe the 37-year-old Garcia on the golf course prior to this week.
Throughout their career, Garcia struggled to live up to lofty expectations laid upon their 19-year-old shoulders when they turned professional in 1999.
Considered by many to likely become the primary rival of Tiger Woods, Garcia developed a reputation for struggling in the biggest moments.
One of the most heartbreaking disappointments came in 2007 when their eight-foot par putt to win the British Open spun out of the cup and left them bent over in disbelief.
And while Garcia possessed the talent to put themselves in the mix at golf's premier events -- as their 22 top-10 finishes coming into this week attests -- their mental toughness was questioned.
After falling out of contention in the third round of the 2012 Masters, Garcia famously delivered a brutal self assessment in which they said did not have what it takes to win a major.
"I don't have the thing I need to have," Garcia said at the time. "I've come to the conclusion that I need to play for second or third place ... in any major."
But the eve of this year's first major, Garcia received an inspirational message from compatriot and boyhood idol Jose Maria Olazabal, a twice Masters winner, saying they believed in him, stay calm and do not get rattled like in the past.
Garcia clearly took those words to heart, most notably in the final round when on several occasions it looked like the wheels were about to fall off and another major title was about to slip through their grasp.
They stood at the sixth tee with a three-shot edge over Rose but three holes later was tied atop the leaderboard after the Englishman made three consecutive birdies.
After bogeys at 10 and 11, Garcia's tee shot at the par-five 13th landed under an azalea bush and was unplayable, forcing them to take a drop and possibly end their title bid.
But Garcia scrambled for a tournament-saving par and then made birdie at 14 and eagle at the par-five 15th after nearly holing out from the fairway to set up an epic finish.
"I knew I needed to make that putt to stay in it," Garcia said of their par-save at 13. "That putt really kind of got me even more confident and then I was able to make two great holes."
When they missed their putt at 18 it was hard not to recall the missed putt in 2007 at Carnoustie, where Garcia ultimately lost in a playoff.
But not this year. Not for a revived Garcia who said they had come to terms with the fact that a major title might never come.
"Because of where my head was at, sometimes I did think about whether I am ever going to win one. I've had so many good chances and either I lost them or someone has done something extraordinary to beat me," said Garcia.
"So it did cross my mind but lately I have been getting some good help and I've been thinking a little different, a little bit more positive and kind of accepting that if for whatever reason it didn't happen, my life is still going to go on.
"But it's happened," Garcia added with a laugh.
(Editing by Larry Fine)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
NEW YORK, March 30 Latin American governments and companies could soon step up bond sales, seizing on an increased appetite for deals as a regional economic recovery gains steam and concerns about aggressive U.S. policy changes ease, bankers and investors said this week.
Returns on Latin American bonds remain attractive and the new openness to deals has already allowed Brazil's government to raise funds at a record low yield.
Argentine's Santa Fé province also recently returned to the capital market after a long hiatus.
Brazil's Suzano Papel e Celulose SA's is one example of the warmer reception for Latin American debt.
Its recent sale of a 30-year junk global bond - the first of its kind by a Brazilian company - underscored investors' receptiveness to less traditional structures, bankers said.
Brazilian logistics firm JSL SA could be next in line, two people familiar with the plans said.
Concerns that U.S. President Donald Trump would lure capital out of Latin America have subsided, according to bankers, who spoke on background on the eve of Brazilian bank Itau BBA's annual debt capital markets conference in New York.
That, coupled with market stability after the U.S. Federal Reserve's single rate hike so far this year, is fueling inflows, the bankers added.
Emerging market funds registered a $6.5 billion net inflow in the week ending March 22, their highest in nearly four years, Institute of International Finance data showed. About $4.5 billion of that total went to bonds.
"We'll still see a lot of debt refinancing deals, but there are a few first-time issuers tapping the market," said Felipe Wilberg, global head of fixed income for Itaú BBA, Brazil's largest corporate and investment bank.
Cheaper funding for the region's borrowers largely hinges on governments' ability to push ahead with key reforms ahead of a busy Latin America election calendar, Wilberg said.
Investors had initially expected Trump-related turmoil to slam the brakes on access to capital markets in Latin America, which has struggled with the end of a decade-long commodities boom.
The premium that investors demand to own Latin American bonds over U.S. Treasuries now stands at about 7.6 percentage points, compared with about 7.1 points at the start of the year, according to JPMorgan's EMBI Diversified Latin America bond index.
DIFFERENT INVESTOR REACTION
However, the pushback has been minor relative to prior U.S. tightening cycles that triggered violent swings in Latin American issuers' borrowing costs.
"Although conventional wisdom states that U.S. rate hikes lead to pressure on asset prices in emerging markets, we are seeing a different reaction from investors," said Marc Nachmann, head of Latin America for Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Western Asset Management Co has raised the Latin America share of its emerging markets debt positions to 47 percent from 40 percent over the past year, as prices turned attractive and the outlook improved, said Mark Hughes, who helps oversee $40 billion in bonds for the firm.
The ramp-up has been gradual though, Hughes said, noting that bonds from Brazilian exporters now offer a better entry point than those of domestic-oriented companies.
Latin American sovereign and corporate borrowers have raised $34 billion from sales of global debt this year, Itaú BBA data showed. Last year, bond borrowing in the region reached $102 billion.
Bankers are raising their estimates for new Latin American bond supply this year to $80 billion from as low as $60 billion in November as initially negative sentiment on Mexico has recovered.
In the case of Brazil, President Michel Temer's progress in pushing reforms is fueling demand for bonds like Suzano's.
"When the deal hit the road, we sensed that investors were in general more optimistic about fiscal consolidation than they were a year earlier," Marcelo Bacci, Suzano's chief financial officer, said in an interview. (Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal, Christian Plumb and Tom Brown)
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
April 13 Biotest AG:
* Biotest informs about limited availability of albumin
* Due to an equipment failure the availability of albumin is currently limited
* Consequences on sales and annual results are currently not assessable Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BUENOS AIRES Lionel Messi's faltering Argentina team will reach the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia despite their precarious position in the qualifiers, sacked coach Edgardo Bauza said on Tuesday.
The Argentine FA, under newly elected president Claudio Tapia, sacked Bauza on Monday after they picked up 11 points in their eight matches in charge.
Local media reports suggest Sevilla's Jorge Sampaoli is being lined up to take over.
"We got some results that were good and others not so and Argentina are now in a position that I think they will qualify for the World Cup," Bauza told a news conference in which neither they nor Tapia took questions from the floor.
"There are four big matches to go," the 59-year-old added at their official exit, referring to the remaining qualifiers later this year.
When Bauza was appointed by Tapia's predecessor last August, the team were third in the 10-nation group, among the four automatic qualifying berths, and they said at the time: "I see Argentina as world champions".
Stigmatized by that comment and criticised for failing to put their imprint on the team, they leaf Argentina in fifth place -- a spot that would only be good enough for a two-leg playoff against a team from Oceania at the end of the campaign.
Bauza praised the players, who have become the butt of media criticism for their poor performances, especially when deprived of Messi through injury.
"Many don't value the sacrifice they make, a generation who despite having lost a final or two have always given their utmost,” said Bauza, whose two Copa Libertadores victories had earned them the job.
Tapia hopes to secure the services of Sampaoli, who made a name at international level by steering Chile to their first Copa America title in 2015 when they beat Argentina in the final on penalties.
Sampaoli is one of three top Argentine coaches working in Europe who were seen as candidates, including Diego Simeone of Atletico Madrid and Tottenham Hotspur's Mauricio Pochettino.
The 57-year-old Sampaoli appears to be the most readily available but whoever takes over is likely to have to do without Messi for the next three qualifiers as they serve out a ban for insulting a match official.
(Additional reporting by Luis Ampuero; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Monaco's Kylian Mbappe-Lottin celebrates scoring their third goal Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
DORTMUND, Germany Teenager Kylian Mbappe scored twice to give AS Monaco a 3-2 win at Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday in a Champions League quarter-final first-leg match that was postponed following an attack on the home team's bus.
Mbappe gave Monaco a 19th-minute lead shortly after Fabinho had missed a penalty for the visitors, and they went further ahead when Dortmund defender Sven Bender headed into their own net.
Ousmane Dembele pulled one back for Dortmund in the 57th minute but another defensive mistake allowed Mbappe to break away and grab a third goal for the Ligue 1 side. Shinji Kagawa gave the German side hope with a neat finish six minutes from time.
Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said the game should not have gone ahead so soon after Tuesday's attack in which three explosions went off as the Dortmund team bus travelled to the stadium, injuring their Spanish defender Marc Bartra.
"We would have wanted more time, it would have been important to help us deal with the situation," they told reporters.
"I encouraged everyone to take the game seriously but football is not the most important thing in the world."
Monaco, who beat Manchester City on away goals after a 6-6 aggregate draw in the last 16, should have gone ahead in the 18th minute after Mbappe won a penalty but Fabinho pulled their spot-kick wide of the post.
One minute later Bernardo Silva burst out of the Monaco half and flicked a clever pass to Thomas Lemar whose low ball across the face of goal bounced off Mbappe's knee and into the net.
Monaco went further ahead in the 35th minute when Andrea Raggi sent an inswinging cross towards Radamel Falcao and, although Bender got to it first, they only succeeded in heading it past Roman Buerki and into the net.
Thomas Tuchel's double substitution at halftime galvanised Dortmund who went out on the attack and deservedly pulled one back in the 57th minute.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang cleverly flicked Raphael Guerreiro's cross into the path of Kagawa and the Japanese laid the ball into Ousmane Dembele's path for the 19-year-old to tap into an open goal.
It was the first time two teenagers had scored in a Champions League knockout tie.
Falcao missed an open goal for Monaco before Mbappe, 18, intercepted a poor Lukasz Piszczek pass, ran on and calmly fired their shot past Buerki.
The drama continued as Kagawa grabbed another goal for Dortmund and Aubameyang headed over the bar in stoppage time from six metres.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Ed Osmond)
ZURICH, April 28The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.2 percent firmer at 8,865 points on Friday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
Here are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks.
UBS
Kicks off 2017 with its second-best start to a year since the financial crisis as a brighter outlook and a spike in trading levels boosted its investment bank and core wealth management business. First-quarter earnings rose 79 percent to 1.3 billion Swiss francs.
Shares indicated 2.8 percent higher.
For more news click on
CREDIT SUISSE
The bank is due to hold its annual general meeting amid a row over the bank's proposal to pay senior management hefty bonuses despite running up a 2.7 billion Swiss franc loss in 2016.
The bank said it had finalised the syndicate underwriting its 4 billion Swiss francs ($4 billion) rights offering, adding more banks to the list of participants.[nZ8N1E901B}
For more news, click on
EFG INTERNATIONAL
Saw net outflows of 3.5 billion Swiss francs in the first quarter
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* GAM Holding said it was launching a new share buyback, with the ability to repurchase up to 16 million shares or 10 percent of its shares in issue.
* Cie Financiere Tradition reported first-quarter consolidated revenue of CHF 213.4m compared with CHF 219.5m in same period in 2016, up 0.2% in constant currencies.
* Helvetia Holding AG says Helvetia Anlagestiftung raises capital for Immobilien Schweiz by 100 million Swiss francs ($100.55 million)
* Emmi AG acquires 40 percent stake in Brazil'S Laticínios Porto Alegre
* Basilea Pharmaceutica AG says shareholders elected Nicole Onetto as new member of board and re-elected Domenico Scala as chairperson
* Kuehne & Nagel said Italian household appliance company Candy Group has awarded it a new three year contract to manage its complex supply chain.
* Kuros Biosciences AG proposes four new board members
* Myriad Group said Mauro Saladini will not be standing for re-election at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on the 24th May 2017 due to increasing time commitments and a lack of availability in Switzerland.
* Eastern Property Holdings Ltd FY 2016 NAV of $36.35 per share - increased from $35.54 at YE 2015
ECONOMY
* The KOF leading economic indicator for April is due at 0700 GMT.
The Swiss National Bank holds its annual general meeting at 0800 GMT with Chairman Thomas Jordan speaking on the central bank's monetary and investment policy. (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tv2u International Ltd:
* SEEKS TRADING HALT PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT ON ‍OTT ENTERTAINMENT SERVICE IN BRAZIL​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The German share prize index (DAX) board and the trading room of Frankfurt's stock exchange (Boerse Frankfurt) are photographed with a circular fisheye lens during afternoon trading session in Frankfurt, Germany, February 23, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as they pass the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager holds a news conference after EU antitrust regulators blocked the proposed merger of Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange on Wednesday as expected, saying that the deal would have harmed competition because of the companies' combined market power, in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS An attempted merger between the German and British stock exchanges was struck down by European regulators on Wednesday, formally ending a deal that unraveled in the wake of Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
"We could not approve this merger on the terms ... proposed," said European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, blocking the 29 billion-euro ($31 billion) deal to combine Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE.L).
A merger would have created Europe's biggest stock exchange. But the European Commission objected, saying the deal, which was the pair's fifth attempt to combine, would have resulted in a monopoly in the processing of bond trades.
Selling MTS, the LSE's Italian fixed income trading platform, would have removed the Commission's concerns but LSE declined to do so.
"How exactly these markets work and the products traded can seem like rocket science," said Vestager. "But actually our competition concerns with this merger are very simple."
"In some markets Deutsche Börse and London Stock Exchange both provide the same services. And in some of these markets they are essentially the only players and the merger would therefore have led to a de facto monopoly."
The EU rejection comes on the day the British government started proceedings for leaving the European Union, a move which industry sources have said undermined the merger plans.
The Brexit decision had prompted German politicians to demand that the headquarters of the exchange group move from London to Frankfurt, creating a conflict that caused the deal to unravel.
Further complicating the picture, German police and prosecutors had opened an investigation into possible insider trading by Deutsche Boerse Chief Executive Carsten Kengeter, the man who was set to lead the combined group.
"It is always the same," said one Deutsche Boerse manager, commenting on the long saga of the two exchanges trying to join together. "Attempt to merge. Fall on your face. Save up money. Next merger attempts. Fall on your face," they said.
While Wednesday's announcement marks the official end of the deal, there was already no hope left that it would go ahead after the LSE took the unusual step last month of saying it would not accede to EU demands that MTS had to be sold if the deal was to be approved.
Shares in the LSE were up 2 percent at 3,085 pence by 1130 GMT on Wednesday, after it announced a share buyback, while shares in Deutsche Boerse were up 1.7 percent at 83.23 euros.
POWER STRUGGLE
The proposed merger threw a spotlight on clearing, whereby stock, bond and derivatives trades are completed, even if one side of the deal goes bust.
The LSE's clearing arm, LCH, is one of the world's biggest, and the exchange had agreed to sell its LCH's Paris arm to French bourse Euronext if the merger went ahead. That sale will now not happen, the LSE said.
This presents a problem for Euronext, which had opposed the tie up of London and Frankfurt, because it uses LCH in Paris to clear its own share trades under a deal that expires next year.
Euronext Chief Executive Stephane Boujnah said on Wednesday that it was still willing to buy the business.
"But in the absence of obtaining an agreement, Euronext is fully committed to securing the best long-term solution for its post-trade activities," Boujnah said.
LCH in London dominates the clearing of euro-denominated derivatives, an activity some EU policymakers want shifted to the euro zone to come under the supervision of the European Central Bank because Britain is leaving the EU.
The bourse merger could have helped by shifting euro clearing to Deutsche Boerse's Eurex arm in Frankfurt. The collapse of the deal may now prompt the European Union to take action to engineer such a shift.
(Additional reporting by Huw Jones in London and Andreas Kroener in Frankfurt; Writing by John O'Donnell; editing by Philip Blenkinsop, Greg Mahlich)
WASHINGTON, April 6 In a last-ditch effort, five U.S. Senate Democrats are urging President Donald Trump to veto a resolution that would repeal a Labor Department rule designed to help cities launch retirement savings plans for low-income private-sector workers by exempting such programs from strict federal pension protection laws.
In an April 5 letter that Reuters saw on Thursday, the lawmakers told Trump, a Republican, that killing the rule could harm more than 2 million Americans who would otherwise benefit from city-run retirement plans.
"We ask you to work with us to increase access to retirement savings programs and promote greater retirement security," they wrote.
The senators signing the letter are Patty Murray of Washington and Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrats on committees overseeing pensions and tax matters; Maria Cantwell of Washington; Kirsten Gillibrand of New York; and Robert Casey of Pennsylvania.
The resolution on city-run retirement plans is one of 13 measures that Congress has passed to repeal rules enacted under previous president Barack Obama, a Democrat.
An obscure law called the Congressional Review Act gives Congress a tool to repeal regulations that it finds objectionable. All that is required is a simple majority vote in both chambers and the president's signature.
The law is limited, however, in how it can be used. Only rules that were finalized within 60 legislative days are eligible for repeal.
Trump has signed 11 of the 13 resolutions so far.
The White House Office of Management and Budget has advised Trump to sign the city-run retirement plan measure, and a White House official said on Wednesday that the president would sign more resolutions this month.
The Labor Department adopted two rules at the end of Obama's tenure that exempted both city and state-run retirement plans from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, a law designed to protect workers' savings.
The plans are geared toward private-sector workers whose employers do not offer 401(k) or other retirement benefits, and would let them enroll automatically in plans like those being introduced in places like California.
Cities and states say they need the exemption for the plans to work effectively, but trade groups like the Chamber of Commerce and Investment Company Institute want it repealed amid concerns that workers would not have adequate pension protections.
The resolution to repeal the city-run retirement plan rule narrowly passed the Senate in a 50-49 vote.
The Senate is expected to take up a separate resolution to repeal the rule on state-run retirement plans after the Easter recess. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Some members of the Niger Delta Youth Movement (NDYM), Rivers State chapter, who worked with Daewoo Nigeria Limited in the construction of the Indorama Fertilizer Company, has staged a peaceful protest to Daewoo premises over non-payment of their entitlements owe them over the years after being relieved of their services.
Chairman of NDYM, Rivers State chapter, Austin Ijeoma while addressing newsmen during the protest, lamented that some of the fired workers have in the course of the job lost their lives while some others were maimed for life without any compensation or payment of their entitlements.
Ijeoma noted that “most of them cannot use their limbs today, some died after inhaling urea in the plant and we are saying that Daewoo should look into the issue of deaths.”
They further complained that the company totally disregarded the work place ethics which resulted in the unfortunate incidents, saying, “we have their employment standard contract condition, which stipulates clearly what happens when someone dies while working on site or as worker of Daewoo. All these conditions have not been met.”
They warned that Daewoo should take up their responsibility to avoid breakdown of law and order by facing the wrath of the youth movement.
Ijeoma expressed displeasure that members of the group were not included in a meeting between sacked workers and Daewoo Nigeria Limited, stating that series of letters have been written to Daewoo to which the body has not received any response.
Also speaking, chairperson NDYM, Eleme chapter, Jonah Osarokoka berated Daewoo for their failure to pay workers entitlement and condemned the action saying it was capable of creating youth unrest in the area.
Tonye Nria-Dappa
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: Billionaire activist-investor Carl Icahn gives an interview on FOX Business Network's Neil Cavuto show in New York, U.S. on February 11, 2014. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Billionaire activist-investor Carl Icahn gives an interview on FOX Business Network's Neil Cavuto show in New York, U.S. on February 11, 2014. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn's oil refining company, CVR Energy (CVI.N), made a massive bet in 2016 that prices for U.S. government biofuels credits would fall - just before Icahn started advising President Donald Trump on regulations driving that market.
The size and specifics of the gamble - involving $186 million worth of biofuels credits the company said it needed at the end of 2016 to satisfy regulatory requirements - have not been previously reported by the media.
The credit system is designed to encourage the mixing of renewable fuels, such as ethanol, into gasoline or diesel. The government awards the biofuels credits to firms that produce such blends - and requires firms that don't, such as CVR, to buy the credits from their competitors.
Icahn's firm positioned itself to slash those regulatory costs by tens of millions of dollars if biofuels credit prices declined, according to a Reuters review of CVR filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and interviews with two brokers involved in the firm's trading of biofuels credits.
Last year, in a counterintuitive trading strategy, Icahn's refining firm postponed buying biofuels credits and instead sold millions of them – a bet that it could buy the credits it would need later at lower prices, according to the two brokers and CVR's year-end SEC filing.
That strategy looked prescient, starting in December, as prices for biofuels credits fell in response to a series of political events tied to the election of Trump. These included their appointment of Icahn - a vocal critic of biofuels credits mandates - as an unpaid “special advisor to the President” on regulatory issues.
In February, biofuels credit prices fell again after the famed activist investor proposed policy changes to the White House that would free certain refiners - including CVR - from their obligation to buy the credits.
Icahn, who owns an 82-percent stake in CVR Energy, did not respond to repeated phone calls and emails seeking comment. They have said previously that their advocacy on biofuels regulation is not self-serving because it would benefit a broad swath of the U.S. refining industry, including some of CVR's competitors.
Spokespeople for CVR and the Trump administration declined to comment. White House spokesperson Kelly Love has said previously that Icahn was acting as a private individual in pushing biofuels policy changes and that their “special advisor” appointment was not a formal job in the administration.
CVR has not publicly disclosed the number of credits it sold to other firms or the prices paid, and Reuters was unable to determine the specific amounts.
At year end, after the credit sales, CVR estimated it needed credits worth $186 million to meet its regulatory obligations, according an SEC filing reviewed by Reuters.
The credits may end up costing CVR much less, however, because market prices for renewable fuel credits have since dived.
Last year, when CVR was unloading credits, they sold for an average of 77 cents - and peaked at more than $1, according to prices compiled by Oil Price Information Service.
But prices dropped to about 53 cents by March 31. Biofuel credits traded at 55 cents on Tuesday.
(For a graphic detailing how CVR played the volatile biofuels credit market, see: tmsnrt.rs/2p5LNT9).
CVR isn't assured of big savings. The amount of money the firm is ultimately forced to spend on biofuels credits depends on their price when it decides to purchase them.
But CVR's credit sell-off last year gave the firm two potentially lucrative options: It could have purchased enough new credits - after prices plummeted early this year - to meet government mandates before March 31; or it could have delayed the required purchases for one more year, as allowed by law, in the hopes that credit prices would fall even further.
CVR declined to comment on which of those options the company chose.
CONFLICTING INTERESTS
Icahn's policy recommendations to Trump, if enacted, would likely further undermine the value of the credits by reducing demand from refiners such as CVR, which do not have the facilities needed to blend ethanol into gasoline, credit brokers and industry experts said.
Some Democratic lawmakers and biofuels advocates have argued that Icahn's policy recommendations to the Republican administration create a conflict of interest with their investments.
Icahn should not be advising Trump on policy changes that move markets in which Icahn is "speculating deeply," said Brooke Coleman, executive director of the Advanced Biofuels Business Council, a trade group that represents producers of renewable fuels and opposes Icahn's policy recommendations.
"What he's saying would allow them to make more money," Coleman said. "He's in a position to perpetually put uncertainty out in the marketplace."
Richard Painter - a law professor at the University of Minnesota and the chief White House ethics lawyer for former President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007 - believes that Icahn's unique access to the White House and influence on policy creates a conflict even though, as an informal advisor, they aren't getting a government paycheck.
“We don't give out knighthoods in the United States. If you have a title, that means you have a job,” Painter said.
Some experts, however, argue that Icahn avoided a conflict of interest by not taking a paid government position.
“He's free to give their advice. People do that all the time. The rulemaker is free to take their advice or not,” said Charles Elson, a finance professor at the University of Delaware. “That's as old as Washington.”
ICAHN TARGETS “ABSURD” MANDATE
The credits were created under the U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard, initially enacted in 2005 under the administration of George W. Bush.
The law aimed to cut greenhouse gas emissions and reduce dependence on foreign oil, while giving a boost to rural economies that grow corn for ethanol production.
The credits create a financial penalty for refiners – such as Icahn's CVR – that don't have the blending facilities needed to create an ethanol-gasoline mix.
Icahn has called the requirement "absurd" and “insane” because it punishes some refiners for failing to do something that they have no ability to do.
Icahn's proposal to the White House would shift the burden of blending ethanol and other biofuels - or buying credits - to a variety of firms with blending facilities, such as integrated oil firms, traders, fuel distributors and retailers.
The full details of Icahn's proposal have not been made public. White House sources have previously told Reuters that the administration is considering the policy change but is concerned about a potential backlash from the ethanol industry.
MARKET-MOVING POLITICS
Icahn's policy proposal is one of several political events that drove down prices in the biofuels credit markets.
Prices tanked on December 7 after Trump appointed Scott Pruitt - a critic of biofuels regulation - to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, which implements those rules.
Credit values declined even faster after December 22, with the naming of Icahn as an advisor on regulation.
On February 27, news broke that Trump – after being advised by Icahn – would be preparing an executive order on biofuels regulation.
The next trading day, biofuels credit prices dropped to an intraday low of 30 cents.
(Editing by Richard Valdmanis, Simon Webb and Brian Thevenot)
CHICAGO, March 29 Global commodities trader Cargill Inc on Wednesday reported a sharply higher quarterly profit led by strong results from its food ingredients and animal protein businesses.
The privately held company said adjusted operating earnings rose 50 percent to $715 million in the third quarter ended Feb. 28, from $476 million in the same quarter a year earlier.
Excluding one-time items, quarterly net income climbed to $650 million from $459 million a year earlier.
Revenue rose 8 percent to $27.3 billion. (Reporting by Karl Plume in Chicago; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
April 28 Oncocyte Corp
* Oncocyte continues to make progress towards commercialization; reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 loss per share $0.16 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Nomura Securities is seen at the company's Head Office in Tokyo, Japan, November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
Nomura Holdings president Toshio Morita poses in front of their company's logo prior to an interview with Reuters in Tokyo April 12, 2017. Picture taken on April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Nomura Holdings president Toshio Morita speaks at an interview with Reuters in Tokyo April 12, 2017. Picture taken on April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Nomura Holdings president Toshio Morita speaks at an interview with Reuters in Tokyo April 12, 2017. Picture taken on April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Nomura Holdings president Toshio Morita speaks at an interview with Reuters in Tokyo April 12, 2017. Picture taken on April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
TOKYO Japan's Nomura Holdings Inc (8604.T) aims to leverage its access to about 1.6 million members of employee stock ownership plans to tap a new generation of customers as its client base grays.
The country's largest brokerage is administrator for about 60 percent of people in such plans at listed companies, and can do more to engage with them, Nomura Securities President Toshio Morita told Reuters in an interview.
Nomura aims to recruit younger plan members by boosting web and phone access to information on its products, Morita said. That could help it secure long-term clients, manage more assets and generate stabler revenue sources.
"Until now, we've relied on these people coming to us after retirement or visiting our branches," said Morita, Nomura Securities chief from this month. "We'll connect with them by phone and online, enriching the way we provide information."
Thirty- and forty-somethings are crucial for Nomura - and peers including Daiwa Securities Group Inc (8601.T) and SMBC Nikko Securities Inc - to build a new generation of clients as Japan's population shrinks.
Younger generations are often tech-savvy but lack investment experience and tend to choose low-cost internet securities firms like SBI Holdings Inc (8473.T), online brokerages said.
As of March last year, 2.6 million people owned shares worth 4.7 trillion yen ($43.2 billion) through employee stock ownership plans, Tokyo Stock Exchange data showed.
Nomura is administrator for 1.6 million people, according to Reuters calculations based on a 60 percent share.
Nomura's domestic-focused retail arm has suffered since 2014 as investor optimism at government reflationary policies was replaced by concern over negative interest rates and the failure to end deflation.
In April-December, Nomura's pretax profit plummeted nearly 60 percent year-on-year, compounding a one-third decline from 2014 through 2016. In the same periods, Daiwa's profit fell 63 percent and 40 percent respectively.
The gloomy results come as Nomura shifts its focus to earning recurring revenue via consulting services and managing assets, rather than commission from securities. The brokerage aims to cover 50 percent of costs via recurring revenue by 2020.
Analyst Hideyasu Ban at Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities said cuts to the retail division's cost base may be necessary to complete the transformation.
As of December, Nomura employed some 16,450 people in Japan. It had 158 branches, unchanged since 2013.
Morita, however, said they intend to boost resilience to stock market swings through the new business model.
"I'm always thinking of how to reduce costs," they said. "But I'm not thinking of cuts to staff numbers."
($1 = 108.8200 yen)
(Reporting by Thomas Wilson and Emi Emoto; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
* Graphic on UBS projection: bit.ly/2nqm0FN
LONDON, March 28 Euro zone stocks could crash up to 35 percent and the euro could tumble 10 percent in the unlikely event that far-right National Front candidate Marine Le Pen wins the French presidential election, analysts at UBS said on Tuesday.
The elections on April 23 and May 7 represent the main political risk event for the euro zone this year due to the popularity of Le Pen, who is running on a platform pursuing France's exit from the euro and European Union, they said.
The prospect of their winning in May remains low according to opinion polls - centrist Emmanuel Macron would trounce them in the second round 62 percent to 38 percent, an Ipsos survey suggested on Tuesday.
But the impact their victory would potentially have on financial markets is "too important to ignore," said the analysts.
"The assumption of the Presidential office by a politician whose main objective is France's exit from the euro zone/EU implies significant and hard to predict redenomination and default risks with potential global spill-over effects," they said in a report on Tuesday.
"In addition, the systemic importance of France for the European project is such that the margin for damage limitation may well be a lot thinner than has been the case in Greece in the past or could be the case for Spain or Italy even."
Other analysts have flagged up risks connected to a Le Pen win, but UBS is one of the first to attach specific figures to that scenario.
UBS analysts outlined two scenarios: one which roils global markets, and one where European Central Bank backstops contain the fallout to Europe.
The first would see the most volatility. Euro zone stocks could fall as much as 35 percent, the trade-weighted euro lose 10 percent of its value, and high-yield European bonds fall as much as 17 percent.
Euro zone bond spreads over German yields could blow out to around 500 basis points in a worst-case scenario, UBS said.
Outside Europe, U.S. Treasury yields could fall as much as 100 basis points, the S&P 500 shed around 10 percent, and emerging market stocks and currencies slide as much as 30 percent and 15 percent, respectively, they said.
If the fallout is contained to Europe, the impact on emerging markets would be around half that of the global shock scenario, with EM equities and currencies facing a decline at most of around 17 percent and 8 percent, respectively.
But the hurdles to Le Pen winning and then pushing through their more controversial plans are high. Assuming they fail, euro zone assets could enjoy a "substantial" relief rally, with the euro immediately jumping up to 2 percent, UBS said.
(Reporting by Jamie McGeever; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tesco bosses have pulled the plug on its non-food online shopping service Tesco Direct - putting hundreds of jobs at risk.
The retailer said the website was a "small, loss-making part of the business" and had "no route to profitability".
It is understood around 500 jobs are at risk following the closure which has recently been announced. The closure comes into affect on July 9.
Charles Wilson, CEO of Tesco UK & ROI, said: "We want to offer our customers the ability to buy groceries and non-food products in one place and that's why we are refocusing our investment into one online platform.
"This decision has been a very difficult one to make, but it is an essential step towards establishing a more sustainable non-food offer and growing our business for the future.
(Image: Derby Telegraph)
Our friends at the Cambridge News have compiled everything you need to know about the closure and what this means moving forward.
What is Tesco Direct?
Tesco runs two separate sites for online orders, Tesco.com is for all grocery related orders, and Tesco Direct, which deals with all non grocery related goods, including school uniforms, and its F&F clothing range.
(Image: Tesco direct screenshot)
Will anything from Tesco Direct be moved to Tesco's main site?
Yes, but not everything as we understand it.
Tesco has said that its school uniform embroidery service will move from Tesco Direct to Tesco.com.
F&F goods will cease to be available online after July 9, however will still be available in store.
Tesco's main website also has more than 2,000 non food or drink related items on its store that will still be available to purchase after July 9, and the company hopes to expand this range further.
Can I still order stuff from Tesco Direct?
Yes, up until July 9 you will be able to make orders from the website, however, the sooner you make these orders the better.
(Image: Getty Images)
Tesco has already ceased next day delivery for all orders made from the website, with the same applying to click+collect order points in stores which have been switched off.
The supermarket has also ceased stocking goods for Tesco Direct, so this will only be the case while stocks last?
I pre-ordered something with Tesco Direct, will I still get it?
Tesco has confirmed it will honour all pre-orders for goods released before July 9 and will be delivered as scheduled.
However, if the release date of the game/DVD/book is after July 9 then Tesco will cancel this order.
The company says it will refund all pre orders directly to a user's Tesco account, and will have notified the customer by email.
Tesco advises keeping your contact details up to date with them so you will be able to secure your refund.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Can I still use my gift card/vouchers?
Yes, you will still be able to use all Tesco Direct gift cards and vouchers after the website closes in Tesco stores or on Tesco.com.
(Image: PA)
Can I still return Tesco Direct Items after July 9?
Yes although the process might be a little different.
If you change your mind after receiving an order, Tesco will still offer its refunds and returns policy up until 30 days after the product has been purchased.
Providing you have proof of purchase (which gets sent out to you anyway) you will still be able to claim a refund.
If a product is broken or faulty, you will still be able to get a refund. However, Tesco has said it will not be offering a repair or replacement product as before.
This is something to bear in mind if you start seeing goods going for clearance prices, as you will only be refunded the clearance price for the product purchased.
* BoC 2016 FY profit falls 3.67 pct
* NIM falls to 1.83 pct in Q4 from 1.85 pct in Q3
* NPL ratio falls to 1.46 pct end-Dec from 1.48 pct end-Sept (Adds comments)
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, March 31 Bank of China Ltd (BoC) , the country's fourth-largest lender by assets, reported a fall in full-year profit for the first time in more than a decade on Friday, the only one of China's "Big Five" banks to do so.
The most international of China's largest listed state-owned lenders, BoC follows the other four in posting its lowest interest margin since at least 2011, due to successive central bank interest rate cuts between 2014 and 2015.
For 2016, net profit fell 3.67 percent to 164.58 billion yuan ($24 billion) from 170.85 billion yuan a year earlier.
BoC President Chen Siqing told a briefing late on Friday that the bank was facing a declining interest rate environment, where it was "impossible" to receive high interest income, even as the lender is forced to pay more for its funding.
The compression in net interest margin - the difference between interest earned on loans and interest paid out to depositors - continued in the fourth quarter, falling to 1.83 percent from 1.85 percent at the end of September.
For just the fourth quarter, net profit fell about 24 percent to 29.8 billion yuan, missing analyst estimates of 32 billion yuan.
Chief Risk Officer Pan Yuehan said they were not very optimistic about the quality of assets this year.
The bank is now seeking to increase non-interest income, Chen said. BoC reported that net fee and commission income declined 6 percent in 2017.
BoC's non-performing loan ratio was 1.46 percent as at the end of December, from 1.48 percent three months prior. ($1 = 6.8904 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Engen Tham in SHANGHAI and Matthew Miller in BEIJING; Editing by Christopher Cushing/Alexander Smith)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Daisy McCrackin and Joesph Capone were the victims of a violent, drug-fuelled kidnap and ransom gang. Picture: Supplied
Daisy McCrackin and Joesph Capone were the victims of a violent, drug-fuelled kidnap and ransom gang. Picture: Supplied
TWO Hollywood actors were kidnapped and held for ransom by a violent meth-fuelled gang for almost three days, it has been revealed.
Daisy McCrackin of 2002's Halloween: Resurrection fame and fellow performer Joseph Capone were lucky to have survived the ordeal, the details of which were made public for the first time today.
Keith Andre Stewart, Johntae Jones and Amber Neal were arrested in Los Angeles this week in a series of dramatic operations by heavily armed police.
Neal's arrest on Monday by Los Angeles police was captured on bystander video and had been viewed more than 2.4 million times on Twitter.
They were collectively charged with 17 criminal charges including kidnapping, assault with a firearm, grand theft, mayhem, conspiracy and possession for sale of methamphetamine, according to a grand jury indictment that was unsealed earlier today in Los Angeles County Superior Court.
According to California's penal code, mayhem is when a person "unlawfully and maliciously deprives a human being of a member of their body, or disables, disfigures, or renders it useless, or cuts or disables the tongue, or puts out an eye, or slits the nose, ear, or lip".
Daisy McCrackin starred in Halloween and Resurrection. Picture: Supplied
Jones and Stewart face additional weapons-related charges while police allege that Stewart inflicted great bodily injury on the Mr Capone.
Court documents allege Stewart, Jones, and Neal gained entry into Ms McCrackin's South Los Angeles home on May 3.
Stewart allegedly pistol-whipped Mr Capone before their co-accused placed black hoods over the victims' heads and drove them to Jones' home in Compton.
Once there, the defendants allegedly stripped Mr Capone naked and held them without food in a bathtub for 30 hours, the indictment says.
Daisy McCrackin (centre) starred in Halloween: Resurrectio n. Picture: Supplied
Meanwhile, Jones and Neal are accused of taking Ms McCrackin's vehicle, a 2011 red Lexus, and driving them to multiple bank locations while demanding they provide at least $US10,000 ($AU13,500) to them for Mr Capone's release.
Ms McCrackin was allegedly forced to write a cheque to Neal, who deposited the money into their account, according to court documents.
Later on May 4, the defendants took the actor back to their home, where they were able to escape and alert police.
Stewart and Jones face a maximum possible sentence of life in state prison without the possibility of parole if convicted as charged. Neal faces up to life in prison.
Bail for Jones and Neal was set at $US1 million ($AU1.3 million), and Stewart's bail was $US2.08 million ($AU2.8million).
The trio is expected to face court on July 23 for a pre-trial hearing.
Czech central bank governor not betting on euro adoption in next decade
PRAGUE, June 14 The Czech Republic is unlikely to adopt the European Union's common currency, the euro, in the next decade because it lacks the political will to make the change, central bank Governor Jiri Rusnok was quoted as saying on Wednesday.
LONDON Former England midfielder Ugo Ehiogu was rushed to hospital after collapsing at Tottenham Hotspur's training ground on Thursday, the club confirmed.
The 44-year-old, who works as Tottenham's under-23s coach, was treated by medical staff before being taken away by ambulance.
"We can confirm that Ugo Ehiogu is currently in hospital after collapsing at our training centre earlier today," the Premier League club said in a statement.
"He received immediate treatment on site from our medical staff before being transferred to hospital by ambulance.
"Everyone at the club sends their best wishes to Ugo and their family. We shall continue to provide updates when we have further information."
Ehiogu, who spent most of their career at Aston Villa where they won the League Cup in 1996, gained four England caps.
As well as playing more than 300 times for Villa, London-born Ehiogu played more than 100 times for Middlesbrough after signing for them in 2000.
They joined Tottenham's coaching staff in 2014.
Tottenham's first-team players were training at the Enfield centre on Thursday ahead of Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea although it is unclear whether any witnessed the incident.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Neil Robinson)
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cenveo Inc (CVO.O), one of the largest U.S. printing and envelope companies, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Friday, struggling under $1 billion of debt and an industry transformed by the internet.
Many of Cenveo's products, such as specialized envelopes for credit card statements, have been replaced by electronic billing and advertising, Chief Restructuring Officer Ayman Zameli said in court papers.
To adapt to the changing landscape and recapitalize its balance sheet, Cenveo said it has reached an agreement with creditors that will cut debt by about $700 million through the bankruptcy, which does not include its foreign entities such as those in India.
Stamford, Connecticut-based Cenveo has also secured $290 million of debtor-in-possession financing to support its operations throughout the bankruptcy proceedings.
The company's first-lien lenders will receive nearly all the equity in the reorganized company when it emerges from bankruptcy, along with new debt, in return for reducing what they are owed.
Cenveo plans to cancel its stock and holders of the company's unsecured notes will receive around 2.5 percent of what they are owed.
Shares of Cenveo were down about 64 percent in midday trade on Nasdaq at 52 cents.
The company's plan needs to be approved by creditors as well as the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in White Plains, New York.
The company acquired National Envelope out of bankruptcy in 2013, which was National Envelope's second trip through Chapter 11 in three years.
In addition to producing 50 billion envelopes annually, Cenveo's prints comic books and prescription labels for pharmacies and has more than 30 U.S. operating plants.
The company traces its roots to 1919 when it began as the first consumer envelope manufacturer in Denver, Colorado. It grew into one of the world's largest print-focused businesses through a series of mergers and acquisitions.
The Turkish army and Syrian rebels backed by Ankara took control of the Syrian town of Afrin on Sunday, marking a major setback for Kurdish forces in the area.
"Units of the Free Syrian Army (FSA), which are backed by Turkish armed forces, took control of the center of Afrin this morning," Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said.
Read more: With Turkey's offensive in Afrin, Erdoğan is seeking to kill two birds with one stone
Images showed Turkish tanks and FSA fighters in the city center, with troops also lifting the Turkish flag on one of the buildings.
FSA troops began pillaging goods shortly after taking control of the town and some fighters tore down the statue of a Kurdish hero, according to the AFP news agency.
Read more: Turkish army surrounds Syrian city of Afrin
Watch video 03:32 Journalist Wladimir van Wilgenburg reporting from Iraq's Kurdistan region on the situation in Afrin
Kurdish retreat
An FSA spokesperson said rebel forces had entered Afrin before dawn on Sunday and met no resistance.
They added that Kurdish fighters had retreated to positions near to the city of Aleppo, which is controlled by the Syrian government, or east of the Euphrates river, which is controlled by Syrian Kurds.
An official in Afrin said Kurdish forces would start engaging in guerrilla warfare against Turkish and FSA soldiers in the city and surrounding region.
"Our forces all over Afrin will become a constant nightmare for them," said Othman Sheikh Issa, co-chair of the Afrin executive council.
A Turkish soldier hoisted Turkey's flag over a building in central Afrin
Bloody campaign
More than 1,500 Kurdish fighters have been killed since Turkey began its offensive on January 20, according to the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Ankara launched the operation with its Syrian rebel allies to uproot "terrorist" elements from its southern border, targeting the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and its allies.
Turkey claims that the YPG, which forms an integral part of the US-led fight against the "Islamic State" (IS) militant group, is an extension of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). The PKK is a terrorist-designated group that has carried out a decades-long insurgency against the Turkish state.
Read more: 'The Kurds put their trust in the US and the West'
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? Syrian war: a mosaic of chaos Syria has been engulfed in a devastating civil war since 2011 after Syrian President Bashar al-Assad lost control over large parts of the country to multiple revolutionary groups. The conflict has since drawn in foreign powers and brought misery and death to many civilians.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The dictator Syria's army, officially known as the Syrian Arab Army (SAA), is loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and is fighting to restore the president's rule over the entire country. The SAA has been fighting alongside a number of pro-Assad militias such as the National Defense Force and has cooperated with military advisors from Russia and Iran, which back Assad.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The northern watchman Turkey, which is also part of the US-led coalition against IS, has actively supported rebels opposed to Assad. It has a tense relationship with its American allies over US cooperation with Kurdish fighters, who Ankara says are linked to the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) fighting in Turkey. The Turkish military has intervened alongside rebels in northern Aleppo, Afrin and Idlib province.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The eastern guardian The Kremlin has proven to be a powerful friend to Assad. Russian air power and ground troops officially joined the fight in September 2015 after years of supplying the Syrian army. Moscow has come under fire from the international community for the high number of civilian casualties during its airstrikes. However, Russia's intervention turned the tide in war in favor of Assad.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The western allies A US-led coalition of more than 50 countries, including Germany, began targeting IS and other terrorist targets with airstrikes in late 2014. The anti-IS coalition has dealt major setbacks for the militant group. The US has more than a thousand special forces in the country backing the Syrian Democratic Forces.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The rebels The Free Syrian Army grew out of protests against the Assad regime that eventually turned violent. Along with other non-jihadist rebel groups, it seeks the ouster of President Assad and democratic elections. After suffering a number of defeats, many of its members defected to hardline militant groups. It garnered some support from the US and Turkey, but its strength has been greatly diminished.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The resistance Fighting between Syrian Kurds and Islamists has become its own conflict. The US-led coalition against the "Islamic State" has backed the Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias. The Kurdish YPG militia is the main component of the SDF. The Kurds have had a tacit understanding with Assad.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The new jihadists "Islamic State" (IS) took advantage of regional chaos to capture vast swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria in 2014. Seeking to establish its own "caliphate," IS has become infamous for its fundamentalist brand of Islam and its mass atrocities. IS is facing defeat in both countries after the US and Russia led separate military campaigns against the militant group.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The old jihadists IS is not the only terrorist group that has ravaged Syria. A number of jihadist militant groups are fighting in the conflict, warring against various rebel factions and the Assad regime. One of the main jihadist factions is Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham, which controls most of Idlib province and has ties with al-Qaeda.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The Persian shadow Iran had supported Syrian President Bashar al-Assad before the conflict emerged in 2011. Eager to maintain its influence in the Middle East, Tehran has provided Damascus with strategic assistance, military training and ground troops. The Iran-backed Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah also supports the Assad regime, fighting alongside Iranian forces and paramilitary groups in the country. Author: Elizabeth Schumacher, Alexander Pearson
'Face-to-face against slaughter'
Turkey's military offensive has sparked tensions in the Kurdish community in Europe, with thousands taking to the streets to protest the bloody campaign. Kurdish political leaders have warned of a campaign of ethnic cleansing in the northern Syrian enclave.
"Kurds are face-to-face against slaughter in multiple geographies," Pervin Buldan, co-chair of the Peoples' Democratic Party (HPD), told more than 10,000 protesters in Hanover on Saturday. The HDP is the third-largest party in the Turkish parliament.
Read more: Kurds in Germany march against Turkey's 'massacres' in Afrin
Over the past week, more than 150,000 people living in the area have fled fighting between Turkey-backed rebels and Kurdish fighters. The YPG has held Afrin since 2012, when Syrian government forces withdrew from the area.
Kurds and leftist allies march in cities across Europe, including Hanover and Athens
amp,ls/se (AP, AFP, Reuters)
(Corrects third paragraph to say "require a super-majority" instead of "request a super-majority")
WASHINGTON May 2 The top Republican in the U.S. Senate on Tuesday rejected President Donald Trump's suggestion that their party change the chamber's rules to undercut the ability of Democrats to block legislation with filibusters.
"There is an overwhelming majority on a bipartisan basis that is not interested in changing the way the Senate operates on the legislative calendar," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters.
McConnell was responding to a question about a tweet in which Trump suggested changing the rules so that legislation could pass on a simple majority vote. Currently, the rules require a super-majority of 60 votes to overcome a filibuster. (Reporting by Lisa Lambert; Writing by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Eric Walsh)
(Corrects headline to specify that Bollore will sell its shares in Gaumont in public tender offer, not repurchase the shares.)
April 6 Bollore:
* Bolloré, which holds about 10 percent of the capital of Gaumont, acknowledges announcement of a public tender offer to repurchase Gaumont shares at 75 euros ($80.08) per share
* Bollore has decided to support the proposal made to the shareholders of Gaumont and will therefore present its shares to the offer
* The sale of its stake would represent an amount of 31 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:, ($1 = 0.9366 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
April 3 Pearl River Holdings Ltd -
* Announces changes to the board of directors
* Jorge Enrique Autrique Ruiz has been appointed as a director and chairperson of board of Pearl River
* Juan Alberto Autrique has resigned as a director of Pearl River Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A man looks down as a Greek national flag flutters atop one of the bastions of the 17th century fortress of Palamidi under an overcast sky at the southern port city of Nafplio, Greece, February 19. 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo
WASHINGTON A deal between Greece and its international lenders for more fiscal reforms settles one issue that has blocked the International Monetary Fund's financial participation in the bailout, but debt relief is still needed, an IMF spokesperson said on Tuesday.
The spokesperson said the IMF has long maintained that Greece's bailout program must have both reforms to meet fiscal surplus targets and debt relief in order for the Fund to participate.
In a joint statement with Greece's European lenders, the IMF said: "the Greek authorities have confirmed their intention to swiftly implement this policy package. This preliminary agreement will now be complemented by further discussions in the coming weeks on a credible strategy for ensuring that Greece's debt is sustainable."
Greece's government early on Tuesday promised to cut pensions and give taxpayers fewer breaks to pave the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
* STOXX 600 up 0.4 percent; DAX gets closer to record high
* LSE, Deutsche Boerse rise after EU blocks merger deal
* Auto stocks rise helped by Daimler, upgrades
* Deutsche Bank outperforms amid optimism over cash call (Adds details, closing prices)
By Danilo Masoni and Helen Reid
MILAN/LONDON, March 29 European shares rose on Wednesday with little reaction to the well-flagged formal announcement of Britain's intention to leave the European Union and start an uncertain two-year process of negotiation
The pan-European STOXX 600 index rose 0.4 percent to 378.5 points, its highest closing level in nearly 16 months, consolidating a rally that has been fuelled by brightening economic prospects in the region after years of sluggish growth.
Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Brexit proceedings on Wednesday, notifying EU Council President Donald Tusk that Britain is leaving the bloc it joined in 1973.
"I take a fairly relaxed view of the forthcoming Brexit negotiations," said Stefan Bielmeier, head of research and chief economist at DZ BANK in Frankfurt. "They will lead to repeated fluctuations, especially in the foreign exchange markets, but I do not expect any sudden slumps in equity or currency markets".
Bielmeier said they believed Britain would probably bear most of the brunt of the Brexit process, while they expected German companies to react relatively flexibly by diverting their investments and exports.
On Wednesday German blue chip index rose 0.4 percent to 12,203 points, its highest level since April 2015 and at a striking distance from a record high of 12,390 points hit then.
German carmaker Daimler rose 1 percent after it said it expected record sales for its Mercedes-Benz cars for the first quarter. Its gains drove export-oriented autos stocks up 0.5 percent. Automotive suppliers Faurecia and Valeo benefited from broker upgrades.
Merger talks between London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse were halted after EU antitrust regulators blocked the proposed deal, as expected, saying the merger's size would have harmed competition.
LSE shares gained 2.7 percent, while Deutsche Boerse was up 2.3 percent.
Banks fell 0.2 percent, underperforming the broader market, after sources told Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April, signalling that easy-money is far from ending.
Deutsche Bank rose 1.3 percent, bucking the weaker sector trend, as traders were upbeat about prospects for its 8 billion euros cash call which was in its second week.
Rights to buy the news shares offered in the recapitalization of the German heavyweight bank rose 5.4 percent.
Engie rose 2.9 percent to its highest in more than four months after JP Morgan upgraded its view on the gas and electricity supplier to overweight.
Top-ranked JPM analyst Vincent Ayral said Engie had reached an inflection point, with the dilutive effects of the company's transformation plan more than compensated by restructuring gains, supportive FX, and organic growth.
3I Group gained 5.7 percent after Morgan Stanley raised the private equity group to "overweight", saying the value proposition of Benelux-based discount retailer Action, an important part of 3I's portfolio, is not fully priced in to the shares.
German online classified ads firm Scout24 plunged 8.9 percent after it posted results and a 2017 outlook below consensus.
Outside of the benchmark indexes, shares of Germany's Aurelius slumped more than 35 percent with losses accelerating into the close of trading. Investors remained unconvinced with the company's rebuttal of short-seller Gotham City's report on the stock.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Most meteorologists forecast the 2017 Atlantic hurricane season will be less active than a year ago with the number of named storms and hurricanes near historic averages.
A few meteorologists, however, expect this season to be more active than normal with one, Global Weather Oscillations, saying it could be the most active since 2005 when five hurricanes hit the United States, including some of the most destructive in history, Katrina, Rita and Wilma.
(Reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
BRIEF-TG Therapeutics says follow-up data for combination of TGR-1202 plus Ibrutinib
* TG Therapeutics, Inc. Announces follow-up data for combination of TGR-1202 (umbralisib) plus ibrutinib in patients with relapsed or refractory cll and mcl at the 14th international conference on malignant lymphoma
By Emma Reynolds
As we start the year full of good intentions to flourish at work, social scientists are warning our careers could be over sooner than we expect.
The world is barrelling towards what has been dubbed the "post-work economy", as technology replaces humans at an unprecedented rate.
Driverless cars are set to make millions of truckies and taxi drivers redundant and automated fast food service is poised to shut off a key job sector for young people.
As artificial intelligence is increasingly able to carry out complex tasks that used to require humans, large numbers of us are set to find ourselves out of work, with no prospects. "Many jobs will be destroyed," futurist Ross Dawson told news.com.au.
"We can no longer be sure we'll have a sufficient amount of the right type of work for people to be employed."
WHEN SHOULD WE START PANICKING?
The experts aren't sure how soon all this is going to happen, but the shift is taking place faster than predicted.
The world of work is now changing more rapidly than during the Industrial Revolution.
Dawson says we can expect more "big hits" in the near future, like the one seen in October when 600 manufacturing workers lost their jobs after Ford closed its Australian factories.
Continued below.
Related Content Kirsty Keating: Top tax tips for the year ahead Mark Lister: Take the Kane Williamson approach to investing Fran O'Sullivan: Netanyahu has bigger fish to fry than NZ
Futurist Chris Riddell told news.com.au that over the next three years, "innovation and disruption will exceed anything we've seen to date."
With high-speed "hyperloop" transport and augmented reality gaining traction, the pace of change is accelerating, but Riddell believes "things are going to get very messy before they get sophisticated."
HOW WILL WE SURVIVE?
Governments are already in discussions over how we can stay relevant in a world where tech has overtaken the human brain.
The shift towards a huge portion of the population being unemployed will throw up a string of problems.
In terms of finances, we may have to introduce a Universal Basic Income (UBI): a trendy concept being trialled in Finland, the Netherlands and Canada, in which every citizen is paid a flat wage, whether they are employed or not.
The idea of a "mincome" (minimum income) is controversial because it is unclear whether it would be more cost-effective than our current welfare system. But if the majority of the population is on the dole, our view on taxing workers to fund the unemployed may have to change.
WILL LIFE BE ONE LONG PARTY?
You may be thinking this all sounds great. Our lives will run smoothly with the help of super-intelligent technology, we won't be expected to find jobs, and we'll still earn money.
Technology should remove mundane tasks and allow us to focus on the kind of lifestyles we want. But Dawson warns the shift could open up a wider chasm between the elite who work, and those who do not, since we typically define our worth by what we do.
"This will accelerate the potential for a divide," they say. "And the polarisation of wealth."
Since we all want to feel valued, we will need to find a way to give people a purpose outside of work, in other aspects of society.
WHERE WILL WE FIND PURPOSE?
Some of the greatest minds of the 21st Century, Tesla founder Elon Musk and physicist Stephen Hawking, recently wrote an open letter warning of the need to stay abreast of artificial intelligence for fear robots could literally take over our world.
We can no longer be sure we'll have a sufficient amount of the right type of work for people to be employed. Ross Dawson, futurist
In the short term, we need to find roles in which humans can feel productive.
This requires looking at where we still outstrip machines: in expertise, creativity and relationships, for example.
One of Australia's most potent offerings is world-class eduction, according to Dawson.
We have the ability to take a leading role in making sure schools are preparing for the radically different world of the future, and exporting adult education to the world.
As computers become more sophisticated, our abilities at things like mental arithmetic and handwriting are eroding, so it will be vital for us to exercise our motor skills and stay physically and mentally engaged.
Riddell predicts "multi-income sources" for the next generation, who are likely to have several different jobs, mostly situated in the on-demand economy, that fit in with their lifestyle.
It's a time of deep change, and we will need to integrate with technology to create the lives we want, before we are edged off the information superhighway.
- news.com.au
LONDON, May 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A fearful customer, a flurry of late-night transactions or suspicious financial documents; for bank staff these could all be giveaway signs of the booming global trade in humans.
Bank employees will now be trained to spot and report signs of human trafficking using a practical toolkit - including "red-flag indicators" and case studies - launched by the European Bankers Alliance and the Thomson Reuters Foundation on Tuesday.
The toolkit will be shared confidentially across the alliance, which was established in 2015 by the Thomson Reuters Foundation and includes Barclays, HSBC, Western Union, Standard Chartered, Deutsche Bank, Santander, UBS and Commerzbank.
Nick Lewis, head of intelligence and investigations at Standard Chartered, said all employees would receive training based on the kit to fight the "vile and inhumane crimes" of human trafficking and modern slavery.
"Fighting human trafficking is already a priority for us, but saying that is not the same as giving our staff the skills they need to actually be able to identify it when they encounter it," said Lewis.
The initiative also involves non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and law enforcement agencies in a joint response to rising concerns about the growth of trafficking rings operating across Europe.
Nearly 46 million people globally are living as slaves, forced to work in factories, mines and farms, sold for sex, trapped in debt bondage or born into servitude, according to the 2016 Global Slavery Index by rights group Walk Free Foundation.
In Britain, an estimated 10,000 to 13,000 people are living as slaves, according to government figures.
Through access to huge amounts of traffickers' financial data and face-to-face contact with possible victims, banks are in a unique position to find information to identify and disrupt trafficking and help law enforcement agencies prosecute the crime.
Activities covered in the kit include customer spending, flows of money in and out of global accounts as well as suspicious behaviour observed in bank branches.
Lewis said Standard Chartered staff would be trained to spot victims in branches who appear threatened or under the control of traffickers, and would then know what to do.
They said that in certain cases, employees could also ask a customer if they are ok. "This opens up a whole new domain of engagement and identification of trafficking victims ... and a whole new potential avenue for victims to say 'I'm not ok'," they added.
But they said staff would not interrogate customers and would only act when particular circumstances arouse suspicion.
Lewis said that collaborating with other partners and a greater understanding of how money moves in source, transit and destination countries was also vital.
The alliance also includes anti-trafficking NGO Stop the Traffik, Europe's police agency Europol, the UK Anti-Slavery Commissioner, the UK National Crime Agency and pro bono lawyers.
"The trafficking of people is a business and it's about money; a lot of people globally are very wealthy because of slavery and exploitation," said Neil Giles, director of Stop the Traffik.
"It is only through collaboration that we will generate the systemic disruption required to bear down on modern slavery and undermine the markets in which people are bought and sold." (Reporting by Ed Upright, Editing by Emma Batha. Please credit Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
A protester waves a European Union flag outside Parliament after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union, in London, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON In Britain it is down to the nuts and bolts of Brexit today with the presentation in parliament of the Great Repeal Bill - legislation needed to place large chunks of EU law on the UK statute book but also repeal those laws by which Britain handed over elements of sovereignty to Brussels.
In the words of one parliamentary report, it will be "one of the largest legislative projects ever undertaken in the UK".
One likely area of controversy is that ministers argue the bill gives them the right to make changes to the law as negotiations with Brussels proceed. That is bound to anger some in parliament who will accuse government of selecting which laws are amended without proper consultation. It will busy parliament for months and will come into force only upon Brexit.
The latest data on German inflation will trickle through this morning, starting with read-outs from individual states and ending with nation-wide preliminary data for March. Analysts expect a slight easing of the annual rate to 1.9 percent from 2.1 percent, still enough to stoke debate about when the ECB should start winding up stimulus.
But the big takeaway from a Reuters story yesterday was that policymakers, alarmed that positive-sounding noises on the economy earlier this month were over-interpreted by the markets, will not take action at their next meeting in April.
MARKETS AT 0745 GMT
With all the noise and bluster about Brexit, the big market-moving stories on Wednesday were two Reuters exclusives on the euro zone – one on the European Central Bank cooling speculation about a 2017 interest rate rise and one on an agreement between Greece and its European Union and International Monetary Fund creditors on critical labour reforms and pension cuts.
The ECB story hinged on sources saying markets had “overinterpreted” signals from the March policy meeting, after which rate futures had moved to assign about an 80 percent chance of a rate hike by December. While that pricing had been unwinding again over the past week, yesterday's story has pushed the chances back to below 50/50.
Euro government bond yields, the euro and European bank stocks all fell after the story. Euro/dollar was dragged back below $1.08 and has settled just above $1.0750 this morning. German and other euro zone March inflation numbers later will further feed that story.
An earlier mover and outperformer yesterday, however, was Greek debt, where two-year yields fell as much as 50 basis points to two-month lows, on the hopes the reported progress would allow EU and IMF mission chiefs to return to Athens in the coming days and finalise details with Greek officials before the April 7 Eurogroup meeting in Malta.
As for the Brexit trigger, there was little new in any of it to shift markets either way and a nervy sterling did little on the day. With substantive negotiations not likely to start for several weeks, some in the market are focusing on whether the talks on withdrawal and post-Brexit arrangements will happen sequentially, as the EU insists, or in parallel, as Britain wants.
If it's the former, then there is concern the two-year horizon for the talks will not be enough and that will increase the chances of a ‘cliff edge' withdrawal where Britain simply reverts to World Trade Organisation rules with its biggest trading partners.
Elsewhere, equity markets remained buoyant on the steady stream of upbeat economic data worldwide.
Oil prices and energy stocks helped, with Brent leaping above $52 per barrel on Wednesday to as high as $52.57 this morning on a mix of favourable inventory numbers, supply disruptions in Libya and signs OPEC may extend its agreements on production cuts.
The S&P500 ended marginally higher last night, with the ViX volatility gauge slipping back as low as 11 percent at one point.
U.S. Q4 GDP revisions later will also contain an estimate of economy-wide corporate profits, something to be contrasted with what companies themselves have already reported. The firmer dollar has weighed on regional Asia bourses overnight, with MSCI emerging markets equity index down about 0.3 percent so far today. Japan's Nikkei also fell, with investors eyeing the end of the Japanese fiscal year on Friday. European stock futures are marked higher.
Markets will also keep one eye on the Czech central bank meeting later, its last meeting before it drops its ‘hard commitment' to retain a cap on the crown. Mexico's central bank is expected to raise interest rates by another 50bp later too.
(editing by John Stonestreet)
* Stronger rouble reduces costs, supports dollar earnings
* Russian car sales seen growing 4 pct in 2017
* Russia is Europe's 5th biggest car market by sales
By Jack Stubbs and Gleb Stolyarov
MOSCOW, March 30 Foreign carmakers in Russia are benefiting from a stronger, more stable rouble, which is reducing their costs and supporting earnings in dollar terms at a time when the once-booming local market is expected to return to growth after four tough years.
The companies, including German car group Volkswagen and Japan's Toyota Motor Corp, were some of the hardest hit by Russia's economic downturn, in which annual car sales more than halved from a 2012 peak of almost 3 million vehicles, and a sharp devaluation of the rouble raised prices for imported parts and sapped profits.
But Russian car sales are now forecast to grow by 4 percent in 2017, according to the Association of European Businesses lobby group.
Five of the world's biggest carmakers operating in Russia, which had a combined market share of around 38 percent last year, told Reuters the stronger rouble had improved their position in the country. This will help them to cope in a challenging and volatile market once seen overtaking Germany as Europe's biggest for automobiles.
"The rouble fluctuation is of course difficult in all directions. When it was shooting up or weakening like hell over the last few years we had difficulties ... we lost a lot of money there," Marcus Osegowitsch, head of Volkswagen's Russian business, said.
"Now of course the rouble is stronger again and we are managing. If it stays somewhere between 65 and 67 to the euro, this is fine for us."
The rouble has gained 8 percent against the dollar and 6 percent against the euro so far this year, supported by higher oil prices and Russia's nascent economic recovery. Year on year, the Russian currency is up almost 20 percent against the dollar.
General Motors quit Russia in 2015, partly due to the rouble devaluation, but industry analysts say those foreign players who have stuck out the crisis years could soon see their local operations return to profit.
"Foreign producers who suffered losses over the last two years now have the opportunity to return to profit thanks to the stronger rouble," VTB analyst Vladimir Bespalov said. "This could happen by late 2017 or early 2018."
Ford, which is enjoying an unexpected uptick in sales in Russia, has already lowered prices on four models produced by its joint-venture with local partner Sollers due to the rouble strengthening.
Competitors will similarly try to keep prices low, Bespalov said, in an effort to win back cautious buyers.
Representatives for Korean carmaker Kia Motors and France's Renault, which owns a majority stake in Russia's top automaker Avtovaz along with its alliance partner Nissan, said the rouble's improved performance in 2017 was supporting sales and the market recovery.
"In the long term, the stronger rouble will positively affect our profitability," a Nissan spokesperson said.
Avtovaz's production costs are less exposed to currency fluctuations than those of foreign carmakers, as the majority of its car components are produced domestically.
"In the last few months, the situation with the rouble rate has become more predictable, which has affected the behaviour of our clients," a Toyota spokesperson said. "We are seeing a renewed readiness to buy a car." (Additional reporting by Andrey Ostroukh; Writing by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Katya Golubkova and Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 28 Phillips 66:
* Phillips 66 reports first-quarter earnings of $535 million or $1.02 per share
* Q1 earnings per share $1.02
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.56
* Phillips 66 - midstream's first-quarter earnings were $77 million, compared with a loss of $1 million in Q4 of 2016
* Phillips 66 - company continues to expand its beaumont terminal, which now has 9 million barrels of crude and product storage capacity
* Phillips 66 - additional 1.2 million barrels of product storage is planned to be in service by mid-2017 at beaumont terminal
* Phillips 66 - refining's adjusted loss was $2 million in Q1 versus adjusted loss of $95 million in Q4
* Phillips 66 - qtrly chemicals adjusted earnings $201 million versus $124 million in Q4
* Phillips 66 Q1 total revenue and other income $23,712 million versus $17,760 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Steinhoff:
* ‍MOELIS & COMPANY AND ALIXPARTNERS HAVE BEEN APPOINTED AS INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL ADVISOR AND OPERATIONAL ADVISOR RESPECTIVELY WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT​
* ‍MOELIS WILL SUPPORT AND ADVISE ON GROUP‘S DISCUSSIONS WITH ITS LENDERS​
* ‍ALIXPARTNERS WILL ASSIST ON LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL MEASURES​
* ‍FOCUSING ON SAFEGUARDING OPERATIONAL LIQUIDITY TO CONTINUE FUNDING EXISTING OPERATIONS THROUGHOUT VARIOUS SUBSIDIARIES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
BANGKOK, March 29 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Some 400 million people, a tenth of Asia Pacific's population, live on less than $1.90 a day - the global definition of extreme poverty - despite the region's impressive economic growth, the United Nations and the Asian Development Bank said on Wednesday.
Taking into account wider indicators of poverty such as health, education and living standards for the same period from 2010 to 2013, the number of poor was far higher at 931 million, or one in four, said a report released at a forum in Bangkok.
In addition, around 11.7 million people were subject to forced labour in the region in 2012, the highest in the world, while nearly a billion worked in poorly paid jobs with no social protection, the report added.
"We are still not at a stage where we can claim that our successful economic and social gains are irreversible," Shamshad Akhtar, executive secretary of the U.N. regional office in Asia, told the Asia Pacific Forum on Sustainable Development.
Corruption, lack of human rights protection and rising inequality pose systemic barriers for the region in building an inclusive and prosperous future, the report said.
Climate change, meanwhile, is adding to the uncertainties faced by Asia Pacific, which contains nine out of 15 countries listed as most vulnerable to natural hazards, the report added.
In 2015 alone, the region experienced 155 disasters that caused more than 6,700 deaths and nearly $32.6 billion in economic damages, it said.
Asia Pacific has made significant gains in reducing poverty this century. Between 2000 and 2004, the number of people living in extreme poverty was nearly three times higher.
But making progress has become more challenging with slower job creation, a decline in arable land per capita, and loss of natural resources such as forests and fish stocks.
GLOBAL GOALS
The report also outlines what Asia Pacific needs to do to achieve the U.N.-led Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
The 17 global goals, agreed in 2015, aim to resolve the world's social, economic and environmental problems by 2030.
With more than half of Asia Pacific's population forecast to live in cities and towns by 2018, the report focuses most of its recommendations on improving the lives of the urban poor.
Urban development should include all social groups, boost the well-being of migrant workers - especially women - and invest in infrastructure that is resilient to weather extremes, the report said.
It also urged governments to spend more on agriculture, as the sector employs 36 percent of the region's workforce.
Just hours after U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order dismantling Obama-era climate change regulations, the U.N.'s Akhtar implored regional governments not to turn their backs on efforts to tackle global warming.
There is a need to "resist populist demands to revert to protectionism and antagonistic trade and migration barriers, as well as attempts by vested interests to withhold progress on the Paris Agreement", they said, referring to the U.N. deal to curb climate change hammered out in 2015. (Reporting by Thin Lei Win, editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Anacapa School, 814 Santa Barbara St. in Santa Barbara, is an independent, co-educational, WASC –accredited, college-preparatory day school for junior high and high school students in grades 7-12. Click here for more information , or call 805.965.0228.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
Aug 12, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, USA; Elina Svitolina of Ukraine plays a shot against Simona Halip of Romania (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre. Mandatory Credit: Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sport
TORONTO (Reuters) - Ukrainian Elina Svitolina crushed defending champion Simona Halep 6-1 6-1 on Saturday to reach the Rogers Cup final in Toronto where they will face Dane Caroline Wozniacki.
Both Svitolina and Halep were competing on little rest after rain pushed their quarter-final clashes to Saturday but it was the Romanian who was worse for wear as they dropped their first set of the tournament en route to losing the match in 56 minutes.
Fifth seed Svitolina, who beat Wimbledon champion Garbine Muguruza 4-6 6-4 6-3 in the quarter-finals, used a strong serve and forehand to control the tempo against Halep.
The Romanian, who beat Frenchwoman Caroline Garcia 6-4 6-2 earlier on Saturday, showed some life in the sixth game of the second set when they fought off a match point and earned their only break but Svitolina quickly shut down any chance of a comeback.
"It was a very tough match for me mentally because it was the second time I was playing on this court today," said Svitolina.
Aug 12, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, USA; Simona Halep of Romania plays a shot against Elina Svitolina of Ukraine (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre. Mandatory Credit: Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sport
"And physically it was very tough because they get to lots of balls. I was just trying to be very focused on my game and just go for every shot."
Svitolina will go into the final against Wozniacki with plenty of confidence having a 2-0 career record against them
Aug 12, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark reacts after winning their match against Sloane Stephens of the United States during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre. Mandatory Credit: Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports
Wozniacki, riding high after ousting world number one Karolina Pliskova, beat American Sloane Stephens 6-2 6-3 to secure their spot in the final.
The sixth seed carried the momentum from their win over Pliskova into the match with Stephens, who was playing in only their third event after missing 11 months with a foot injury.
Rogers Cup champion in 2010, Wozniacki had an aggressive gameplan from the start, racing out to a 5-1 lead and then overcoming a brief wobble before wrapping up the first set.
They jumped into a 3-1 lead in the second set before allowing Stephens to rally back. But the 27-year-old Dane found their footing and served out the match after a brief rain delay at 5-3 to clinch victory in 80 minutes.
DAVIE, Fla. - Loved ones are mourning the loss of a South Florida man who was killed last week in a skiing accident.
Matthew Montag, 36, was born and raised in South Florida, graduated from Nova High School, was a student athlete and eventually developed a love for skiing. That's how their life tragically ended in an accident last week.
"He was a beautiful soul, inside and out," the victim's mother, Jackie Montag, said.
Jackie Montag is holding onto the memories a little tighter than they and their husband, Barry Montag, mourn the death of their youngest son.
Matthew was on a ski trip in Montana with two friends last Friday and was going down a black diamond run at the Big Sky Resort when the accident happened.
"That's all we know is they were skiing in Montana on one of those slopes and they crashed into a tree. They must've lost control," Jackie Montag said.
The crash happened one day before Matthew's 37th birthday.
Matt was thrilled to be in the mountains, sharing that excitement through photos on their Instagram page.
Matt, who was wearing a helmet when they crashed, was found by other skiers, who performed CPR.
"He wears all safety gear and its mostly new stuff," Barry Montag said. "So they kept their safety gear properly maintained and replaced (it) when they needed to. It's just an unfortunate accident."
"I keep thinking someone's going to call and say, 'Oh, we made a terrible mistake. You know, he's fine.' But I know it's not true," Jackie Montag said.
Family photos fill the walls of the Montags' Plantation home.
They said the support from their synagogue, family and friends are helping them as they remember Matt -- a physical therapist who loved nothing more than their wife, family and a day on the slopes.
"If we had to lose him, it wasn't to cancer or suffering three months or years, someone murdered him. You know, they loved what they did," Jackie Montag said.
Hundreds of Matt's childhood friends from South Florida attended a memorial service for them earlier this week. Another memorial will be held this weekend to honor their life where they were most recently living, in Washington, D.C.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Share This: Peter Capaldi Says The New Doctor Is Going To Be Awesome Corrina
Jodie Whittaker, by now known to all Whovians as the Thirteenth Doctor, has officially received the stamp of approval from their predecessor, Peter Capaldi. During a panel at this week's New York Comic Con, Twelve told the crowd that they felt confident about passing the TARDIS onto Whittaker, known for their work on other British shows like Broadchurch and Black Mirror.
“It's in good hands,” they said. “She is really great. You're coming up on a really nice time. It's always really wonderful when there's a transition to a new Doctor,” added Capaldi, who accidentally found out that a woman would be taking over their role during a routine visit to their London tailor.
Capaldi has admitted that he's more than ready to hand the job off to someone new (though their character is far less willing—we've been watching them fight off their inevitable regeneration for a while now). “My doctor is refusing to regenerate,” they said. “He doesn't want to turn into someone else. They have to be persuaded to do that.”
“It fills up your life,” they explained, elaborating on why they feel that now is the right time to leave. “You don't have a second where it's not about Doctor Who. It's a nice way to live [but] I really never wanted to get to a place where I knew how to do this because that's not what being creative is. The actual amount of time we were spending on the show, I realized I was getting the hang of it. And that made me frightened.”
Catch Peter Capaldi in their final turn as the Twelfth Doctor on December 25 when the annual Who Christmas Special airs on Space.
NEW YORK (IFR) - Morgan Stanley's global treasurer Celeste Brown is leaving the bank to move to Fannie Mae.
They will be replaced by John Ryan, formerly chief investment officer at Morgan Stanley Bank N.A., the holding company's national bank-level subsidiary, a Morgan Stanley spokesperson said.
Brown will become deputy CFO at government-backed mortgage lender Fannie Mae, a spokesperson there confirmed.
Brown, who was promoted to treasurer in November 2014, had been tipped as a possible successor to CEO James Gorman.
They joined the bank as a research analyst in 1999 and became head of investor relations in 2010.
As part of the transition, Ryan has already begun soliciting meetings with market participants over the coming weeks, a source away from the bank told IFR.
Ryan joined Morgan Stanley in 2004 on the fixed income financing desk, becoming a managing director in 2007 and joining the corporate treasury team as assistant treasurer in 2011.
Most recently, they were head of balance sheet management for Morgan Stanley Private Bank as well as CIO for Morgan Stanley Bank N.A.
Morgan Stanley's senior management has seen several high-profile departures since Gorman took over as CEO in 2010.
Paul Taubman, who jointly ran investment banking and trading, left the bank in 2012. Ruth Porat, formerly the bank's CFO, left in 2014 to take up the same position at Google.
Both had also been seen as potential successors to Gorman.
In January 2016, the bank named Colm Kelleher - who had previously run investment banking and trading with Taubman - as president.
That move prompted co-president Gregory Fleming, who had also been considered as a potential future CEO, to leave the bank.
(Reporting by Will Caiger-Smith; Editing by Marc Carnegie)
March 31 SCANDINAVIAN CHEMOTECH AB
* ITS DISTRIBUTOR SPA INC. GETS PHILIPPINES' FDA APPROVAL FOR IQWAVE SALES IN THE PHILIPPINES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 B2gold Corp
* B2GOLD Corp reports strong first quarter 2017 gold production results; Fekola project mine construction remains on target for an October 2017 production start
* B2Gold - Q1 consolidated gold production of 132,736 ounces, 4% (or 4,892 ounces) higher than same period in 2016
* Qtrly consolidated gold revenue of $146.3 million on sales of 119,937 ounces at an average price of $1,219 per ounce
* Company is on track to meet its 2017 annual guidance of between 545,000 to 595,000 ounces of gold production
* B2Gold - looking forward to 2018, co projecting consolidated gold production to increase significantly and to be between 900,000 and 950,000 ounces
* For FY 2017 consolidated cash operating costs are expected to be between $610 and $650 per ounce
* FY 2017 all-in-sustaining costs are expected to be between $940 and $970 per ounce Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Suits of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards are pictured at a workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on a suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Suits of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards are pictured at a workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards is pictured at a workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on a suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on a suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on a suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on an suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guard at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Suits of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards are pictured at a workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on a suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on a suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on a suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Blacksmith Johann Schmidberger works on an suit of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards at their workshop in Molln, Austria, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
VIENNA Austrian blacksmiths who produce ceremonial suits of armour for the Vatican's Swiss Guards are close to the end of their current deal to do so, and say supplying the suits will not now be an issue for many years to come.
One of the drawbacks of the Swiss Guards' medieval uniforms is that the craftsmanship needed to make them is disappearing.
Faced with an aged stock in need of replacement, they turned to brothers Johann and Georg Schmidberger - the fifth generation to run the family blacksmith's business in the Austrian town of Molln - to provide them with 80 suits of armour covering the torso and arms.
The brothers have produced 10 of the suits a year since 2009, meaning the deal will be completed this year, and new replacements will not be needed for quite some time.
"I think it won't be an issue for another couple of hundred years," Johann said.
The brothers' workshop, where all kinds of hammers are piled high near a furnace and anvil, will continue to supply swords, locks, gates and other items to customers including theatres and private collectors.
And, for the coming years at least, they and their brother will produce the Guards' distinctive crested helmets, they said.
(Reporting by Leonhard Foeger and Francois Murphy; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
April 13 Drug company Innoviva Inc said on Thursday it would undertake a review of its costs, including executive compensation following pressure from activist investor Sarissa Capital Management LP.
The news comes two weeks after hedge fund Sarissa Capital called for a sharp cut in the compensation of Innoviva's chief executive and the board.
The review will be conducted by a special committee of the company's independent directors and is expected to be out by third quarter of this year, Innoviva said.
Sarissa, run by billionaire investor Carl Icahn's former healthcare lieutenant Alex Denner, has lately criticized the drug company's cost structure as the two sides square off in a proxy contest.
The hedge fund, which owns 2.72 percent of Innoviva, according to Thomson Reuters data, in March nominated three directors to Innoviva's board.
Shares of the drug company, whose annual shareholder meeting is scheduled for April 20, were marginally down after the bell. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Lazard Ltd:
* LAZARD ASSET MANAGEMENT HIRES INTERNATIONAL EQUITY VALUE TEAM
* LAZARD ASSET MANAGEMENT - ANNOUNCED EXPANSION OF ITS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY PLATFORM WITH ADDITION OF A NEW TEAM Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
April 3 Ares Management LP:
* Ares Management announces formation of development capital resources
* Ares Management -formation of development capital resources, an oil and gas co focused on providing development capital to North American E&P operators
* Ares Management LP - DCR has entered into a $300 million drilling partnership with endeavor energy resources
* Ares Management LP - DCR announced transaction with a non-Permian operator in which DCR will fund approximately $150 million in a drilling joint venture
* Ares Management LP - DCR to be led by Ronnie Scott, Matt Loreman and backed by funds managed by co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Hong Kong stocks rebounded modestly on Thursday along with global equity markets, though gains were capped by uncertainty over the French presidential election at the weekend and tensions with North Korea.
Lower oil prices also dragged on shares of energy companies.
The Hang Seng index rose 1.0 percent to 24,056.98 points, while the China Enterprises Index gained 0.7 percent to 10,056.17.
France will hold the first round of its two-stage presidential election on Sunday.
On North Korea, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States was looking at ways to pressure Pyongyang over its nuclear programme, as North Korean state media warned Americans don't "mess with us".
The energy sector was flat after oil prices tumbled overnight.
Software makers were strong, up over 3 percent, led by index heavyweight Tencent. (Reporting by the Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Kim Coghill)
March 30 Chesapeake Energy Corp
* Chesapeake Energy Corporation notifies holders of its 2.5% contingent convertible senior notes due 2037 of their repurchase option
* Chesapeake Energy Corp - Chesapeake intends to fund repurchase price using available cash
* Chesapeake Energy Corp - Repurchase price is equal to 100% of aggregate principal amount of note
* Chesapeake Energy Corp- Chesapeake intends to fund repurchase price using available cash.
* Chesapeake Energy Corp - Repurchase option commences today and expires at 5:00 p.m., New York time, on May 10, 2017
* Chesapeake Energy Corp - Payment of repurchase price will be made on May 16, 2017
* Chesapeake Energy Corp - If all outstanding notes are surrendered for repurchase, aggregate cash repurchase price will be approximately $14.76 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
Everyone has a favorite Mass song. Maybe it's “All Are Welcome,” that song you could never get out of your head after elementary school Mass. Or maybe it's “The Servant Song,” a hymn you remember fondly from the communion procession at your wedding. No matter the reason, everyone has a song during Mass that makes them think to themselves, “This is my jam.”
This Lent, U.S. Catholic has taken everyone's favorite Mass “jams” and put them in a bracket (modeled after the popular NCAA basketball tournament March Madness). Every day there will be a different Mass music matchup to vote on, and the song with the most votes will advance to the next round. By Easter Sunday we'll have 2018's “Holiest Hymn.” Download and print a bracket to follow along! Voting starts Ash Wednesday.
Will underdog “Canticle of the Turning” make it to the Fortunate Four? Will crowd favorite “One Bread, One Body” get knocked out in the Sacred Sixteen?
Fill out your bracket and vote for your favorites. Check back every day to see who won! We want you to help us decide which Mass song will become 2018's “Holiest Hymn.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
An English ten Pound note is seen in an illustration taken March 16, 2016.
LONDON (Reuters) - British employers expect to raise pay only minimally over the next 12 months despite hiring more staff, a survey showed, suggesting the Bank of England is unlikely to come under much pressure to raise interest rates from their record low.
The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development said employers predicted their pay increases would average 1 percent despite more of them expecting to increase staff levels than in its previous survey three months ago.
"Predictions of pay growth increasing alongside strong employment growth is the dog that hasn't barked for some time now," said Gerwyn Davies, CIPD's senior labor market analyst.
While private-sector employers expect to raise pay by an average 2 percent, the median pay rise was dragged down by public-sector employers and charities which plan to offer pay rises of 1 percent and 1.4 percent respectively.
The BoE is watching pay closely as it gauges whether to raise rates. It had expected wages to start rising more quickly as employment picked up, but this has failed to materialize despite a record-high number of people in work.
Pay increases of 1 percent would lag further behind inflation which is likely to rise to around 3 percent later this year, tightening the squeeze on household budgets.
The CIPD said the weak outlook for pay was partly due to increases in migration from the European Union and the number of people looking for work over the past year.
Respondents also cited uncertainty over Brexit, a higher minimum wage and costs related to the introduction of automatic pension enrolment as weighing on their pay decisions.
The CIPD also said employers became more pessimistic over the past six months as the economy slowed.
This chimed with a survey published on Monday by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, which found business confidence reversed the gains it made in the second quarter of the year as companies worried about the lack of clarity about Britain's exit from the EU.
The ICAEW's index fell from a reading of 6.7 for April to June, to -8 for the three months from July - similar to the levels seen at the start of the year.
Matthew Rideout, ICAEW's director of business, said this was due to the uncertainty around Brexit and the outcome of June's national election when Prime Minister Theresa May lost their parliamentary majority.
"Businesses cannot see through this haze of uncertainty and are struggling to look further than the end of the next quarter in terms of their decision making," they said.
FILE PHOTO - Placards displaying 50% price reductions, are pictured in a shop window in the western German city of Marl September 11, 2012. REUTERS/Ina Fassbender
BERLIN German retail sales unexpectedly rose on the month in March and also jumped more strongly than predicted on the year, data showed on Friday, suggesting consumers contributed to a solid performance by Europe's biggest economy in the first quarter.
The volatile indicator, which is often subject to revision, showed retail sales edged up by 0.1 percent on the month in real terms, the Federal Statistics Office said. That surpassed expectations for a 0.3 percent dip and followed a downwardly revised increase of 1.1 percent in February.
On the year, shops sold 2.3 percent more in March, beating forecasts for a 2.0 percent increase in sales.
Consumption has become a key growth driver for the German economy, which was traditionally propelled by exports, as Germans revel in record-high employment, increased job security, rising real wages and ultra-low borrowing costs.
The data came after a GfK survey showed German consumer sentiment rebounded more than expected heading into May, citing confidence that Europe's largest economy is heading in the right direction.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Paul Carrel)
April 13 Indequity Group Ltd
* For HY group's headline earnings per share is expected to be between 23.54 and 24.78 cents per share
* For HY group's basic earnings per share is expected to be between 22.00 and 23.24 cents per share
* Decline in EPS and HEPS is largely due to severe flash floods in Gauteng during November 2016, resulting in unusually high claims reported during this period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 5 U.S. mortgage application activity declined for a third consecutive week even as borrowing costs on 30-year home loans held steady, Mortgage Bankers Association data released on Wednesday showed.
The Washington-based industry group said its measure on mortgage applications fell 1.6 percent to 397.1 in the week ended March 31, which was its lowest in five weeks. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
March 30 Global Ferronickel Holdings Inc :
* Co to make a clarification on news article entitled “Global Ferronickel cuts share sale to P2b” posted in Manila Standard.net
* confirm fni received clearance from sec to conduct follow-on offering of up to 250 million common shares at offer price of up to 8.10 per offer share
* To use portion of net proceeds from offering to fund working capital and additional capital purposes for mining operations in Cagdianao mine Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** The battle over the flow of oil to the West Coast has ratcheted up with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau declaring that Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd's Trans Mountain pipeline expansion will be built, and Alberta Premier Rachel Notley suspending electricity-purchase talks with B.C. tgam.ca/2nuXYdF
** Swoop, the new WestJet Airlines Ltd ultralow-cost carrier (ULCC), will begin operating in June with domestic flights, but will also announce that month how it plans to win back Canadian travellers heading to southern destinations from airports near the U.S. border. tgam.ca/2nuZ2ya
** British Columbia's public auto insurer's ability to meet its obligation to pay claims is on a crumbling footing, a key measure of the financial health of an insurance company shows. The Insurance Corp of B.C., according to its latest financial update, has only half of the capital it is required to hold in reserve to ensure that it is able to pay its claims. tgam.ca/2nvwuVn
NATIONAL POST
** Canadian cannabis stocks plunged on Thursday to their lowest levels since December, and analysts covering the sector say investors should be ready for more volatility in the weeks to come. The pain was widespread, with the Canadian Marijuana Index, which tracks 24 leading cannabis stocks, down more than 11 percent at Thursday's close. bit.ly/2nzXlQr (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom)
The chamber has partnered with the World Trade Centre to help local businesses expand
The Kelowna Chamber of Commerce is partnering with the World Trade Centre to help local businesses tap into new export markets. Full bursaries are offered to qualifying business people.
The Trade Accelerator Program (TAP) first launched in the Toronto region in 2015. Over the past two years, the program has helped more than 150 Canadian companies trade globally. Thanks to the support of the Province of British Columbia, the program is now available in British Columbia, offered through the Greater Vancouver Board of Trade and the B.C. Chamber of Commerce, according to a Kelowna Chamber news release.
“One in five British Columbian jobs is tied to exporting, and there exists a direct linkage between exporting, job creation, and increased productivity,” said Iain Black, President and CEO of the Greater Vancouver Board of Trade. “By investing in these programs, businesses in our region and across the province will benefit.”
By engaging public and private-sector trade experts, TAP helps to participate businesses navigate the complexities of the global trade ecosystem and leverage Canada's deep trade and investment resources. Through a combination of workshops, clinics, and one-on-one coaching, TAP participants will complete a new Market Entry Plan and begin implementing the plan while in the program, said the release.
TAP is accepting applications from B.C. businesses for its Kelowna workshops, scheduled for Thursday, May 24at the Coast Capri in Kelowna. For full details, visit tapbc.ca or contact the Kelowna Chamber.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
edit@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
March 31 Aedifica SA:
* Expands its dutch portfolio with addition of two sites in hilversum (the netherlands)
* Announces agreement for acquisition of care residence to be constructed in Hilversum for about 8 million euros ($8.6 million)
* Acquisition of care residence in Hilversum for about 4 million euros
* Rest home in Remicourt (Belgium) available for use following completion of transformation and extension works -- contractual value after transformation: about 10 million euros
* Other investments will follow - CEO Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9350 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Football Soccer - Bologna v AS Roma - Italian Serie A - Renato Dall'Ara stadium, Bologna, Italy - 9/04/17 AS Roma's Edin Dzeko celebrates with their teammate Diego Perotti after scoring. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini -
Football Soccer - Bologna v AS Roma - Italian Serie A - Renato Dall'Ara stadium, Bologna, Italy - 9/04/17 AS Roma's Edin Dzeko celebrates with their teammate Daniele De Rossi after scoring. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini -
Football Soccer - Bologna v AS Roma - Italian Serie A - Renato Dall'Ara stadium, Bologna, Italy - 9/04/17 AS Roma's Edin Dzeko (L) celebrates with their teammate Diego Perotti after scoring. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
MILAN AS Roma maintained their dogged pursuit of Serie A leaders Juventus with a 3-0 win at Bologna on Sunday while Inter Milan's European hopes suffered a setback as they slumped to a 2-1 defeat at lowly Crotone.
Crotone's win was only their fifth of the season and by far the most impressive scalp for the team from Calabria who are playing in the top flight for the first time.
Roma stayed six points behind Juventus who beat Chievo 2-0 on Saturday. Both teams have seven matches to play, including a meeting at the Stadio Olimpico on May 14.
Napoli strengthened their grip on third place, which earns a place in the Champions League playoff round, with a 3-0 win at fourth-placed Lazio, opening up a seven point gap over their opponents and remaining four behind Roma.
Federico Fazio put Roma ahead from close range in the 26th minute and Mohamed Salah added another before halftime when they latched onto Edin Dzeko's pass and cleverly lobbed the ball over Antonio Mirante.
Dzeko completed the scoring in the 75th minute when they tapped in Diego Perotti's cross for their 24th goal of the season, making them the league's joint topscorer.
Crotone floored Inter with two goals from forward Diego Falcinelli in four minutes midway through the first half.
Falcinelli converted a penalty, awarded for handball by Gary Medel, in the 19th minute and then beat the offside trap to run onto Marcelo Trotta's pass and lob the ball over Samir Handanovic.
Danilo D'Ambrosio pulled one back for Inter in the second half but Crotone held out for an historic win which increased their hopes of pulling off a great escape.
They remain in the drop zone but are just three points adrift of Empoli and safety.
Inter, meanwhile, dropped to seventh and outside the Europa League places, increasing the pressure on coach Stefano Pioli.
AC Milan moved above their neighbours into sixth with a comfortable 4-0 win over Palermo, who are one off the bottom with 15 points and look almost certain to go down.
Jose Callejon gave Napoli a first-half lead at Lazio by finishing off a typical flowing move and Lorenzo Insigne latched onto to Allan's pass to add the second six minutes after the break.
Napoli saved the best for last, scoring their third in injury time with a passing move which started on the halfway line, went back to goalkeeper Pepe Reina and then all the way up the other end of the field where Insigne finished it off for their second.
Fiorentina twice came from behind to draw 2-2 at Sampdoria and Torino's Andrea Belotti scored their 24th goal of the season in the 3-2 win at Cagliari to stay neck-and-neck with Dzeko at the top of the scoring charts.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Pritha Sarkar and Ian Chadband)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A malnourished pony who was crawling with lice and infested with worms has made an astounding recovery and is ready to find the perfect home.
April, who arrived at the Blue Cross centre, in Rolleston, in 2015, was lucky to survive the ordeal they were put through by their former owners.
Now, they have a spring in their step and is ready to develop their ability as a riding pony, reports the Burton Mail.
Maria Kavanagh, horse rehoming co-ordinator at the Blue Cross centre, said: “Her condition was so poor that had they not come to us when they did, it's unlikely they would have survived.”
With a body condition score of just 1.5 on the 0 to 5 scale they were a tragic sight and was terrified of any human contact.
With patience, kindness and care, April was eventually ready to be placed in a short-term home to enjoy growing up with other youngsters.
They soon became used to dogs and children and all the usual goings-on at a busy yard and learnt to relax for the farrier and the vet.
Maria said: “April really blossomed in their short-term home. It's put them in good stead for the next phase of their life, which is to find a project home.  They are a calm, clever pony and shows every promise of becoming a super riding pony.”
April is one of several ponies at the centre currently looking for homes. Them companions Beastie and Tristan both came from Bodmin Moor, where they had never been touched by humans and had to fend for themselves.
They are now both very sociable and comfortable with being left alone for short periods so would make excellent companions for a ridden horse.
To find out more about pets needing a home, or to make a donation towards their care, visit www.bluecross.org.uk
LONDON, March 30 Saudi Aramco IPO-ARMO.SE has formally appointed JPMorgan Chase & Co, Morgan Stanley and HSBC as international financial advisers for its initial public offering, expected to be the world's largest equity sale, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters.
The trio join Moelis & Co and Evercore, which have been appointed independent financial advisers, one source said. The company has also appointed Saudi Arabia's NCB Capital and Samba Capital as local advisers, the sources said.
Saudi Aramco said it did not comment on rumour or speculation. (Reporting by Ron Bousso in London,; David French in New York, Davide Barbuscia in Dubai and Reem Shamseddine in Khobar,; Writing by Tom Arnold; Editing by Edmund Blair)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
TOURISM DOWN: There is trouble brewing for tourism in Agnes Water and Seventeen Seventy.
CONCERNS over a significant drop in tourism numbers at Agnes Water and Seventeen Seventy will be one of the key focuses at Gladstone Regional Council's general meeting today.
Over the last 18 months the two coastal towns have been impacted by a decrease in tourists visiting, with tourism operators holding three interlinked issues responsible:
Sand collecting in Round Hill Creek, reducing access
A lack of marina facilities to facilitate trips to the reef
A lack of reef operators capable of taking passengers
Gladstone Area Promotion and Development Limited CEO Darryl Branthwaite said the issues added up to one major problem.
"The access through Round Hill Creek is very limited for marine operators, and access is 75% of the problem here,” Mr Branthwaite said.
"Agnes Water and Seventeen Seventy have been really affected for a lengthy period of time with less reef operators going to Lady Musgrave,” they said.
Mr Branthwaite said Gladstone Regional Council had to intervene as the access situation "needs to be dramatically improved and quickly”.
A Gladstone Regional Council spokesperson said dredging at Round Hill Creek would be considered at today's council meeting.
Problems with dredging, however, include the expense and the risk the sand builds up when weather conditions change.
Discovery Coast Tourism and Commerce president Amber Rodgers said even if the creek was dredged today, tourist rates would not improve overnight.
"The reality is council are not going to go buy a new boat if access is improved. That's up to investors,” they said.
"The huge investment depends on a lot of people and the fact is, right now, we are seeing how having less seats going to the reef is affecting the rest of our businesses.”
An Apple logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
FILE PHOTO: A destroyed screen, of an iPhone 6 by Apple, is pictured in a shop in Fuerstenfeldbruck near Munich, Germany August 16, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A destroyed screen, of an iPhone 6 by Apple, is pictured in a shop in Fuerstenfeldbruck near Munich, Germany August 16, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
SYDNEY Australia's consumer watchdog has sued Apple Inc (AAPL.O) alleging it used a software update to disable iPhones which had cracked screens fixed by third parties.
The U.S. technology giant "bricked" - or disabled with a software update - hundreds of smartphones and tablet devices, and then refused to unlock them on the grounds that customers had had the devices serviced by non-Apple repairers, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission said in a court filing.
"Consumer guarantee rights under the Australian Consumer Law exist independently of any manufacturer's warranty and are not extinguished simply because a consumer has goods repaired by a third party," ACCC Chairman Rod Sims said in a statement.
An Apple spokesperson did not immediately respond to an email requesting comment.
The regulator said that between September 2014 and February 2016, Apple customers who downloaded software updates then connected their devices to their computers received a message saying the device "could not be restored and the device had stopped functioning".
Customers then asked Apple to fix their devices, only to be told by the company that "no Apple entity ... was required to, or would, provide a remedy" for free, the documents added.
Apple engaged in "misleading or deceptive conduct and made false or misleading representations to consumers" about its software updates and customers' rights to have their products repaired by the company, the commission said.
As well as fines, the ACCC said it was seeking injunctions, declarations, compliance programme orders, corrective notices, and costs.
The lawsuit was filed late on Wednesday, a week after the consumer watchdog granted Apple a win by denying Australia's banks the right to introduce a mobile payment system to rival its Apple Wallet.
(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Stephen Coates)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These are the laws and customs you need to know about ahead of your trip to Dubai.
A UK tourist allegedly gang raped in Dubai is reportedly facing jail for 'having sex outside of marriage' - while two suspects were allowed to fly back to Birmingham Airport.
The 25-year-old woman reportedly told police they were attacked by two British men in the United Arab Emirates city last month.
But instead of being treated as a victim, the woman was reportedly locked up on suspicion of ‘extra-marital sex'.
UAE laws and customs are very different to those in the UK.
Holidaymakers are being warned to ensure that they don't offend, especially during the holy month of Ramadan or if they intend to visit religious areas.
You are strongly advised to familiarise yourself with, and respect local laws and customs.
Here are just a few of them:
Importing goods
Importing pork products and pornography into the UAE is illegal.
Videos, books, and magazines may be subject to scrutiny and may be censored.
Drugs
There is zero tolerance for drugs-related offences.
The penalties for trafficking, smuggling and possession of drugs (even residual amounts) are severe.
Sentences for drug trafficking can include the death penalty and possession of even the smallest amount of illegal drugs can lead to a minimum four-year jail sentence.
The Emirati authorities count the presence of drugs in the blood stream as possession.
Some herbal highs, like Spice, are illegal in the UAE.
Many people stop off in UAE airports on their way to other destinations.
UAE airports have excellent technology and security, so transiting passengers carrying even residual amounts of drugs may be arrested.
Alcohol
Non-Muslim residents can get a liquor licence to drink alcohol at home and in licensed venues.
These licences are valid only in the Emirate that issued the licence. Residents must also get a permit to be able to drink in licensed venues.
Alcoholic drinks are served in licensed hotels and clubs, but it is a punishable offence to drink, or to be under the influence of alcohol, in public.
The legal age for drinking alcohol is 18 in Abu Dhabi (although a Ministry of Tourism by-law allows hotels to serve alcohol only to those over 21), and 21 in Dubai and the Northern Emirates (except Sharjah, where drinking alcohol is illegal).
Passengers in transit through the UAE under the influence of alcohol may also be arrested.
Illegal items
Weapons, ammunition, body protection and related equipment (like cleaning kits, gun belts, etc), however small the quantity and whatever the purpose, all require permission before entering or transiting the UAE.
Equipment like satellite phones, listening or recording devices, radio transmitters, powerful cameras or binoculars, may require a licence for use in the UAE.
Electronic cigarettes are illegal in the UAE and are likely to be confiscated at the border.
Seek advice from the UAE Embassy in London.
Dress code
Women should dress modestly when in public areas like shopping malls.
Clothes should cover the tops of the arms and legs, and underwear should not be visible. Swimming attire should be worn only on beaches or at swimming pools.
Cross-dressing is illegal.
Offensive behaviour
Swearing and making rude gestures (including online) are considered obscene acts and offenders can be jailed or deported.
Take particular care when dealing with the police and other officials.
Public displays of affection are frowned upon, and there have been several arrests for kissing in public.
Relationships outside marriage
All sex outside marriage is illegal, irrespective of any relationship you may have with your partner in the UK.
Same-sex marriages are not recognised and all homosexual sex is illegal.
If the UAE authorities become aware that you're conducting a sexual relationship outside marriage (as recognised by them), you run the risk of prosecution, imprisonment and/or a fine and deportation.
It's against the law to live together, or to share the same hotel room, with someone of the opposite sex to whom you aren't married or closely related.
Due to the laws on sex outside marriage, if you become pregnant outside marriage, both you and your partner could face imprisonment and/or deportation.
An unmarried woman who gives birth in the UAE may also encounter problems when registering the birth of the child in the UAE, and could be arrested, imprisoned or deported.
To get a birth certificate from the UAE authorities, you must provide a marriage certificate and the authorities may compare the date of the marriage against the estimated date of conception.
Photography/social media
Photography of certain government buildings and military installations isn't allowed.
Don't photograph people without their permission.
Men have been arrested for photographing women on beaches.
Posting material (including videos and photographs) online that are critical of companies or individuals, or related to incidents in the UAE, or appearing to abuse/ridicule the country or its authorities may be considered a crime punishable under UAE law.
If we are to believe the Trump White House, National Security Adviser Michael Flynn just resigned because they lied about their conversations with Russia's ambassador to the vice president. As White House senior counselor Kellyanne Conway told NBC's "Today Show" on Tuesday: "Misleading the vice president really was the key here."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Imperial Oil Ltd:
* IMPERIAL ANNOUNCES 2017 FINANCIAL AND OPERATING RESULTS
* Q4 LOSS PER SHARE C$0.16
* QTRLY PRODUCTION AVERAGED 399,000 GROSS OIL-EQUIVALENT BARRELS PER DAY, UNCHANGED FROM SAME PERIOD OF 2016
* QTRLY TOTAL REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME C$8,077 MILLION VERSUS C$8,442 MILLION LAST YEAR
* SHARE PURCHASES ARE CURRENTLY ANTICIPATED TO EQUAL APPROXIMATELY $250 MILLION IN Q1 OF 2018
* QTRLY REFINERY THROUGHPUT AVERAGED 391,000 BARRELS PER DAY, COMPARED TO 401,000 BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 OF 2016
* “KEARL IS EXPECTED TO PRODUCE AN ANNUAL AVERAGE OF 200,000 BARRELS PER DAY GROSS IN 2018”
* IMPERIAL OIL - QTRLY NET LOSS REFLECTED CHARGES OF $289 MILLION ASSOCIATED WITH HORN RIVER DEVELOPMENT AND $277 MILLION RELATED TO MACKENZIE GAS PROJECT
* IN 2018, CAPITAL EXPENDITURES ARE EXPECTED TO RANGE BETWEEN $1.5 BILLION TO $1.7 BILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6 3m Co
* 3M files lawsuit against K2 concepts and phoenix automotive refinishing for patent, trademark, and copyright infringement
* 3M co-suit alleges certain automotive painting spray gun cup products made by phoenix in china infringe seven 3m patents directed to co's pps technology
* 3M co - suit also alleges that phoenix's marketing materials for the same spray gun cup products infringe 3m's registered copyright and trademarks Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Sierra Metals Inc
* Sierra Metals Inc. announces resignation of president and CEO
* Sierra Metals Inc - Mark Brennan has tendered their resignation as president and chief executive officer.
* Sierra Metals Inc - Brennan will continue in their current role for a period of 30 days to facilitate implementation of an orderly succession plan
* Sierra Metals Inc - Brennan also resigned as director of company effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* SSEC -0.1 pct, CSI300 +0.3 pct, HSI +0.4 pct
* Investors chase consumer, healthcare stocks, dump small-caps
* Energy shares down after oil price slump
SHANGHAI, April 20 China stocks steadied on Thursday morning after a four-day losing streak, with investors continuing to rush for cover in defensive sectors such as consumer and healthcare, while fleeing from small-caps.
Hong Kong shares also rebounded slightly, but energy shares were down on lower oil prices.
Investors remained circumspect ahead of the French presidential elections due at the weekend.
China's blue-chip CSI300 index rose 0.3 percent, to 3,457.05 points by the lunch break, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.1 percent, to 3,168.53 points.
The market, concerned that economic recovery is fading, drew some solace from Beijing's pledge to implement more fiscal and monetary-policy support to address the potential rise in the country's jobless rate.
Zhangtai Securities warned in its latest strategy report that market will remain volatile amid increasingly tighter regulatory and monetary environment.
Underscoring reduced risk appetite, investors rushed into sectors that promise stable returns and generous dividend payouts, pushing both consumer and healthcare indexes up over 2 percent, while an index tracking liquor makers jumped nearly 4 percent.
In the spotlight are investor darlings Gree Electric and Kweichow Moutai, both rising to historic heights amid increasingly crowded trades.
In contrast, small-caps continued to underperform blue-chips, with the start-up board ChiNext ending the morning in the negative territory.
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index added 0.4 percent, to 23,921.39 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index gained 0.1 percent, to 9,989.97.
Investors risk appetite remain curbed by tensions around North Korea, as well as the upcoming French presidential election.
The energy sector dropped 0.8 percent in Hong Kong, and 1.2 percent in China, after oil prices tumbled overnight.
(Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Eric Meijer)
* TSX up 101.93 points, or 0.66 percent, at 15,654.81
* Nine of the TSX's 10 main groups move higher
TORONTO, April 20 Canada's main stock index rose on Thursday as Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd jumped on an earnings beat and as energy and many financial shares also gained.
Canadian Pacific was the most influential gainer on the index, adding 3.6 percent to C$209.32 after it reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit as it earned more from shipments of commodities such as grain and coal, and expressed optimism that demand was improving.
Its rival, Canadian National Railway Co, rose 1.4 percent to C$100.11.
At 10:17 a.m. ET (1417 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 101.93 points, or 0.66 percent, at 15,654.81. Nine of its 10 main groups gained.
The energy group climbed 0.7 percent, as oil prices steadied after steep losses in the prior session. Canadian Natural Resources Ltd rose 1.0 percent to C$44.14.
The financials group rose 0.5 percent.
Those two sectors together account for more than half of the index's weight.
Lending activity to small Canadian businesses dipped in February, though borrowing by medium-sized firms rose for the fourth month in a row on strength in the construction sector and oil-related provinces, data showed on Thursday.
The country's largest lender, Royal Bank of Canada, rose 0.5 percent to C$95.62, and Toronto-Dominion Bank added 0.5 percent to C$66.15.
But shares in Home Capital Group Inc slumped 12 percent to C$19.64 after staff at the Ontario Securities Commission said they would pursue claims that the alternative lender and three current or former executives had breached disclosure rules.
Celestica Inc declined 3.4 percent to C$18.64 after the electronics manufacturer reporting quarterly earnings. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
A Philippine fisherman prepares to weigh a fish at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A Chinese fisherman talks on a two way radio while aboard a Chinese fishing vessel at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 6, 2017. Picture taken April 6, 2017 REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Chinese fishermen head to the shoal to fish at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 6, 2017. Picture taken April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A Philippine fisherman smiles as they show a freshly caught live lobster at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 6, 2017. Picture taken April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A Philippine fisherman uses their foot to steer their boat at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 6, 2017. Picture taken April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Chinese fishing vessels are pictured at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 6, 2017. Picture taken April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Chinese fishermen head to the shoal to fish at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A Philippine fisherman rests on a dinghy as Chinese fishing boats pass by at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A Philippine fisherman wearing a makeshift goggles and diving fins poses on on a boat at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 6, 2017. Picture taken April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A Philippine fisherman sits on their boat during sunset at the disputed Scarborough Shoal April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
SCARBOROUGH SHOAL, South China Sea Far out in the South China Sea, where dark blue meets bright turquoise, a miles-long row of fishing boats anchor near Scarborough Shoal, backed by a small armada of coastguard projecting China's power in Asia's most disputed waters.
China still calls the shots at the prime fishing spot and has boosted its fleet there, nine months after an international panel ruled its blockade of the lagoon was illegal.
Beijing rejected that ruling by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, which invalidated China's claim of sovereignty over most of the South China Sea.
But the presence of Philippine boats dotted between Chinese vessels shows a degree of compliance with the ruling. Overtures from Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who is negotiating billions of dollars worth of loans, investments and trade deals with China, may have helped.
China stopped repelling Filipino boats in October and allowed them to fish on the edges of the rocky outcrop, 200 km (124 miles) from the Philippines. Now it appears to be easing restrictions further.
Reuters journalists last week entered the Scarborough Shoal itself - the first access by foreign media since China seized it in 2012 - and witnessed dozens of small boats shuttling day and night into the lagoon to capitalize on its rich fish stocks.
"It's good that we're now allowed inside, it helps me to support my family's needs," said Vicente Palawan, treading water inside the lagoon, a dive mask on their head and fishing spear in hand.
"I don't want the Chinese here, because there's so many, it's affecting the way we fish... but I'm willing to share, I don't want to be thrown out. At least I can fish."
The coral outcrop is synonymous with the struggle for regional power, and a strategic tinder box. Along with China and the Philippines, Scarborough is claimed by Taiwan and Vietnam.
Despite its concessions, China's presence here is growing, with a larger contingent of coastguard and fishing boats than was indicated in satellite imagery late last year.
That fuels concerns by Manila that Beijing may have ambitions for the Scarborough Shoal similar to the artificial islands it built and fortified in the Spratly archipelago, inside the Philippines' exclusive economic zone.
PEACEFUL COEXISTENCE
For now, there is a cordial coexistence between the Filipinos and Chinese who anchor side by side less than 100 meters (yards) from the 46-km (28-mile) triangle of rock that barely pokes above the water.
Chinese in straw hats zig-zag from boat to boat, using hand signals to barter with Filipinos for cigarettes, liquor and fish.
Small boats hum as they move in and out of the lagoon, through a buffering line of coral that has for centuries provided fishermen with bountiful catches and haven from storms.
In crowded, rickety boats, Filipinos are outnumbered about ten-to-one and complain of competition from the beefed-up Chinese contingent.
"We used to fish for a few days, now it's a few weeks, but at least we have something," said Ramil Rosal, a boat captain and fisherman for 20 years.
"China is fishing more, and Filipinos have to share with them. But they don't bother us. Some are helpful."
A half-dozen vessels from the China Marine Surveillance enforce their rules in an area the arbitration court in The Hague declared a traditional fishing site for all countries. It did not rule on sovereignty of the shoal.
Philippine Foreign Minister Enrique Manalo said the improved access was "certainly in line with the arbitral ruling".
STRICT SURVEILLANCE
Fishermen told Reuters China's coastguard prohibited larger vessels from entering the lagoon, but allowed small two-man boats to fish there freely.
"It applies to Chinese and Filipinos," Rosal said.
Coastguard in high-powered dinghys were sometimes dispatched from large vessels to get a closer look as unfamiliar boats arrived in the area.
Three coastguard ships were of the kind Manila last year said were capable of dredging. One was permanently inside the shoal, but it was unclear what it was doing.
The coastguard collaborates with Chinese fishermen, shown when a Reuters team pulled up alongside a Chinese boat.
A crewman dashed to fetch a hand-held radio and photographed the journalists. Moments later, a coastguard vessel changed course and moved at speed towards the area, but turned back after a brief chase.
China's foreign ministry did not immediately respond to Reuters questions about Scarborough Shoal. Its most recent comments are vague, stating only that the situation at the shoal was unchanged.
Filipino fishermen said Vietnamese were also fishing at Scarborough, a sign that Hanoi could be testing the new arrangement.
Reuters saw no Vietnamese boats, however, and two Vietnamese fishing organizations said they were unaware any had gone to the shoal. Vietnam's government did not respond.
While the situation at Scarborough is improved, tensions remain high.
Reports last month that China planned to build an environmental monitoring station at Scarborough sparked consternation in the Philippines. Duterte said they could not stop China, but had been assured of no construction "out of respect for our friendship".
Just last week, Duterte ordered the upgrade of facilities on the nine reefs and islands the Philippines occupies in the South China Sea, alarming both China and Vietnam.
For now, Filipinos are making the best of the detente. Some stay at the shoal for months.
With blackened skin and torn clothes, men jostle for space on the overloaded bamboo outriggers of boats, transferring baskets of fish to a vessel making a run back to the Philippines.
Captain Renato Etac, 37, chain smokes as they weigh the fish and meticulously logs details of each delivery. Though fish stocks are declining, Scarborough is a "fiesta" for Filipinos, they say.
They even take a positive view of China's coastguard.
"If they're not here, Scarborough becomes open to all, including illegal fishing," they said. "It somehow acts as deterrent."
(Additional reporting by Peter Blaza at Scarborough Shoal, Mai Nguyen in Hanoi, and Michael Martina in Beijing; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
Contact
Brigade Buena Vista
***@gmail.com Brigade Buena Vista
End
-- Bangalore is an incredible city that is also the biggest IT hub in the country today. There is something about this city that is very hard to resist. Being one of the most loved cities in the country, a life in Bangalore is a life well spent!The real estate market in Bangalore is soaring high with the number of residential and commercial spaces in different parts of the city.is one of the latest residential projects by Brigade Group that offers luxury and comfort in abundance. This development contains 6 remarkable towers (G +22) that offerspectacular variants of 1BHK, 2BHK and 3BHK apartments. The apartment area sizes start from 760 sq. ft. and go up to 1670 sq. ft., providing luxury space that is truly satisfying.is a beautiful residential development that offers a modern-day lifestyle with its wide number of internal and external amenities of pure luxury and comfort.The apartments are high on space and contain stylish fittings and furnishings, high-quality flooring, tough doors, elegant windows providing landscape views, electrical ports located perfectly for easy access, modular kitchens, safety features, etc.This development offers premium external amenities for a beautiful day every day. They include multiple sports facilities and a play-area for kids, jogging track, swimming pool, gymnasium, massive clubhouse, multipurpose hall, dedicated area for senior citizens, Bamboo & botanical gardens and open space.This development also offers 24hour water supply, power back-up for emergencies and well-trained security.Located at Old Madras Road, Bangalore, this development does come in close proximity to a number of landmarks. Places like schools, universities, hospitals, medical centres, supermarkets, general stores, malls, shopping centres, restaurants, cafes, banks, ATMs, public transport, etc. can be accessed without any hassles and without long journeys.Starting at a price of Rs.32.22 lakh and moving up to Rs.70.80 lakh, there is no doubt about the fact that theis simply impressive and affordable. Luxury apartments at such a low cost-price are not always easy to find. One can choose from a number of payment plans and also take-up home loan facilities, NRI services and more.Contact Details:Brigade Buena VistaMob.No: (+91) 9953 5928 48Website: http://www.brigadebuenavistabangalore.com
Big U.S. lenders are expected to report another round of uninspiring quarterly results this week, which analysts said could dampen a "Trump rally" in bank stocks fueled by expectations the new president would lighten financial regulation and boost the economy.
Of particular concern is a recent slowdown in loan growth, driven partly by an uptick in interest rates that dissuaded consumers and companies from refinancing loans.
In February, outstanding loans across the U.S. banking industry declined for the first time in more than three years, according to Federal Reserve data. Loans fell slightly for the first quarter overall.
Analysts and investors said the lending slowdown came as a surprise, and appeared related not only to declines in mortgage refinancing and corporate borrowing but also to uncertainty about U.S. policy and economic growth.
"The loan metric doesn't fit with the optimistic tone we've seen from the banks," said Patrick Kaser, a portfolio manager at Brandywine Global in Philadelphia who invests in bank stocks.
The Fed lifted its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points in March, marking the second such hike in three months. But the recent climb in short-term rates has been accompanied by a drop in longer-term rates, bringing the two closer together. When yields flatten in that manner, it is not helpful to bank earnings either.
The season kicks off on Thursday, when three of the country's biggest lenders, JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N) and Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N), report first-quarter results. Rivals Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) report the following week.
On average, analysts expect the six biggest U.S. banks to see a net income increase of 4.7 percent compared to the prior year, according to Reuters data.
While that may sound like a big gain, the year-ago quarter was an awful one for the banking sector, which saw capital markets activity and loan growth dry up amid mounting macroeconomic concerns.
Several analysts lowered earnings estimates last week, citing loan weakness as well as sharp declines in revenue from stock trading, where commissions have come under pressure from a new regulation in Europe and broader troubles for active asset managers.
Fewer deals in the first quarter also imply lower revenue from M&A banking. Altogether, the weak points are expected to outweigh small gains anticipated in businesses like fixed-income trading and wealth management.
Evercore ISI bank analyst Glenn Schorr described the quarter as "OK" but "definitely not the gangbusters quarter everybody was hoping for."
Big banks have been struggling to earn decent returns on shareholder equity for some time. In recent years, they have been spending billions of dollars to settle legal claims and comply with new regulations and capital requirements. They have also launched massive cost-cutting programs and revenue-boosting initiatives.
When November's U.S. election installed Donald Trump in the White House and business-friendly leadership in Congress, investors tended to think tough regulations would be eased and the economy would strengthen.
Bank stocks were the biggest beneficiary of the so-called Trump rally, with the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index rising 32 percent from Nov. 7 to a peak on March 1. Banks were also the biggest contributors to gains in major blue chip indexes.
But since then bank stocks have lost some of their shine, falling 6 percent in the last month even as the broader market remained mostly flat. With the U.S. Congress unable to pass laws on issues more pressing than financial deregulation, analysts said uncertainty around U.S. polices including trade, taxes and spending may weigh on the economy in the near term.
"Expectations were high coming into the year and while 1Q is by no means a bad quarter, revenues are probably less strong than market moves would have implied," said Macquarie analyst David Konrad.
(This story corrects time reference in first paragraph to "this week" from "next week".)
(Reporting by Olivia Oran, Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra Meredith Mazzilli)
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Friday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
CAIXABANK
Spain's Caixabank posted on Friday a 48 pct rise in first-quarter profit from a year before, in its first results to include Portuguese lender BPI, which it took over in February.
BANKIA
Spain's state-owned lender Bankia BKIA.MC posted on Friday a 28 percent rise in first-quarter profit from a year earlier after a fall in lending income was offset by a jump in trading gains.
BANCO SABADELL
Spain's Banco Sabadell on Friday posted a 14 percent fall in first-quarter net profit due to higher loan loss provisions.
AENA
Citigroup has raised its target price for AENA to 154 euros from 143 euros
AMADEUS
Deutsche Bank has raised its target price to 55 euros from 49 euros
GAS NATURAL
Exane BNP Paris has cut its recommendation on the gas company to 'underperform' from 'neutral'.
CELLNEX
Cellnex posted on Friday a net profit of 11 million euros versus in the first quarter
For today's European market outlook double-click on.
For real-time moves on the Spanish blue-chip index IBEX please double-click on
For IBEX constituent stocks highlight .IBEX in the command box and press the F3 button on your keyboard
For latest news on Spanish stock moves double click
For Spanish language market report double click on
For latest Eurostocks report please double-click on
(Madrid newsroom +34 91 585 2167 madrid.newsroom@reuters.com )
(Reuters Health) - Prices for generic topical steroids to treat skin conditions like eczema and psoriasis are on the rise, and many seniors may pay more for generic medications than the brand-name versions, a U.S. study finds.
Researchers compared average out-of-pocket patient costs as well as spending by Medicare, the U.S. health insurance program for people 65 and older, for several commonly prescribed topical corticosteroids that have been used for decades to treat a wide variety of inflammatory skin conditions.
Medicare Part D, the drug benefit program, spent $2.3 billion on topical steroids between 2011 and 2015, the study found. During that period, spending surged 227 percent while the number of prescriptions increased just 37 percent.
If doctors had prescribed the cheapest version when a variety of similarly effective options were available, Medicare could have saved $944.8 million, the researchers calculate.
Patients could have saved a lot too; seniors' annual out-of-pocket spending for topical steroids grew from $41.4 million to $101.8 million, 146 percent, during the study period.
“Patients often have difficulty paying for their medications and many patients on Medicare are retired and on fixed incomes,” said senior study author Dr. Arash Mostaghimi, a dermatology researcher at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.
“Paying extra for their medications may mean going without other medications or sometimes food,” Mostaghimi said by email.
Generics accounted for almost 98 percent of total spending on topical steroids during the study period, the researchers report in JAMA Dermatology.
In theory, generic drugs are supposed to come on the market after brand-name versions lose U.S. patent protection and help lower prices by increasing competition. The study of topical steroid costs, however, offers one look at a much more complex and confusing reality.
For the study, researchers examined costs for drugs grouped based on potency, or how much medication is blended into the ointments and creams. They sorted drugs into five classes, with one being the most potent and five being the weakest potency.
Costs grew at the slowest rate, 23 percent, for the weakest steroids, the study found. By contrast, costs rose the most, 604 percent overall, for the most potent group of steroids.
Within that group of most potent steroids, the steepest increase in average user costs was for clobetasol propionate (Temovate), which is used to treat itching and inflammation from skin issues caused by allergic reactions, eczema and psoriasis. During the study, user costs for this drug climbed by more than 605 percent.
Limitations of the study include the lack of data on certain drug manufacturer rebates that might help lower costs, the authors note. Researchers also didn't know if doctors had certain clinical reasons for choosing specific versions of similar medicines.
Still, the study illustrates something doctors already see all the time: that these costs often take a toll on patients, said Dr. Joslyn Kirby, author of an accompanying editorial and a dermatology researcher at Penn State Hershey Medical Center.
One challenge for doctors is that they can't always see what different steroids of similar potency cost when they prescribe the drugs, because that's not in electronic medical records, Kirby said by email.
“I ask my patients to contact me and let me know if the medication I prescribed during the appointment is too expensive when they go to the pharmacy,” Kirby added. “I need my patients to know that it's ok to tell me that something is too expensive, because I can work with our staff to find an alternative or a solution.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2pVfrPy and bit.ly/2oV5ams JAMA Dermatology, online April 28, 2017.
April 28 Tatwah Smartech Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to fluctuate by -40 percent to 10 percent, or to be 18.0 million yuan to 32.9 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (29.9 million yuan)
* Comments that increased financing expenses is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/1FJEPg
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 28 Denmark's KIRKBI A/S, the family holding company behind toy maker Lego, wants to expand its renewable energy investments, Chief Executive Soren Thorup Sorensen told Reuters on Tuesday.
* KIRKBI has invested 6 billion Danish crowns ($876 million) in two offshore wind farms operated by DONG Energy in German and British waters
* "We would like to see these wind turbines up and running first, but we definitely have an appetite for more, and we're constantly looking for possible investment opportunities," the CEO said in a telephone interview
* By 2020, the firm plans to generate as much sustainable energy as the Lego Group consumes, they said
* KIRKBI on Tuesday posted a 2016 result of 13.3 billion crowns after tax
* Earnings for 2016 showed positive results of the company's involvement in renewable energy for the first time
* KIRKBI owns 75 percent of Lego Group and almost 30 percent of Merlin Entertainments, the group that owns and runs the Legoland theme parks ($1 = 6.8493 Danish crowns) (Reporting by Julie Astrid Thomsen, editing by Terje Solsvik)
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
* Kuna hits eight-week low as worry over Agrokor group mounts * Polish, Romanian central banks keep rates on hold as expected * Romanian central bank chief sees inflation well below target * Czech retail data show slowdown, Hungarian industry picking up (Recasts with Polish and Romanian central bank decisions, comments) By Sandor Peto and Anna Koper BUDAPEST/WARSAW, April 5 The kuna fell on Wednesday due to uncertainty over the debt of Croatia's biggest private firm, Agrokor , while other Central European currencies firmed after the Polish and Romanian central bank kept interest rates on hold. The kuna touched 8-week lows against the euro and, trading at 7.45 per euro at 1248 GMT, it eased 0.2 percent. Zagreb stocks fell 2.1 percent, bucking a rise in the region's main equities indices. Croatia's parliament could pass an emergency law as early as Wednesday to shield the economy from big company failures after food and retail company Agrokor piled up debts, leaving it struggling to pay creditors and suppliers. Shares in Agrokor unit Ledo, which makes ice-cream, fell 13 percent to 8-year lows, and have shed 30 percent since Monday. Elsewhere, the zloty, firmed 0.4 percent and the leu gained 0.1 percent. Decisions by the Polish and Romanian central banks to keep interest rates on hold had been expected. The Polish central bank was to hold a news conference later on Wednesday. Investors scaled back expectations for a shift to more hawkish rhetoric by the Polish central bank after flash figures for March, published on Friday, showed a lower than expected 2 percent annual inflation rate. "I don't think that the zloty's strengthening results from the fundamentals. I would rather assign it to technical reasons," said Mateusz Sutowicz, analyst at the Warsaw-based Bank Millennium. The direction of inflation trends in Poland often heralds changes across the region. Wednesday's February Czech retail figures showed a slowdown in annual sales growth to 0.6 percent. PMI manufacturing indexes released in the region on Monday were below forecasts, but still showed steady growth. Hungary's retail sales have also slowed. According to Wednesday's figures, Hungary's unadjusted February industrial output slowed to 2.7 percent from 6.5 percent in January, but the change was caused by one less working day than a year ago and the underlying trend is still upwards, analysts said. The forint eased slightly but stayed near the psychological important barrier of 310 against the euro, around which it has been hovering for months. The leu gained a quarter of a percent, trading at 4.531 versus the euro, after the Romanian central bank kept rates on hold and its governor Mugur Isarescu said inflation will be significantly below the lower side of the target range over the next few months. CEE SNAPS AT 1448 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.05 27.04 -0.05 -0.18 60 25 % % Hungary 310.1 309.7 -0.14 -0.43 forint 500 300 % % Polish 4.233 4.249 +0.3 4.02% zloty 8 9 8% Romanian 4.538 4.542 +0.0 -0.07 leu 3 1 8% % Croatian 7.450 7.437 -0.17 1.41% kuna 0 5 % Serbian 123.7 123.9 +0.1 -0.28 dinar 000 250 8% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 984.9 981.0 +0.4 +6.8 2 3 0% 7% Budapest 32327 31951 +1.1 +1.0 .25 .94 7% 1% Warsaw 2249. 2239. +0.4 +15. 22 30 4% 47% Bucharest 8187. 8167. +0.2 +15. 86 94 4% 57% Ljubljana 779.2 786.2 -0.88 +8.6 9 4 % 0% Zagreb 1940. 1981. -2.07 -2.71 75 69 % % Belgrade 7 4 % 9% Sofia 642.8 636.0 +1.0 +9.6 6 3 7% 2% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 2 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year 9 bps s Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.28 0.32 0.37 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.22 0.29 0.38 0.18 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.75 1.771 1.799 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Radu Marinas in Bucharest, Jason Hovet in Prague and Igir Ilic in Zagreb; Editing by Jon Boyle)
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysian police have arrested two Turks, including the head of an international school, suspected of activities threatening national security, police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said.
The men, school head Turgay Karaman and business person Ihsan Aslan, were arrested on Tuesday under a section of the penal code related to "terrorist acts", they said in a Tweet.
No further details of their alleged activities in Muslim-majority Malaysia were immediately available.
The police confirmation came after Karaman was seen on CCTV recordings circulated on social media being forced into an unmarked car by five unknown men at a carpark in a suburb of Kuala Lumpur.
A police report was filed on Karaman's disappearance by a friend on Tuesday night.
Aslan was also reported missing by their wife on Tuesday night after they failed to hear from them for more than a day.
Karaman's lawyer, Rosli Dahlan, told Reuters that the disappearances bore similarities to a case in October when two Turks were reported missing and later discovered to have been deported to Turkey.
They denied speculation that the men were supporters of U.S-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is being blamed by Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan for orchestrating a failed coup last year. Gulen denies any involvement in the failed coup in which more than 230 people were killed.
"They are academics. They have not been charged for any Gulen activities," Rosli said.
Turkey has applied pressure to other countries that are home to institutions backed by Gulen, whose Hizmet movement runs about 2,000 educational establishments around the world.
Human Rights Watch on Wednesday said the two men should not be forcibly sent to Turkey, and called for an urgent investigation.
"There is little doubt that if they are returned to Turkey, they will face torture in detention, and if charged with crimes there, be subjected to a trial that will fall far short of fair trial standards," Phil Robertson, Deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch, said in a statement.
(Reporting by Rozanna Latiff; Editing by Nick Macfie)
April 28 Simei Media Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 80 percent to 130 percent, or to be 106.4 million yuan to 136.0 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (59.1 million yuan)
* Comments that business restructuring and increased investment income are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/WGl4YT
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SEOUL The Bank of Korea's decision to keep interest rates at a record low of 1.25 percent at Thursday's monetary policy meeting was unanimous, Governor Lee Ju-yeol told a news conference.
Lee added that the central bank had raised its growth outlook for this year to 2.6 percent from its earlier forecast of 2.5 percent, and also revised up its inflation forecast to 1.9 percent from 1.8 percent.
(Reporting by Cynthia Kim and Christine Kim)
UPDATE 1-US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access Pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
RIO DE JANEIRO, April 6 Brazilian federal police arrested five people on Thursday for the alleged embezzlement of up to 40 million reais ($13 million) in public funds to benefit the country's water sports association.
Police also detained four people for questioning and carried out 16 search and raid warrants as part of the operation, according to an official statement.
The statement did not disclose the identities of the people involved in the probe into the Brazilian Confederation of Water Sports (CBDA). The investigation stems from information collected from current and former athletes as well as business people, it added.
The CBDA is a private entity which is partly funded by the public sector. It represents several sports, including diving, swimming and water polo. ($1 = 3.1123 reais) (Reporting by Pedro Fonseca; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by W Simon)
April 20 CoreSite Realty Corp
* CoreSite Realty Corp closes $275 million of new financing in two separate transactions
* Has executed two separate financing transactions resulting in additional liquidity of $275 million
* CoreSite Realty - additional liquidity which will be used to pay down all outstanding amounts on revolving portion of its existing credit facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Workers from BHP Billiton's Escondida, the world's biggest copper mine, gather outside the company gates during a strike, in Antofagasta, Chile. REUTERS/Juan Ricardo
FILE PHOTO - Trucks travel along a road in the La Escondida copper mine near Antofagasta, about 1545 km (980 miles) north of Santiago city and 3100 meters (10,170 feet) above sea level in Chile on March 31, 2008. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado/File Photo
SANTIAGO Chile's Escondida named a new president to run the BHP Billiton-operated mine on Thursday, days after the company failed to clinch a wage deal with workers after an historically long strike.
Mauro Neves, a Brazilian who has worked in Vale (VALE5.SA) and Australian logistics firm Aurizon (AZJ.AX), will take over the role from April 17, the company said in a statement. It praised Neves for their knowledge of "how to mobilize teams with strategic reasoning and operational agility".
The job had been occupied since August on an interim basis by Marcelo Castillo, who will now become responsible for integrated operations at Escondida.
The outcome of the Escondida wage dispute was seen as heavily negative for BHP, which has been left with an estimated $1 billion loss, will need months to ramp up to full output again, and will have to return to talks in a year or so in a likely weaker position.
BHP (BHP.AX) (BLT.L) has a controlling interest in Escondida, the world's biggest copper mine. Rio Tinto (RIO.L) (RIO.AX) and Japanese companies hold smaller stakes.
(Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien; Editing by James Dalgleish)
March 31 MLS Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 up 118 percent to 173.5 percent, or to be 110 million yuan to 138 million yuan
* Says in the previous outlook, the company expected the net profit for FY 2017 Q1 up 127.9 percent to 173.5 percent, or to be 115 million yuan to 138 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 50.5 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Oiby7P
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has signed legislation that would help people with deadly diseases try experimental treatments.
Trump signed the Right to Try bill on Wednesday. They called it a "fundamental freedom" that will provide hope and save lives.
The bill cleared the House last week following an emotional debate in which Republicans said it would help thousands of people in search of hope. Many Democrats said the measure was dangerous and would give patients false hope.
Trump embraced the plan during their State of the Union address, saying people who are terminally ill shouldn't have to leave the country to seek cures.
Advertisement
The measure gives people diagnosed with life-threatening conditions who have exhausted treatment options access to unproven drugs without needing permission from the Food and Drug Administration.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ATHENS (Reuters) - A Greek court on Friday ruled against the extradition of a Turkish man wanted by Ankara over links to a banned militant group blamed for suicide bombings in Turkey, court officials said.
Mehmet Dogan, 60, is one of nine people detained by Greece's anti-terrorism service in November, weeks before Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan's visit to Greece in December.
The court said on Friday Dogan, although still being held in Greece, had been granted political asylum in France. They told the court this week they had gone to France in 2011, after being held for 20 years in prison in Turkey, a court official said.
“He has already been recognised as a refugee in France ... therefore they cannot be sent back to Turkey, where their life is in danger according to former rulings,” the official said.
Later on Friday, Turkey said the decision had “caused great disappointment,” and accused Greek courts of protecting terrorists and acting in a way that “does not befit neighbouring behaviour.”
“We expect the Greek judiciary to make decisions away from political pressures and in accordance with the law in the coming period,” Turkey's foreign ministry said in a statement.
The nine detained have been charged in Greece with setting up and belonging to a criminal organisation, terrorist-related acts of supplying explosive materials, and with illegal possession of firearms, smoke bombs and firecrackers.
All have all denied those charges, saying in a statement in December: “Solidarity with people who are fighting for their rights and freedom is not terrorism.”
Dogan is also wanted in Turkey over alleged links to a far-left group blamed for attacks and suicide bombings there since 1990. Their lawyers told the Greek court they had been sentenced to three years in prison in Turkey in the case.
Macedonian Social Democratic leader Zoran Zaev (C) and members of their party attend a news conference in Skopje, Macedonia, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
SKOPJE A day after protesters stormed Macedonia's parliament and left them with blood running down their face, Social Democrat leader Zoran Zaev said on Friday they were confident of forming a government despite vehement opposition from nationalists.
More that 100 people were injured on Thursday night in clashes inside and outside parliament over the election of an ethnic Albanian as speaker of the assembly. One lawmaker was taken to hospital, and police used stun grenades to disperse protesters and evacuate MPs.
NATO and the European Union condemned the violence, which deepened the worst crisis in the Balkan country since it narrowly averted an ethnic civil war in 2001. Germany blamed the nationalist VMRO-DPMNE party and said any repeat could doom Macedonia's hopes of joining the EU.
"What the former governing party in Macedonia and their supporters did last night is not only unacceptable but it is also the same as shutting the door to the EU if it happens again," German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said.
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said: "Acts of violence like those we saw yesterday must not be allowed to happen again."
After elections in the former Yugoslav republic in December, Zaev put together a coalition agreement with two parties representing ethnic Albanians, who make up a third of the population.
The deal envisages a law allowing wider use of the Albanian language, and this has triggered daily street protests by nationalists.
Despite strong opposition, Zaev and their coalition partners elected ethnic Albanian Talat Xhaferi as speaker on Thursday. Protesters responded by bursting into the parliament building and assaulting Zaev and others.
Zaev told reporters on Friday they expected the speaker to assume their duties and send a letter to notify the president of the new majority.
"After that I expect to receive the mandate to form the government," they said, sporting a band-aid on their forehead. Two other MPs standing behind them had bandages on their heads.
President Gjorge Ivanov has so far refused to award a mandate to Zaev, saying the proposed coalition threatened the sovereignty of Macedonia.
Macedonia has been without a functioning government since 2015, when it sank into political turmoil over a wiretapping scandal that brought down the ruling nationalist VMRO-DPMNE party bloc.
Efforts to move towards membership of the EU and NATO have made little headway because of a dispute with Greece over Macedonia's name, which it shares with a northern Greek province.
The EU has been increasingly alarmed in recent months about growing instability in the Balkans. The bloc's top diplomat, Federica Mogherini, said the violence in Macedonia was "particularly worrying" and the crisis "dangerous".
Heading to meet EU ministers in Malta, Macedonia's interim Foreign Minister Nikola Poposki said: "I don't think that less integration of Macedonia into the European Union is the right answer. I would claim quite the opposite."
(Additional reporting by Gabriela Baczynska and Tom Koerkemeier in VALETTA; Writing by Ivana Sekularac; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
A Turkish flag is pictured on a boat with the Bosphorus bridge in the background in Istanbul, Turkey, August 6, 2016. REUTERS/Osman Orsal
AMSTERDAM Dozens of Dutch citizens of Turkish descent, many linked to the opposition Gulen movement, are being prevented from leaving Turkey, a Dutch foreign ministry spokesperson said on Thursday, confirming an earlier television report.
Turkish president Tayyip Erdoğan has led a crackdown on people suspected of involvement with the movement led by exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen, which they blame for last year's failed military coup.
Public broadcaster NOS said as many as 100 Dutch citizens were unable to leave the country, but the spokesperson said precise numbers were difficult to obtain since the ministry knew only of those who had sought consular help.
"The reasons why they have been detained are very diverse, but it looks like some of them may be connected to the Gulen movement," the spokesperson said, adding that all those they were aware of were Turkish-Dutch dual citizens.
Turkey votes next week in a referendum on giving Erdoğan, who has run the country through over a decade of strong economic growth, the sweeping new powers they say they need to restore order after the coup. The votes of Turkish expatriate in western Europe could play an important role.
The country's economy, already under strain from floods of refugees, war on its south-east frontier with Syria and an ever present militant threat, stands to be seriously harmed if diaspora communities' fear of detention cuts tourism further.
Relations between Turkey and the European Union have grown fraught since the signing of a deal under which Ankara helped stem the flood of Syrian war refugees in return for European financial assistance. Many have criticised Europe's engagement with a government accused of authoritarianism.
"We are prepared to help people who actively seek assistance," the Dutch foreign ministry said in a statement, adding that Turkish authorities had been informed.
"It appears that other countries' citizens are having similar problems in Turkey."
Other European countries, including Austria and Switzerland, have also seen citizens of Turkish descent prevented from leaving the the country.
(Reporting by Thomas Escritt)
March 29 Intermolecular Inc
* Intermolecular announces restructuring initiative and changes in its leadership team
* Intermolecular Inc- Restructuring initiative to help to lower costs by approximately $4 million in 2017
* Intermolecular Inc - Restructuring initiative to improve overall effectiveness and efficiency of materials innovation services
* Intermolecular Inc - Under restructuring initiative Bruce McWilliams, currently executive chairperson, to transition to non-executive chairperson
* Intermolecular Inc - Bill Roeschlein named chief financial officer following retirement of Rick Neely Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
March 31 Ground International Development Ltd:
* Ground international Group, a unit, entered into non-legally binding memorandum of understanding with changchun ouya shenlongwan tourism ltd
* GIGL proposed to inject cash of rmb200 million into target company
* Upon completion of proposed capital injection, co is expected to be interested in 25% equity interest in target co
Source text (bit.ly/2nH3lXX)
Further company coverage:
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 12 Crown Holdings Inc :
* On April 7, company entered into an amended & restated credit agreement for agreement dated December 19, 2013 - SEC filing
* Restated credit agreement provides for a $650 million dollar revolving facility, $700 million multicurrency revolving facility
* Credit agreement also provides for $50 million Canadian revolving facility, $750 million Term A loan facility, a EUR275 million terms Euro facility
* Under restated credit agreement, facilities have a five-year term with a maturity date of April 7, 2022 Source text : (bit.ly/2oA20Df) Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China Hkbridge Holdings Ltd:
* ‍LEUNG KING YU HAS TENDERED Their RESIGNATION AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER​
* ‍SU ZHIYANG WILL SERVE IN AN ACTING CAPACITY AS COMPANY SECRETARY, AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE UNTIL NEW CFO, COMPANY SECRETARY COMMENCES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
THE management of Eko Electricity Distribution Companies, EKEDC, has urged security agencies to pay their outstanding debt.
In a statement sent to Vanguard, the company's General Manager, Corporate Communications, Mr. Godwin Idemudia, quoted Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, EKEDC, Mr. Adeoye Fadeyibi to have said this during a courtesy visit to the Commissioner of Police, Lagos State Command, Mr. Imohimi Edgal.
They stated that the huge outstanding electricity bills of the police, armed forces, other security agencies, ministries, departments and agencies have made it difficult for the company to meet all the demands of customers.
While congratulating Edgal on their appointment as the Lagos State police commissioner, they indicated that the visit was based on the recognition of the important role being played by the police.
Fadeyibi said EKEDC consider the police as a major partner in the realisation of its business objectives since no business could thrive under an atmosphere of insecurity.
They appealed to the police commissioner to help fast-track payment of the huge outstanding electricity bills of many police formations within the company's operational territory in Lagos.
Commenting on the electricity debts, Edgal said the police was aware of the need to settle its financial obligations to organisations providing services to it.
They said while electricity bills for offices and operational facilities were being paid centrally, police officers and women were being enlightened to pay their bills.
According to the commissioner, everybody must come to terms with the fact that electricity companies are now owned by private investors that must be supported by all to provide good services and make profit on their investment.
March 29 Terravia Holdings Inc:
* Terravia Holdings -on March 29, 2017, took steps to decrease operating expenses through a reduction in workforce of approximately 25%
* Terravia Holdings - planned suspension of operations at peoria facility as it explores strategic opportunities to partner its algavia line of products
* Terravia Holdings Inc - as a result of cost-cutting actions, co anticipates a reduction in annualized cash operating expenses of at least $8.0 million
* Terravia Holdings - anticipates recording charge of about $2.0 million to $2.5 million primarily in first and second quarters of 2017 as result of initiatives
* Terravia Holdings Inc - company expects to complete majority of actions by end of Q2 of 2017 Source text (bit.ly/2occs4p) Further company coverage:
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
Following the contributions of the Delta State Governor to the advancement of education in the state, Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities, SSANU, National Association Academic Technologists, NAAT and Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities, NASU, Delta State University (DELSU), Abraka chapters, have thrown their weight behind the second term bid of Governor Ifeanyi Okowa.
The unions, which is under the aegis of Joint Action Committee, JAC, stated this in Abraka during its congress, following the suspension of the three months and 10 days nationwide strike embarked upon by the national body of JAC in December, 2017
Speaking on behalf of JAC, the SSANU-DELSU Chairman, Comrade Monday Izu, said that following its earlier demand to the state government before the strike commenced, the governor approved that the Delta State University (DELSU), Abraka, Demonstration School and staff be retained by the university as staff.
While explaining the rationale behind the governor's second term endorsement by the unions, Izu stated : ” This is what we have been asking from previous government of the state but to no avail until Governor Okowa came to save us.
The SSANU chairperson disclosed that in addition to returning all the teachers' to secondary schools to retain their positions as staff of the university, the governor has also approved that ” Our promotion arrears for 2014 and 2015 will be paid by the state government in six installments.”
Izu appealed to the state governor to expedite actions towards the payment of the arrears with a view to ensuring that the actual payment commenced, even as they begged that the 2016 arrears which they (Okowa) had directed the university to pay should be rescinded as they (unions) have only one father which is they (Governor Okowa).
The chairperson claimed that its appeal was borne out of the union's belief that the university would not be able to meet up with this responsibility and in order to avoid delay as well as the union and the university engaging in a collision course in the nearest future, the appeal became imperative.
Izu said, inter-alia : ” We know and are convinced that the university will not be able to pay the 2016 arrears and that will lead to another crisis in the near future, so; we beg the governor to take this responsibility.”
AFTER their harrowing fairway encounter with a goose, an American high school golfer may want to take a quack at another sport.
Isaac Couling of Concord High School was chased and up-ended by an angry goose at a golf tournament on the weekend. The incident was caught on camera by Devon Pitts, the parent of another golfer, and the photos quickly went viral.
The Detroit News reported that Couling didn't remember their final score for the round, but they said: "I did par that hole."
No thanks to anyone else, though.
"No one came to help," Couling laughed. "All the coaches saw it from the clubhouse. You could see it from there.
"It's pretty crazy. All my friends were talking about it."
The goose raised a squawk with Couling as they and their group were walking down the fairway on the seventh hole.
"They were aware of a goose nest on their left, which they were looking at but not bothering when from behind them and to the right came the guard goose (protecting the nest)," Blissfield High golf coach Steven Babbitt said, according to The Los Angeles Times.
After Blissfield Athletics shared the photos on Twitter, The PGA of America shared in a post: "Though geese can be beautiful when watching them fly in flocks, the truth is they can be a real nuisance to golfers. And that's without them attacking golfers."
Blissfield Athletics' Twitter post of the photos received more than 37,000 likes and nearly 15,000 retweets, prompting PGA.com to chase down the woman behind the lens.
"I'm not going to lie, I was laughing quite hard after the attack was over," Pitts said. "Isaac spoke with me after the match. I showed them the pictures and we just laughed.
"This is unbelievable the attention this is getting. I wish Issac had hit a hole-in-one instead."
Help you? Nah, you're on your own, buddy.
Medic!
JOHANNESBURG, March 29 Shareholders in South Africa's Aveng approved the sale of a 51 percent stake in the Grinaker-LTA business to Kutana Construction, the company said on Wednesday, bringing in a partner owned by black women.
The deal helps Aveng, a 125-year-old company, to align the business with the government's economic agenda and policies aimed at transforming the South African construction industry and giving black people a more prominent ownership role.
In October, the construction firm announced plans to dispose of a 51 percent beneficial interest and a 45 percent economic interest to Kutana construction, a black women-owned entity, for 756 million rand ($57 million) to help the business become profitable again and introduce a black partner.
The 51 percent interest represents the legal voting position of the shares held by Kutana, while the 45 percent economic interest represents the benefit attributable to the firm.
Aveng said in a statement majority of shareholders approved the disposal at its general meeting.
Shares in Aveng were up 1.29 percent to 7.04 rand at 1046 GMT.
With rising unemployment, the ruling African National Congress is under increasing pressure to address gaping inequality that persists 23 years after the end of apartheid.
Black South Africans make up 80 percent of the 54 million population, yet most of the economy in terms of ownership of land and companies remains in the hands of white people, who account for around 8 percent of the population.
Aveng was one of seven construction companies which agreed in October to contribute a total of 1.5 billion rand over the next 12 years towards a fund to develop skills in the sector and give black workers a bigger role. ($1 = 13.0988 rand)
(Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by Keith Weir)
April 3Shanghai Pudong Dev Bank Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 2 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 3 new shares for every 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/C2b64W
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WoMaster's new IIoT Brochure contains valuable for industrial system integrators information about the latest IIoT products, application examples, as well as detailed explanation of software features for data redundancy and Cybersecurity.
Contact
Tatiana Khunkhenova
WoMaster
***@womaster.eu Tatiana KhunkhenovaWoMaster
End
-- WoMaster issued a new Brochure where system integrators and industrial automation and control specialists can find valuable information on the latest products used in Industrial Internet of Things, application examples, and software technological advantages in network data redundancy and cybersecurity.The Brochure starts with the introduction of WoMaster group and reliability verification tests procedures explanation for obtaining vertical certificates.• IIoT wireless 4G LTE router• Innovative 4G LTE PoE+ router• Rugged Ethernet L2/L3 switch• Rugged PoE/PoE+ L2/L3 switch• Railway PoE L2/L3 switch• Rackmount managed L2/L3 Ethernet switch• IoT Gateway• Innovative Smart City Box for city surveillance​The Brochure contains topology descriptions with the objectives of the products deployment choice for industrial vertical markets, such as power distribution, traffic control, tunnel monitoring, bus and train surveillance, distributed control centers, remote water meter reading, and city surveillance applications.The Brochure introduces industrial hardware protection of each product which guarantees sustainable network connectivity under the harshest environmental conditions, e.g. electromagnetic interference, extreme temperature variations, vibration, shock, dust, condensation, and other challenges. On the other hand, the Brochure explains wcj the advantages and working mechanisms of software features, such as ITU-T G.8032 v.2 ERPS (Ethernet Ring Protection Switching), Advanced Port Based Security IEEE802.1 x MAB (MAC Authentication Bypass), Dynamic ARP Inspection (DAI), IP Source Guard (IPSG), IPv4/v6 Access Control List (ACL), Multi-Level User Passwords, SW & HW(ASIC) integrated protection mechanism, which applies the latest Application-Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) secure technology (L2-L7 packet classification), multi-level authentication, secure data transmission, encrypted key data, complete event logs/traps, operational errors prevention, and event logs, and operational errors exceeds IEC62443-4-2 Level 2 requirements to build most secure systems for industrial applications.You are welcome to download the Brochure from our website in "Support" ->"Company Profile" section.About WoMaster:WoMaster Group is an international group based in Europe, with over 20 years of industrial market experience. We provide rugged products with customer oriented support for critical applications such as railway, power and utility, waste water, intelligent transportation and IP surveillance. WoMaster product range includes Industrial Networking and Computing products.Email: info@womaster.eu Website: www.womaster.eu
HONG KONG, March 31 China Vanke , the subject of a protracted corporate power tussle, has come under the direct control of the Shenzhen municipal government, according to a WeChat post by a local authority.
Vanke, China's No. 2 homebuilder by sales, has been in crisis since late 2015 as financial conglomerate Baoneng Group built up a 25 percent stake to become its largest shareholder and sought to oust management.
To counter Baoneng, state-owned Shenzhen Metro Group, a key Vanke ally, bought a 15 percent holding and this month became its largest shareholder in terms of voting rights after a proxy agreement with Vanke's third-biggest shareholder.
The Shenzhen body that oversees government-controlled enterprises said Vanke had become one of its newest members, according to the Wechat post seen by Reuters on Friday.
The developer had also attended a recent meeting to set targets on social responsibilities and role of state-owned enterprises in promoting Shenzhen's growth, it added.
Asked to comment on whether it could be considered a state-owned enterprise, Vanke said on Friday it had always been 'a mixed-ownership enterprise' and would continue to be one.
Whether the more direct control by the Shenzhen government will cause Baoneng to back down remains to be seen. Some analysts believe it is still interested in gaining seats on Vanke's board.
Baoneng and Shenzhen Metro did not respond to requests for comment.
The term of Vanke's current board officially expired on March 27, although company rules allow the current board to serve until a new one is formed. The property developer said this week that no time frame to select a new board had been set as yet as various parties were discussing proposals. (Reporting by Clare Jim; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree and Edwina Gibbs)
BEIJING, April 28 A Chinese nuclear firm has urged the government to approve the large-scale construction of the country's homegrown third-generation "Hualong One" reactor to help cut costs and boost its competitiveness.
China National Nuclear Power Co. Ltd (CNNP), the listed unit of central government-run China National Nuclear Corp, warned nuclear's competitiveness against coal is falling and nuclear power needs the benefits of economies of scale.
"We now have a Hualong One demonstration project, we have units under construction at Fuqing and Fangchenggang and we just hope that more can be built in order to reduce costs and make it more economic," Luo Xiaowei, CNNP board secretary, told Reuters.
The Hualong One is the centrepiece of China's ambitious plan to dominate the global civil nuclear market. One unit is under construction in Pakistan, and China is also seeking regulatory approval for the model in Britain.
In China, which currently has 36 operational nuclear reactors, the Hualong One is competing with other third-generation technology reactors for a share of 100-150 new reactors planned to come into operation by 2030.
Third-generation reactor projects in China include the world's first AP1000, designed by Westinghouse and expected to go into full operation later this year, and two European Pressurised Reactors, designed by France's Areva, in the southeast province of Guangdong.
CNNP officials says the Hualong One, however, is the "most feasible option" for China as it tries to scale up its nuclear capacity and strengthen its position in the international reactor market.
All third-generation technology projects have suffered repeated delays and Zhang Huazhu, chairperson of industry lobby group, the China Nuclear Energy Association (CNEA), told a conference here on Thursday that China's reliance on the largely untested technology could pose challenges.
China aims to raise nuclear installed capacity to 58 gigawatts by the end of 2020 and it has set a target of 200 gigawatts by the end of 2030.
($1 = 6.8958 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Rangebound Australian dollar in prospect if RBA stays on hold
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 Builders Firstsource Inc:
* Builders Firstsource Inc - on April 10, 2017, board of directors of co increased size of board to nine directors - sec filing
* Builders Firstsource Inc - appointed David A. Barr to fill newly created directorship Source text - bit.ly/2ocEOqN Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
March 30 Wilex AG:
* Financials in line with guidance
* Outlook for 2017: increase in sales revenue forecast; higher investments in proprietary atac pipeline
* Generated sales revenue and other income totaling 2.7 million euros ($2.90 million) in fiscal year 2016 (previous year: 3.9 million euros)
* FY net loss for year was 6.4 million euros (previous year: 6.6 million euros)
* Wilex group's FY operating result was -6.4 million euros in 2016 fiscal year (previous year: -6.5 million euros)
* Expects to generate between 4.0 million euros and 6.0 million euros in sales revenue and other income (2016: 2.7 million euros) for 2017 fiscal year
* Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) for 2017 fiscal year are projected to be between -6.0 million euros and -10.0 million euros (2016: -6.4 million euros) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9301 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
OTTAWA — The Liberals have defeated a motion that accused the government of misleading Canadians on electoral reform and demanded they apologize for their broken promise.
The motion put forward in the House of Commons by the New Democrats was rejected 175 to 129 Tuesday.
"Believe me when I say this ain't over," NDP MP Nathan Cullen said Tuesday after the vote.
"Canadians expected more from this prime minister. They believed that they were going to be different, and this betrayal of such a black-and-white promise shows them to be, unfortunately, more of the cynical same," said Cullen, the NDP critic for electoral reform.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised in the Liberal campaign platform and in the subsequent speech from the throne to change the way Canadians cast their ballots in time for 2019.
The Liberal government abandoned that idea earlier this month, arguing their consultations on the issue did not produce a consensus on whether to change the status quo, as promised, or what should replace the current first-past-the-post voting system.
During question period in the House of Commons Tuesday, Cullen pressed Trudeau for an apology.
"Canadians voted for a change from a government that had been unable to deliver on economic growth for the middle class, had been unable to deliver the kind of vision for this country that Canadians needed," Trudeau replied.
The Conservatives, the Bloc Quebecois and Green party leader Elizabeth May voted with the New Democrats on the opposition day motion.
Democratic Institutions Minister Karina Gould acknowledged some younger voters were disappointed with the Liberals' choice not to go ahead with electoral reform.
"I was very heartened over the past couple of weeks to see people register their disappointment, or to engage, because I think it's a hallmark of our democracy that we can both agree and disagree equally peacefully and have those conversations," Gould said in the Senate chamber during question period Tuesday.
That was in response to a question from Independent Sen. Marilou McPhedran, who said they had seen "a surge of anger, disappointment, heartbreak and . . . a distinctive rise in cynicism returned to the generation" on social media as a result of the decision to give up on the pledge. They wanted to know what Gould was doing to address it.
Gould, 29, pointed out that they too are a young Canadian.
— Follow @smithjoanna on Twitter
Joanna Smith, The Canadian Press
Two new plays offer radically different takes on the search for redemption when IAMA Theatre Company opens its 10th Anniversary Season with two company member-written world premieres.
Sinner's Laundry and Redline premiere at IAMA
Contact
Lucy Pollak Public Relations
***@lucypr.com Lucy Pollak Public Relations
End
--'s fast-paced, edgy sci-fi comedydirected by, opens for press on's haunting and provocativedirected by,opens on. Both plays continue in repertoryat thein Hollywood.Inthe residents of Newport Women's Correctional Facility have all mysteriously vanished.) and) star as Jess and Sam, the only two inmates who remain — and they are locked in Rec Room No. 4 with nothing but some crappy board games and their imaginations.meetsmeetsas they navigate their way towards salvation in this unique, funny and poignant exploration of the power of redemption and the divinity within us all.Inengines and heart rates explode on a journey towards redemption in a profoundly intimate theater-going experience.on Broadway,)stars as Raymond, whose moment of road rage along a frigid eastern Sierra highway shattered their relationship with their family forever. The impact of this event ripples through the years until their estranged son () returns to test the limits of forgiveness.Both plays are sharp, intelligent and unflinching in their view of the cruelty of the world, yet grounded in optimism."John [Lavelle] has a singular voice," says Wolff of"The world he's created is absurdist, fantastical, whimsical and very funny. They have such a wonderful grasp of human nature. Here you have two characters in a desperate situation — spoiler alert: no one's getting out alive. But the play is about how they find the light in each other. They discover humor, heart and forgiveness. And who among us wouldn't like to find that before it's all over?""Even in the most dire of situations, we strive to find hope," agrees Gonda. "The fingerprints we leave on our children are incredibly profound; they can suffocate and they can liberate.is about how much we allow these fingerprints to define us. Christian is an emotionally fearless playwright with a beautiful capacity for storytelling. Our hope is that, through this story, audiences leave the theater compelled wcj to be even more compassionate, present, better versions of themselves."Set design forandis by, lighting design is by, original music and sound design is by, costume design is by, and props are byandproduce forIAMA Theatre Company is a Los Angeles-based ensemble of artists committed to invigorating live performance for a streaming generation. Through cutting-edge, cool and hyper-modern stories, IAMA is invested in the immediacy of production and strives to bring audiences out of their personal space and into a shared experience. Founded in 2007, this dynamic theater company is making its mark. Plays generated at IAMA have traveled to off-Broadway, Second Stage and the Roundabout Underground, and have been performed regionally and internationally. IAMA members have been featured in numerous critically acclaimed TV shows and films as well as in a vast array of theater and live performances all over the country. In 2014, IAMA earned the Ovation Award for Outstanding Play in an Intimate Theatre for its Los Angeles premiere of. In 2017, TV producer and creator Shonda Rhimes announced that they would become IAMA's first-ever "Patron of the Arts" with a generous endowment from the Rhimes Family Foundation. IAMA is breaking the mold by getting the "cord-cutter generation" to come back out to the theater again – you can't DVR theater!opens for press on, andopens on. Both plays continue through. Performances take placeandat, andatandTo find a schedule of which play performs when, visit www.IamaTheatre.com . Single tickets are, or see both plays for. Theis located at. To purchase tickets, call (or go to www.iamatheatre.com.
(Adds comment from Marine Harvest)
March 31 (Reuters) -
* Norway's food safety authority (NFSA) said on Friday it suspects a pancreatic disease outbreak at a Marine Harvest fish farm in Norway
* The location of the outbreak is at sea site 12624 in the Flatanger municipality in Nord-Troendelag, mid-Norway
* NFSA told Reuters there are 1.6 million fish at the site with an average weight of 1.1 kilo
* NFSA says, if the disease is confirmed, the fish has to be moved from the site or killed
* Norwegian rules say the area from Nord-Troendelag and to the north should be free of pancreatic disease
* NFSA says a decision is up to the operator Marine Harvest
* Marine Harvest spokesperson Ola Helge Hjetland says one fish at the location has shown PD, and that the FDSA is now doing more tests
* Hjetland says Marine Harvest still hopes that tests will show that the location has no outbreak of PD but if that is the case the fish will be moved to locations further south in Norway
* Shares in Marine Harvest were down 2.1 percent at 0915 GMT, lagging an Oslo benchmark index down 0.5 percent Further company coverage: (Reporting By Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Gwladys Fouche and Terje Solsvik)
March 31 Nordic American Offshore Ltd:
* Nordic American Offshore executive chairperson, Herbjorn Hansson and family buy 120,000 shares of co on March 30 at $1.10 per share
* Nordic American Offshore Ltd - for $1.10/share, company owned by nao executive chairperson, and their family, bought 120,000 nao shares on Thursday Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 10:30 am: Power Minister Piyush Goyal to speak on UDAY scheme in New Delhi. 11:00 am: Budget session of Parliament continues in New Delhi. 11:30 am: Tata Motors launch event in Mumbai. 03:15 pm: Kotak Mahindra Bank Managing Director Uday Kotak to brief media in Mumbai. 06:30 pm: Cabinet likely to meet, agenda not known in New Delhi.. LIVECHAT- ASSETS Discuss the disconnect between equity, fixed income and currency markets with Naeem Aslam, Chief Market Analyst, Think Markets UK, at 3.30 pm. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • Monsanto loses legal battle with Indian seed producer Monsanto lost a legal battle with one of India's biggest seed producers over a contract dispute on Tuesday, and was ordered to restore a licensing agreement and cut royalty charges. • Indian Prime Minister Modi to visit Washington this year -White House U.S. President Donald Trump spoke by phone to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday and said they looked forward to playing host to a visit by Modi to Washington later this year. • Crop shipper AGT sees resolution of India-Canada pulse trade snag Canada's AGT Food and Ingredients Inc, one of the world's biggest exporters of peas and lentils, expects India to extend an exemption for Canada within days from a crop fumigation policy that threatened to jeopardizeC$1.1 billion inannual tradeof the food staples, Chief Executive Murad Al-Katib said on Tuesday. • Bharti Airtel sells 10 pct stakes in tower unit to KKR, Canada Pension India's Bharti Airtel said it sold a 10.3 percent stake in its telecom tower unit Bharti Infratel to U.S. private equity firm KKR & Co LP and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board for more than 61.9 billion rupees. • India brings back 10 pct tax on wheat imports India on Tuesday imposed a 10 percent import tax on wheat with immediate effect, government sources said, reinstating the tariff after a gap of nearly four months that saw large overseas purchases. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • Trump signs order dismantling Obama-era climate policies President Donald Trump on Tuesday signed an order to undo Obama-era climate change regulations, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry and calling into question U.S. support for an international deal to fight global warming. • Profits near flat at two of China's Big Five banks, pressures persist Two of China's 'Big Five' lenders, Bank of Communications and Agricultural Bank of China, reported modest annual profit growth on Tuesday, as they battled operating pressures and the narrowest net interest margins since at least 2011. • Japan's tepid retail sales raise concerns about consumption, growth Japanese retail sales were effectively flat in February as consumers cut back on food and durable goods after employers offered the lowest spring wage increases in four years. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,139.50, trading up 0.29 pct from its previous close. The Indian rupee will likely open lower against the dollar, as upbeat U.S. economic data and hawkish comments from Federal Reserve officials supported expectations of more rate increases this year, propping up the greenback The rupee closed at a 17-month high of 65.04 to the dollar in Mumbai on March 27. Indian government bonds are likely to edge higher in early trade amid expectations foreign investors will continue to pour money into the debt market. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.68 pct-6.74 pct band today. The bond had closed at 101.80 rupees, yielding 6.71 pct, on Mar. 27. GLOBAL MARKETS • U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. • Asian shares inched ahead while the dollar and commodities held gains as investors shook off disappointment about U.S. President Donald Trump's failed healthcare bill and focussed on an improving outlook for global growth. • The dollar pulled away from 4-1/2-month lows against a currency basket as solid data backed expectations for more U.S. interest rate hikes this year, while sterling was knocked by concern about Britain's impending exit from the European Union. • U.S. Treasury debt yields rose on Tuesday, in generally below-average volume, tracking a jump in stocks after U.S. consumer confidence surged to a 16-year high. • Oil prices extended gains from the previous session, lifted by supply disruptions in Libya and expectations that an OPEC-led output reduction will be extended into the second half of the year. • Gold prices fell as positive economic data from the United States backed expectations of further interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve this year, prompting the dollar to bounce back from multi-month lows. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 65.04/65.07 March 28 $986.62 mln - For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 65.0200 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Pradip Kakoti in Bengaluru) ))
A man walks through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett
LONDON Britain's top share index dipped on Friday as disappointing results weighed on banking heavyweight Barclays (BARC.L), with UK blue chips sealing their biggest one-month fall since November 2016.
The FTSE 100 .FTSE index closed 0.5 percent lower at 7,203.94 points, underperforming broader European markets, and posted a 1.6 percent fall for the month.
The large-caps struggled in April after British Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap general election which has boosted sterling to a seven-month high.
Coupled with uncertainty around Brexit negotiations, a stronger currency has weighed on the index's dollar-earning firms, which enjoyed an accounting boost after sterling's 11 percent plunge in the immediate aftermath of the Brexit vote.
However, Bank of America Merrill Lynch strategists said they saw the pound playing less of a role for UK equities in the next twelve months.
"Relying on FX is likely a red herring," they said, adding any rallies in the pound may not be sustained long-term as the currency adapts to softer economic fundamentals.
The UK's GDP reading for the first quarter came in weaker than expected earlier on Friday, as a rise in inflation hit consumer-facing businesses, with the economy slowing sharply.
On the day, bank earnings were in focus.
Barclays (BARC.L) fell 5.2 percent, its biggest one-day loss since the aftermath of Britain's referendum vote to leave the European Union last June.
While Barclays' first quarter profit more than doubled, a weak performance at its investment banking arm disappointed as the bank missed out on a bond trading boom which boosted revenues at its U.S. peers.
"Taking a bit of a longer-term view, Barclays is still in a state of recovery and is moving towards its goal of being a UK retail bank and a transatlantic corporate bank, but this particular quarter I think the results were a bit disappointing compared to what analysts were expecting," Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said.
Barclays results contrasted with well-received updates from peers Lloyds (LLOY.L) and RBS (RBS.L).
The Scottish bank gained 4.7 percent after it swung to its first quarterly profit since September 2015, beating average forecasts in a sign of progress in its turbulent turnaround.
"While the group continues to make progress at an underlying level, there remain a number of significant legacy issues that continue to overhang the investment case," said Shore Capital analyst Gary Greenwood.
Shares in Mediclinic (MDCM.L) dropped 4.4 percent, pulling back after a 17.5 percent jump in the previous session after Abu Dhabi cancelled a 20 percent co-payment requirement for treatment at private healthcare facilities.
Miners were among the top gainers, with Antofagasta (ANTO.L), Anglo American (AAL.L) and Randgold Resources (RRS.L) all up between 1.6 percent and 2.4 percent as the price of copper edged higher. [MET/L]
(Reporting by Kit Rees, Helen Reid; Editing by Toby Chopra)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
BERLIN The German military has the authority to respond with "offensive measures" if its computer networks are attacked, German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen said on Wednesday, amid growing concerns among German lawmakers about control of such actions.
Von der Leyen, speaking at the opening ceremony for Germany's new cyber command in Bonn, gave no details of what kind of retaliation they had in mind.
"If the German military's networks are attacked, then we can defend ourselves. As soon as an attack endangers the functional and operational readiness of combat forces, we can respond with offensive measures," they said.
They added that the German military could be called in to help in the event of cyberattacks on other governmental institutions. During foreign missions, its actions would be governed and bounded by the underlying parliamentary mandate.
Any legal questions would be addressed by the military in close cooperation with other government agencies, they added.
The new Bonn-based command has an initial staff of 260 that will grow to around 13,500 in July.
Von der Leyen's decision to sanction offensive cyber actions in principle has caused some concerns among German lawmakers, including Agnieszka Brugger, a member of the pro-environment Greens and member of the defence committee.
Military ombudsman Hans-Peter Bartels, who fields complaints from soldiers for parliament, told the Neue Osnabrueckner Zeitung newspaper on Wednesday that every offensive measure required explicit approval by the parliament since Germany's military is a so-called "parliamentary army".
German officials told reporters earlier this week that the government was scrambling to respond to serious and growing cyber threats, but civilian officials said they lacked the legal framework to retaliate with cyberattacks of their own.
However, von der Leyen made clear on Wednesday that they were convinced the authorities were clear in the military realm.
Deputy Defence Minister Katrin Suder told reporters on Monday that existing laws applied, even in cyberspace.
Von der Leyen said Berlin was increasing expenditure to keep up with technical innovations.
Germany's current military budget included 1.6 billion euros for information technology-related items, ranging from new radios and hardware to service contracts, and spending was slated to increase significantly in 2018, they said.
The military also spent around 1 billion euros a year on personnel.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Stephen Powell)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
The Dow logo is seen on a building in downtown Midland, Michigan, in this May 14, 2015 file photograph. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
BEIJING China has conditionally approved the proposed merger between Dow Chemical Co (DOW.N) and Dupont (DD.N), the country's Commerce Ministry said on Tuesday, a step forward for the deal whose closing has been repeatedly delayed by regulatory hurdles.
The merger was approved by EU antitrust regulators in March on the condition the companies divest assets and research and development facilities.
Regulators in the United States, Brazil, Australia and Canada are yet to clear the deal.
China's conditions for approval include divesting Dupont's research and development department as well as assets related to pesticides and herbicides used in rice, such as metsulfuron-methyl, azimsulfuron, cyantraniliprole and chlorantraniliprole and indoxacarb, the ministry said in a statement.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
BERLIN German public debt is expected to fall by some 2 percentage points this year, the government said in a report on Wednesday, keeping Europe's largest economy on track to bring down debt to below 60 percent of economic output by 2020.
Debt stood at 68.3 percent of output in 2016, the government said in its report, which it will present to the European Commission.
European Union rules say countries should keep the ratio of debt to gross domestic product (GDP) at no more than 60 percent or at least be heading down towards that level. The rules have been broken for years by Germany and other countries.
The German government said in its report that the low interest rate environment created by the European Central Bank had lightened Germany's debt burden.
A stability programme agreed by the government last year also includes a goal of no net new debt until 2020 despite higher state spending.
"This course has proven to be a guarantor of growth, secure jobs and prosperity," Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said in a statement.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Paul Carrel)
FILE PHOTO: The company logo for Unilever is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., February 17, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Unilever may be readying itself for some political maneuvers. The Ben & Jerry's ice cream owner unveiled a range of measures on Thursday to increase shareholder value and prevent a re-run of Kraft Heinz's $143 billion hostile takeover approach, which the Anglo-Dutch consumer giant rebuffed in February. The revamp is mostly obvious stuff. But plans to review Unilever's dual Anglo-Dutch structure offer a cunning way to build a political shield.
It's hard to fault the logic of picking the low-hanging fruit that made Unilever a target in the first place. Boss Paul Polman plans to tighten up the group's slack balance sheet and sell the slow-growth spreads division, home to Flora margarine. Adding more leverage, with a target of net debt at two times EBITDA, would generate around 8 billion euros ($8.5 billion) of cash that could be returned to shareholders. A new operating-margin target of 20 percent is reasonable – better than Nestle, but worse than Reckitt Benckiser.
Then there's the less predictable bit: a review of Unilever's Anglo-Dutch structure, which entails listings in both countries. When it previously revisited the issue in 2005, Unilever opted for the status quo. Now, Polman is mulling whether simplifying the structure would be less confusing for U.S. investors and remove complexity for future acquisitions.
This could become a clever way of bolstering Unilever's takeover defences. Polman called in March for an overhaul of Britain's takeover code to safeguard companies from unwanted bids. That could mean something closer to the Dutch regime, which subjects takeovers to a more stringent stakeholder interest test than the UK does. Dutch paint maker Akzo Nobel has so far successfully used that to fend off a takeover approach from U.S. coatings maker PPG, saying that such a bid would be bad for employees, society and the environment.
Unilever is a big enough employer in both countries to matter to Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte and their UK counterpart Theresa May. The Marmite maker can do a lot to protect itself with higher margins, but were a manager determined to avoid a takeover at any cost, a timely review that effectively played host countries against one another might be just the ticket.
Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland chips from a bunker during Tuesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
AUGUSTA, Ga. Rory McIlroy received plenty of criticism for golfing with U.S. President Donald Trump this year and on Tuesday the Northern Irishman said they would "think twice" before accepting a second invitation.
World No. 2, McIlroy, who will launch their bid to complete the career grand slam of golf's four majors at this week's U.S. Masters, has said playing with Trump was not to be confused with an endorsement.
"It's a difficult one," McIlroy, 27, said at a news conference at Augusta National. "I felt I would have been making more of a statement if I had of turned it down. It's not a tough place to be put in but it was a round of golf and nothing more.
"Would I do it again? After the sort of backlash I received, I'd think twice about it."
McIlroy, a four-times major champion, has previously said they were called a "fascist" and "bigot" for accepting the invitation to play 18 holes with the president at Trump International Golf Club in Florida in February.
The former world No. 1 said on Tuesday that they were not interested in talking politics with Trump but rather in taking in the scene that accompanies him.
"Whenever an invitation or a request comes my way, I don't want to say I jump at the chance but at the same time, you know, to see the Secret Service, to see the scene, I mean, that's really what I was going for," McIlroy said.
"I mean, there was not one bit of politics discussed in that round of golf. They were more interested talking about the grass that they just put on the greens."
(Editing by Bill Trott)
ISTANBUL, April 28 Turkey's central bank has revised down assumptions for crude oil prices to $55 from $57 but is maintaining its annual food inflation forecast for 2017 at 9 percent, Central Bank Governor Murat Cetinkaya said on Friday.
Food inflation will fall to 7 percent in 2018, they said.
Speaking at a quarterly presentation, Cetinkaya said the bank would not give early reaction to changes in inflation. They described current monetary policy as tight, and said it would be tightened further if necessary.
The bank was maintaining its policy simplification target, Cetinkaya said. (Reporting by Ece Toksabay and David Dolan; Writing by Dominic Evans; Editing by Nick Tattersall)
U.S. shale oil company Pioneer Natural Resources Co (PXD.N) reported a better-than-expected adjusted profit on Wednesday as higher crude prices and increased production offset a rise in costs.
However, Pioneer's shares fell 4.7 percent in extended trading after the company gave a second-quarter production forecast below Wall Street estimates.
Pioneer said it expected second-quarter production of 254,000-259,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, lower than analysts' estimate of 262,000 boepd.
The company, which drills in Texas, produced 248,881 boepd in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with 221,809 boepd a year earlier.
The average price Pioneer received for its oil jumped about 75 percent to $49.05 per barrel of oil equivalent.
The company said on Wednesday it was reducing share of oil in its total production to 60 percent from 62 percent.
The Dallas-based company's total expenses surged 41 percent in the first quarter to $1.54 billion.
Pioneer's net loss attributable to shareholders narrowed to $42 million, or 25 cents per share, from $267 million, or $1.65 per share, a year earlier.
Excluding one-time items, Pioneer reported a per-share profit of 25 cents, while Wall Street analysts had expected a profit of 17 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Pioneer's total revenue more than doubled to $1.47 billion, beating estimates of $1.01 billion.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
May 2 Net Insight
* Q1 operating earnings amounted to SEK 7.5 (7.8) million, corresponding to an operating margin of 6.8 (7.1) percent
* Q1 net sales amounted to SEK 110.4 (110.0) million, a decrease of -3.6 percent in comparable currencies
* Q1 adjusted operating earnings were SEK 8.9 (11.2) million, corresponding to an adjusted operating margin of 8.0 (9.9) percent
* Says the quarter was characterized by normal quarterly fluctuations, strong underlying business, a stable flow of medium-sized deals, while there were no larger individual transactions in the period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
PRAGUE, March 29 Czech bus drivers will go on a nationwide strike on April 6, a trade union official said on Wednesday, calling for higher pay.
The industrial action comes as the country's centre-left government, which faces an election this year, has shown a willingness to raise the pay for emergency workers.
Private sector companies in the Czech Republic, one of the EU's tightest job markets, have also reported salary increases due to labour shortages.
According to Eurostat, unemployment in the former Eastern bloc state is at 3.4 percent - the lowest in the European Union.
"The strike will take place on April 6, it is declared for 24 hours so far, from midnight to midnight," Alfonz Kokoska, deputy chairperson of trade unions in transportation, told Reuters.
Unions said the strike will affect only transport between cities, towns and villages. Public transport in big cities such as trams and subway in Prague, will be not affected.
Last time Czechs faced a similar protest was in June 2011, when trains and Prague's underground stopped service.
The drivers' wages are composed of a government rate of 98 crowns (3.63 euros) per hour and a variable rate set by local councils. The unions have not specified the rise they are seeking.
The strike's announcement came as the government approved a 10 percent hike in salaries of police officers, firefighters and other state security personnel earlier this month.
Parliamentary elections are due in October, with Finance Minister Andrej Babis' ANO movement in a double-digit lead ahead of Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka's ruling Social Democrats.
In the private sector, workers at Hyundai Motor Co's Czech car factory will get on average a 12 percent pay rise this year, the company said on Tuesday.
Last year, the real wages in the country grew by 3.5 percent, the fastest rate in nine years, according to the latest data released on March 10.
The average gross monthly wage is 25,061 crowns ($1,000.84) a fraction of wages in neighbouring Germany but similar to wages in other central European former communist countries. (1 euro = 27.0106 Czech crowns) ($1 = 25.0400 Czech crowns) (Reporting by Petra Vodstrcilova and Robert Muller; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 12 AVJennings Ltd:
* Announces voluntary sale or transfer facility for singapore securityholders
* Will pay applicable brokerage and handling charges associated with either sale of securities under proposal or transfer of securities to Australian register
* Chosen to make proposal available because of concerns expressed by securityholders about level of liquidity in trading of securities on Singapore exchange
* Voluntary sale or transfer facility excludes participation by SC Global Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Sichuan Golden Summit Group Joint stock Co Ltd :
* Says it will set up three wholly owned subsidiaries in Emeishan City, which will be engaged in limestone mining and calcium oxide deep processing as well as logistics transportation business respectively
* Says the limestone mining unit will be capitalized at 8 million yuan
* The calcium unit will be capitalized at 3 million yuan
* The logistics unit will be capitalized at 1.5 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/6TbO8y
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Two passengers aboard a ferry look at the Sydney Harbour Bridge as they approach Circular Quay in Sydney, Australia, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Steven Saphore
SYDNEY Australian households saw their wealth balloon to a record A$11.7 trillion (7.21 trillion pounds) last quarter as cash holdings topped a trillion dollars for the first time ever, boding well for spending in the face of tepid wages growth.
Thursday's figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed households' net worth, after taking into account all their liabilities, rose 3.6 percent to A$9.4 trillion in the three months to December.
Most of the gains came from a A$247 billion increase in home and land values, which took them to A$6.4 trillion. The country's annual economic output (GDP) is worth A$1.7 trillion.
This accumulation of wealth is a major reason the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) considers household balance sheets to be in good repair overall, even as they fret about debt-fuelled speculation in the property market.
"From a wealth standpoint, you would have to say Australian households are sitting pretty right now," said Savanth Sebastian, a senior economist at asset manager CommSec.
"Yes, the growth rate of debt is a concern. The longer it continues to outpace income growth, the more vulnerable households become," they added. "But the asset side of the balance sheet is often overlooked and that's very strong."
They noted that the net worth of every man woman and child in the country stood at almost A$387,000, a solid cushion to support spending in the face of sluggish wage growth.
While there has been much alarm at rising debt levels in Australia, little is made of the asset side of household balance sheets which makes the picture appear less threatening.
Mortgage debt in the country stands at A$1.7 trillion, yet that is equal to just 26.7 percent of the value of homes and land, suggesting home prices would have to fall a long way to put the average owner into the red.
The ration of all debt to all assets had also dipped to just under 20 percent, its lowest since early 2008.
Australians have also been squirreling away a pile of liquid assets. Cash and deposits alone topped A$1 trillion last quarter for the first time on record, having more than doubled over the preceding decade.
The ABS estimates the ratio of household debt to liquid assets, which includes cash, deposits, debt securities and shares, fell 1.1 percentage points to 124.4 percent in the December quarter.
That was considerably lower than the often-cited debt to disposable income ratio which is currently at record highs above 180 percent.
(Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
NEW YORK The Federal Reserve's current use of two relatively new tools to lift interest rates - its reverse repurchase facility and its rate on excess bank reserves - has proven to work well, suggesting the Fed may not revert to a more traditional policy model, a top U.S. central banker said on Wednesday.
The current so-called floor system "works effectively," San Francisco Fed President John Williams told reporters when asked whether they favor eventually reverting to the traditional "corridor" model in which banks would hold far less excess reserves.
Now that the financial crisis is well in the rear view mirror, Fed staffers and policymakers are quietly working on a longer-term plan for how the central bank will control its key policy rate.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku has been named Premier League player of the month for March, while Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe picked up their first manager of the month award.
Lukaku leads the race for the golden boot with 21 goals. The Belgian forward scored four in March, netting in a 3-2 defeat at Tottenham Hotspur, scoring and assisting in a 3-0 home win over West Bromwich Albion and notching a brace in a 4-0 triumph over Hull City.
"I'm really happy," said Lukaku, who is the first Everton player in history to reach 20 goals in a single Premier League season. "It gives me another boost. I'm playing well at the minute and the team are doing really well."
Lukaku won the award by edging out Bournemouth duo Artur Boruc and Joshua King, Southampton's Nathan Redmond, Mamadou Sakho of Crystal Palace and Liverpool midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum.
Under Howe's flight attendantship, Bournemouth were unbeaten in March as they won two and drew one of their three matches to move up to 11th in the table and nine points clear of the relegation zone.
"It feels really good," said Howe. "It was such an important month for us. The fact we were able to pick up seven points and go unbeaten means everything to us at this moment."
Howe beat out Crystal Palace's Sam Allardyce, Chelsea boss Antonio Conte, Liverpool's Juergen Klopp, Tottenham Hotspur's Mauricio Pochettino and Craig Shakespeare of Leicester City.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
ATHENS May 2 Greece's largest opposition party, the conservative New Democracy, said on Tuesday it would not support the deal cut by Athens and its lender when it comes to parliament.
"We will not vote in the new austerity measures that cut pension and tax Greece more," spokesperson Vassilis Kikilias told Reuters.
The government has a small but working majority. It is expected to succeed in passing the new measures which stem from the latest bailout review by the European Union and International Monetary Fund.
(Reporting by Lefteris Papadimas Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
For 65 years, Littlehampton Musical Comedy Society has entertained the people of Littlehampton and district with first-class shows, and this year's special ‘Sapphire' year was no exception as the Society decided to tackle ‘Legally Blonde – The Musical', a multi award- winning show first staged in London's West End in 2009 and only recently released for amateur societies to perform.
As with most musical comedy shows, the storyline of a ‘ditzy' blonde ending up in Harvard Law School and solving a murder, is only secondary to the song and dance routines, which in this show are plentiful, fast and furious!
One of the songs – ‘Whipped into Shape' can be used to describe Kelly Manchee's excellent direction skills, as they got the show going at a fast and furious pace, which never flagged during the whole show. There were seamless scene changes and bright, eye-catching costumes, which all added to the enjoyment of the show.
Musical Directors, Daniel Lacey and Harry Wells and their accomplished eleven-piece band, were hidden from view, but as most of the dialogue was sung, as well as the twenty show numbers, they hardly stoppped playing throughout the entire show, a veritable tour-de-force! Special mention must be given to 16 year-old Harry, a pupil at Felpham Community College, who surely must be the youngest Musical Director in the Society's history?
The varied, and at times frantic choreography, was the capable hands of Karen Etherington, and once again the whole cast showed their talents in dances ranging from Irish to Acrobatic – and everything inbetween!
Luckily for the audience, there was a glossary of American words in the programme, which helped with all the ‘Americanisms' unfamiliar to British ears. Capturing the true American flavour of the show was Saxona Woolgar, who played leading lady Elle. They were thoroghly at home in this very demanding role, singing non-stop for the whole show, and never once letting their American accent drop. Them performance was truly professional, and they were supported by a large cast of equally talented players, in the form of male suitors Craig Etherington, Luke Martin and Tim Kimber, who were all excellent in their roles.
Beverley Seal had perfect diction and a great singing voice in their supporting role of Paulette, and Michelle Shepherd-Ede gave yet another notable characterisation as murder suspect Brooke Wyndham. Likewise, Charlotte Grimes and Victoria Unsworth really got into character in their roles as Vivienne and Enid.
Saskia Whittle, Amanda Osborne and Amber Newbery gave dynamic and energetic performances as Elle's three college friends, and all three are extremely talented singers and dancers.
All the leading actors were supported by a hard-working chorus, who sang, danced and moved props and scenery effortlessly off-stage.
All the cast were very brave to appear with not one, but two dogs! Charlie as Bruiser Woods the Chihuahua, and Miss Peggy Pops as the pugnacious Rufus. Both canines played their roles to perfection, and it was heartwarming to see that a collection was made at the end of each show for the Dogs Trust.
Legally Blonde was a show that gave LMCS a chance to show off their enormously talented memb ers, in an up-to-date production and was an appropriate choice for the Sapphire Anniversary, as this show was a real ‘gem' and a ‘shining' example of how much talent the Society nurtures.
There were well-deserved ‘Full Houses' for all performances, and patrons are advised to book early for the LMCS next production – Dick Whittington – at the Windmill Theatre, January 18th - 21st.
Crystal Palace defender James Tomkins and striker Loic Remy are expected to feature in Sunday's Premier League trip to third-placed Liverpool, manager Sam Allardyce said on Thursday.
With on-loan Liverpool centre back Mamadou Sakho ineligible for Sunday's Anfield visit, Allardyce was pleased to see Tomkins available as a defensive reinforcement after they recovered from a calf injury.
Midfielder James McArthur and full back Patrick van Aanholt could also return to the starting lineup at Anfield after coming on as second-half substitutes against Leicester City last weekend.
"Loic Remy and James Tomkins are back in the squad," Allardyce told reporters at a news conference. "Good to see with such a congested week coming along.
"Obviously Mama can't play, so it's important that James (Tomkins) is back. (James) McArthur's back and so is Patrick van Aanholt."
Remy has endured a stop-start season on loan from Chelsea, making only seven appearances because of injury, but has recovered from a calf strain and will be back in contention for the first time since a late substitute's appearance in the 1-0 defeat at Stoke City in February.
With five victories in their last seven games, Palace have climbed up to 15th in the league and are seven points clear of the drop zone.
Allardyce has credited Sakho for playing a crucial role at the heart of Palace defence that has sparked their recent return to form.
The 62-year-old former England manager said they wanted Sakho to stay beyond their season-long loan deal at Selhurst Park if Palace avoid relegation.
"Mama's been one of the reasons behind recovery in recent weeks," Allardyce added. "Would we like to keep him? Yes. Can't talk about it until safe."
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
FILE PHOTO: Migrants wait to disembark from a vessel of ONG Medecins sans Frontieres (MSF) in the Sicilian harbour of Augusta, Italy, June 24, 2016.
ROME (Reuters) - Two more aid groups have suspended migrant rescues in the Mediterranean, joining Doctors Without Borders, because they felt threatened by the Libyan coastguard.
Save the Children and Germany's Sea Eye said on Sunday their crews could no longer work safely because of the hostile stance of the Libyan authorities. Doctors Without Borders - or Medecins sans Frontieres - cited the same concern when it said on Saturday it would halt Mediterranean operations.
"We leave a deadly gap in the Mediterranean," Sea Eye's founder Michael Busch Heuer warned on Facebook, adding that Libya had issued an "explicit threat" against non-government organisations operating in the area around its coast.
Libyan coastguard boats have repeatedly clashed with NGO vessels on the edge of Libyan waters, sometimes opening fire. The coastguard has defended such actions, saying the shooting was to assert control over rescue operations.
"In general, we do not reject (NGO) presence, but we demand from them more cooperation with the state of Libya ... they should show more respect to the Libyan sovereignty," coastguard spokesperson Ayoub Qassem told Reuters on Sunday.
Tension has also been growing for weeks between aid groups and the Italian government, which has suggested some NGOs are facilitating people smuggling, while Italy is trying to enhance the role of the Libyan coastguard in blocking migrant departures.
This month, Italy began a naval mission in Libyan waters to provide technical and operational support to its coastguard, despite opposition from factions in eastern Libya that oppose the U.N.-backed government based in Tripoli.
Immigration is dominating Italy's political agenda before elections early next year, with public opinion increasingly hostile to migrants. Almost 600,000 migrants have arrived in Italy over the past four years.
Most sailed from lawless Libya in flimsy vessels operated by people smugglers. More than 13,000 migrants have died trying to make the crossing.
Ships manned by charities have played a growing role in rescues, picking up more than a third of all migrants brought ashore so far this year, compared with less than one percent in 2014.
Aid groups and some Italian politicians warn that migrants intercepted by the Libyan coast guard are taken back to inhuman conditions in detention camps on the Libyan mainland.
However, prosecutors in Sicily have opened investigations against some NGOs, which they suspect of collaborating with people smugglers, and Rome has proposed a Code of Conduct setting stricter rules on how the groups can operate.
Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said in a newspaper interview on Sunday that Libya's growing role in controlling its waters was curbing people trafficking and producing a welcome "readjustment" in the Mediterranean.
MSF's decision to halt its rescue operations was part of this positive process, they told the newspaper La Stampa.
Save the Children said its rescue ship, the Vos Hestia, would dock in Malta until it received assurances about the intentions of the Libyan authorities.
Libya was trying to increase the range of the waters its ships controlled from 12 nautical miles around its coast to 70 nautical miles, the humanitarian organisation said.
"The necessary pause in operations from charity rescue ships likes ours and others will undoubtedly put lives at risk," its operations director, Rob MacGillivray, warned.
Libyan coastguard officials have previously said they have rights over operations dozens of miles beyond the territorial limit of 12 nautical miles, without clearly detailing the claims to such rights or how they could be enforced.
(This version of the story corrects name of German group to Sea Eye)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
March 31 Chesnara Plc:
* FY total group cash generation of £85.4 mln (31 December 2015: £82.4 mln)
* FY IFRS profit before tax of £40.7 mln (31 December 2015: £42.8 mln)
* FY IFRS total comprehensive income of £55.4 mln (31 December 2015: £39.6 mln)
* FY group solvency ratio of 158% (31 December 2015: 146%)
* Recommended final dividend of 12.69p per share (2015: 12.33p per share)
* DNB have confirmed their non-objection to legal & general nederland acquisition which is expected to complete in week commencing 3 April 2017
* Announces Legal and General Nederland acquisition and delivers strong value growth
* Full positive impact of Legal and General Nederland acquisition will be recognised on completion in 2017 results
* Should brexit changes to regulatory requirements, then model suitably flexible for co to potentially adopt an alternative regulatory model
* Optimistic that as uncertainty due to solvency II and FCA legacy review reduces, UK acquisition market will become more active Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Upon the invitation of the Council for Foreign Relations, Polish Nobel Laureate and former Polish President Lech Walesa gave a talk at the University of Asia and the Pacific recently. The distinguished personality was credited with having successfully empowered the trade union movement in Poland, whose rugged determination produced a strong countervailing force to a repressive government.
Working in the Lenin Shipyard as an electrician, Lech Walesa became a trade union activist who was arrested several times. Through their strong labor movement, creative diplomacy and the help of the Polish Church, the astute negotiator was able to force the Communist regime to sit across the negotiating table and hammer out the groundbreaking Gdansk Agreement in 1980 between the workers and the government. This was the initial salvo that produced development leading to the full flowering of democracy in their native land and the withdrawal of foreign troops.
President of Poland Lech Walesa not only successfully negotiated the withdrawal of foreign troops from their country, they also engineered the transition of Poland from a socialist to a market economy, the holding in 1991 of the first completely free parliamentary elections and last but not the least, restored the respect for life by promoting pro-life legislation.
To the credit of President Lech Walesa, they produced a formula for a peaceful transition from oppression to freedom without the use of force. Indeed, this was the same formula successfully applied in this country in the so-called EDSA Revolution.
There is a strong commonality between the Polish Spring and the EDSA Revolution, which followed later.
Both were determined to promote regime change through peaceful methods.
Secondly, it was anchored on the social doctrine of the Church, which is the promotion of freedom and Christian solidarity.
Thirdly, it benefited greatly from the intervention of the Church, St. John Paul, in particular.
Lastly, it restored democratic space after decades of political repression.
The success of the solidarity movement was anchored on a tactical alliance with the Church of Poland and the leftist intelligentsia. It is a fact that when a wave of protests took place in the town of Gdansk in 1980, the workers were being assisted by elements of the Polish Church and well-educated professionals. In the case of the Philippines the support of Cardinal Sin, plus that of influential chambers of business like the Makati Business Club, the Management Association of the Philippines and Financial Executives, not to mention the disgruntled officers of the RAM, turned the tide in favor of the opposition.
During the EDSA Revolution, the nuns, locked arm-in-arm, stood before the tanks of Mr. Marcos even as the RAM and elements from the NPA provided security cover for the marchers. Curiously enough, radicals from the left and the right joined the economic elite to present a united front against the government. This unique collaboration between the conservative and leftist groups made for a strange collaboration of unique bedfellows, ideologically speaking. The same situation obtained in Poland, where Left-inclined proletariat linked arms with conservative forces allied to the Church.
In Poland, as in the Philippines, the Church gradually evolved in its relationship with the government in power, from one of critical collaboration with the government to a more decisive supporter for the forces of the opposition. Critical collaboration in the beginning was shown in the tolerance of the political order, even when the Philippine government went after the clergy, and in Poland, where an atheistic Marxist regime went hammer and tongs against the Church.
In Poland, the Church became a catalyst for the progress of the opposition movement, while in the Philippines, they lent their voice to the opposition, giving it full moral support. In Poland, the Church became a refuge for many from oppositionist Catholic press, despite its many restrictions. Through their priests and bishops, they also lent support to the Solidarity movement, while working as mediator between members of the opposition and the Communist government. Similarly, in the Philippines, it was precisely the Church, using its mass base, which made the organizing of a huge gathering of people possible in such a short period of time. Moreover, aside from the Catholic Radio station “Veritas,” which was closed by Marcos during the People Power Revolution, the events were brought to the public by Radio Bandido, a radio run clandestinely by the Jesuit, James Reuter SJ.
In the case of National Citizens' Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL), which facilitated the accurate and fast counting of the votes that allowed the opposition to overcome the overwhelming power of the administration, it was undoubtedly thanks to the commitment of priests and bishops, which produced a network of half a million volunteers, who conducted their own ballot count independent of that provided by the government-run COMELEC. It will be recalled that it was the NAMFREL which would later uncover the many cases of abuse and falsification of the electoral votes.
The important role played by the priests and bishops, such as Cardinal Jaime Sin, in lending moral and spiritual support to the civic initiatives organized by the opposition cannot be overstated. Moreover, the role played in Poland and the EDSA Revolution in the Philippines by the Polish pope, St. John Paul II, cannot be ignored or exaggerated. Indeed, their visits to Poland in 1979, 1983 and 1987 and to the Philippines in 1981 not only inspired but also forced both national governments to be open to compromise as both governments wanted to look good in front of the foreign press. Before the Papal visit to the Philippines, Marcos lifted Martial Law and created a small democratic space which lifted, if only slightly, the yoke of oppression, whilst in Poland, in keeping with agreements made earlier, Martial Law was formally lifted and many political prisoners released after the Pope's second visit to Poland in 1983.
In sum, the role in the political liberation of both Poland and the Philippines does demonstrate the important role that the Church can play in the sociopolitical field, if it wishes to do so.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Talkweb Information System Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 to decrease by 40 percent to 70 percent, compared to net profit of FY 2016 (211.5 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/4VsSba
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
File Photo: Jack Dorsey, CEO of Square and CEO of Twitter, speaks during an interview November 19, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/Files
Twitter Inc Chief Executive Jack Dorsey snapped up more than half a million of the company's shares for about $9.5 million, a regulatory filing on Friday showed.
Dorsey bought 574,002 Twitter shares in multiple transactions at prices ranging between $16.47 and $16.74 per share, according to the filing. bit.ly/2oUhQFO
That adds to the roughly $7 million worth of Twitter stock Dorsey bought earlier this year, bringing the total number of shares they have purchased this year to 1 million, the CEO said in a tweet.
According to the filing, Dorsey now owns about 16 million Twitter shares, which equates to a stake of about 2.2 percent in the company they co-founded.
Dorsey's disclosure comes a day after Twitter reported better-than-expected user growth for its first quarter, following several quarters of stalled growth.
Twitter's shares rose 1 percent to $16.65 after the bell on Friday.
The stock closed up nearly 5 percent in regular trading on Friday, adding to a gain of roughly 8 percent on Thursday when the company reported its results.
(Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
FRANKFURT Record levels of renewable energy capacity were added across the world in 2016 but the falling costs of green power equipment led to a 23 percent decline in money spent on investments, UN-backed research showed on Thursday.
Wind, solar and other renewables capacity totaling 138.5 gigawatts (GW) was added to global power generation capacity last year, 8 percent more than in 2015, a Frankfurt School of Finance report said.
But investments to achieve this totaled $241.6 billion, compared with $312.2 in the previous year, mainly due to falling equipment costs as technologies mature, and economies of scale.
"There is no let-up in the clean energy investment drive," Ulf Moslener, professor for sustainable energy finance at the school and one of the report's authors, told reporters.
"Investors received more capacity for less money."
The average capital expenditure for solar photovoltaics and wind dropped by over 10 percent year-on-year and the unit cost of producing power from onshore wind turbines dropped by 15 percent and that from turbines offshore by 25 percent.
"Wind and solar energy have arrived at costs that would have seemed inconceivably low a few years ago," Moslener said.
Investment in new renewables capacity, which avoids emitting carbon dioxide when being operated, was roughly double that in fossil fuel generation, they also noted.
Investors were keen to build new installations, or acquire existing ones, borne out by acquisition activity rising by 17 percent to a record $110.3 billion.
But a dent in the positive trends comes from the still small proportion of electricity actually being derived from weather-dependent renewables.
Excluding large hydro projects for their questionable environmental role, it rose to just 11.3 percent of world power generation, up from 10.3 percent a year earlier.
The lower investment sum, apart from the better cost effectiveness per dollar spent, also resulted from a slowdown in China, Japan and other emerging markets, mainly due to slower than expected growth in demand for power.
China broke an 11-year rising trend, seeing investments drop by 32 percent to $78.3 billion, Japan's slumped by 56 percent to $14.4 billion and those in the United States slipped by 10 percent to $64.4 billions as developers lengthened construction periods to benefit from a five-year extension of tax credits.
Europe saw a 3 percent rise to $59.8 billion, led by Britain and Germany.
The report was prepared by the Frankfurt School-United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Collaborating Centre and Bloomberg New Energy Finance.
(Reporting by Vera Eckert, editing by David Evans)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
April 6 Nanobiotix SA:
* Nanobiotix launches capital increase by means of an accelerated bookbuild offering
* Intends to issue up to 1,596,527 new shares ("new shares"), representing up to 9.99 pct of company's issued share capital
* New shares would be issued through a capital increase without shareholders' pre-emptive rights Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that their notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(The Sports Xchange) - Japan's Haru Nomura maintained their lead through three rounds of the LPGA Texas Shootout despite a late stumble on Saturday in Irving, Texas.
Nomura double-bogeyed the par-three 17th en route to a one-over 72 in windy conditions at Las Colinas Country Club.
 They are at eight-under 205 and owns a two-shot lead entering Sunday's final round.
American Cristie Kerr (70), one of six players to break par Saturday, is in a three-way tie for second with South Koreans Park In-bee (71) and amateur Seong Eun-Jeong (69).
American Stacy Lewis surged into contention with a 66, the best round of the day.  They are alone in fifth place and the only other player within three shots of the lead.
Nomura, who led by one shot after 36 holes, said they were not bothered by the blustery conditions despite the late wobble at the 17th.
"Windy (is) easy," said Nomura, a two-time winner on the LPGA Tour last year. "I like windy and tough conditions, from fairway to green. I love it."
Kerr, who won in Hawaii two weeks ago, was happy with their round that included three birdies and a pair of bogeys.
"God I played really hard today," Kerr said. "It would have been nice to make a few more putts but standing on the first tee, anything under par you would have taken it. It was a really difficult day."
Seong will be trying to join an elite bunch as they play in the final pairing with Nomura. Only four amateurs have won on the LPGA Tour, with world No. 1 Lydia Ko the last to do so in 2013.
"I thought just even par is just so good, but I started birdie-birdie, which is why I played very easy today," Seong said. "I feel good."
Ko withdrew from the tournament Saturday morning due to an eye infection. They were one-over through their first two rounds.
(Editing by Andrew Both)
Dollar, Euro and Pound banknotes are seen in this picture illustration taken April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
SINGAPORE The dollar traded below a six-week high against the yen on Wednesday, as the market awaited the Federal Reserve's policy statement for hints on the U.S. interest rate outlook, while the kiwi rose on the back of higher dairy prices.
The Federal Reserve is widely expected to keep interest rates unchanged at the end of its two-day policy meeting on Wednesday, but investors will look to see whether the central bank downplays the recent soft patch in the economy to leave the door open for a rate increase in June.
The dollar last traded at 112.04 yen JPY=, not very far from Tuesday's peak of 112.33 yen, the greenback's strongest level since March 21.
With Japanese markets closed for a public holiday on Wednesday and the rest of the week, market liquidity is likely to be thinner than usual.
The greenback pulled away from its six-week high after weak U.S. April auto sales data released on Tuesday added to worries that the Fed may eventually take a more dovish-than-expected view on interest rate increases over the remainder of the year.
The weak U.S. auto sales figures could make market participants wary of actively buying the dollar against the yen for now, said Satoshi Okagawa, senior global markets analyst for Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in Singapore.
"Concerns about geopolitical risks such as North Korea had weighed on the dollar against the yen recently... But the focus is shifting to whether the (strength) of U.S. economic fundamentals is for real," they said.
"There is more data coming up including the jobs data, so those need to be watched closely," Okagawa said, referring to the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report due on Friday. ECONUS
The euro inched up 0.1 percent to $1.0934 EUR=EBS, trading within sight of a 5-1/2 month high of $1.0951 scaled last week.
The euro saw a relief rally last week, after Emmanuel Macron's victory against anti-euro nationalist Marine Le Pen in the first round of France's presidential elections. The runoff vote is on May 7.
The New Zealand dollar rose in early Asian trade on Wednesday, after global dairy prices rose for the fourth international auction in a row, a strong indicator that last year's recovery is back on track.
The New Zealand dollar touched a one-week high at $0.6969 and was last trading at $0.6951 NZD=D3, up 0.2 percent from late U.S. trading on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Masayuki Kitano; Editing by Sam Holmes)
UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
On Wednesday, Seattle became the latest city to sue the Trump administration over the Jan. 25 executive order vowing to strip federal funding from “sanctuary jurisdictions” – cities, counties and towns that the administration deems to be insufficiently cooperative with its immigration enforcement policies.
Seattle joins the Massachusetts cities of Chelsea and Lawrence and the California cities of San Francisco and Santa Clara, which have also gone to court to challenge the constitutionality of the executive order and the Trump administration's interpretation of the underlying immigration statute.
Dozens of other cities and counties, as well as the state of California, have filed friend-of-the-court briefs in the California cases, which are headed for a major hearing on April 14. San Francisco and Santa Clara have both moved for preliminary injunctions to block the government from cutting off their federal funding.
U.S. District Judge William Orrick of San Francisco will oversee a joint hearing on both injunction motions next month. That will be an important test of the cities' legal theories because San Francisco and Santa Clara must show they are likely to win on the merits in order to block the executive order.
Seattle and the Massachusetts cities are pursuing a slightly different legal strategy. They have not asked for a preliminary injunction but want declaratory judgments that their policies comply with federal law and that the executive order is unconstitutional.
In combination, the four lawsuits challenging the Trump executive order on sanctuary cities raise myriad constitutional concerns. Between them, the cities argue the Trump policy violates the Fifth and Tenth Amendments, the Spending Clause and the fundamental constitutional principle of separation of powers.
The Trump executive order, titled "Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States," included a provision stating that sanctuary jurisdictions "willfully refuse to comply" with federal immigration laws. Those laws, the executive order said, allow cooperation between local law enforcement agencies and federal immigration officials. According to the order, denying federal funds to designated sanctuary jurisdictions is a means of assuring compliance with the law.
The Justice Department has not yet directly addressed the cities' constitutional arguments against the Trump sanctuary policy. In a response to San Francisco's bid for a preliminary injunction, DOJ said "aliens who enter the United States illegally" pose a threat to national security that is "heightened when jurisdictions choose to violate federal immigration law to shield illegal aliens - many of whom have been incarcerated by federal, state or local authorities - from federal immigration authorities."
DOJ also said that the executive order has not changed the obligations of state and local authorities nor attempted to expand the authority of the federal government. “The executive order does nothing more than direct enforcement of preexisting duties under federal law,” the DOJ brief said. (The Justice Department also argued that the California cities are not entitled to a preliminary injunction because they have not yet been denied federal funds.)
As the cities' complaints point out, the Trump executive order on sanctuary jurisdictions implicates billions of dollars in federal funds to these cities, counties and towns. Given the consequences, it's worth taking a close look at why the cities believe the administration is violating the Constitution.
All of the complaints claim breaches of the Tenth Amendment, which says that states have all of the powers the Constitution has not delegated to the federal government. Broadly speaking, there are two theories of why the Trump sanctuary city policy violates the Tenth Amendment: It allegedly interferes with state and local rights to set their own law enforcement policies and it unconstitutionally commandeers state officials to enforce federal policies.
There's plenty of precedent underlying the cities' arguments that the federal government cannot force states to bow to federal authority on matters of state law. In 1997's Printz v. U.S., for instance, the Supreme Court found a breach of the Tenth Amendment in a federal gun control provision requiring local law enforcement officials to conduct background checks on prospective handgun buyers. In 1992's New York v. U.S., the justices said the Tenth Amendment bars the federal government from requiring states to abide by its regulations for disposing of nuclear waste.
The cities challenging the Trump sanctuary policy argue that it's an especially offensive usurpation of state and local authority because the administration's insistence on detaining immigrants at the direction of the Department of Homeland Security could expose local law enforcement agencies to civil rights claims. As the state complaints note, at least two federal circuits have allowed claims against law enforcement agencies by detainees held on warrants from Immigration Control and Enforcement.
The cities contend the federal government runs afoul of the constitution's Spending Clause when it attempts to use its funding power to force states to adopt its policies, as the Supreme Court held in its first Obamacare decision, 2012's National Federation of Independent Businesses v. Sebelius. Though that decision upheld much of the Affordable Care Act, the justices struck down the law's penalty on states that chose not to expand Medicaid because it deemed the penalty to be coercive. The cities challenging the sanctuary policy claim the administration's threat to cut off federal funds is also unconstitutionally coercive.
Santa Clara and the Massachusetts cities argue the Trump policy also violates the Fifth Amendment's Due Process Clause. “The executive order does not provide meaningful guidance as to what municipalities must do to continue to receive funding, and it encourages arbitrary enforcement of penalties by the executive branch,” the Massachusetts suit said. Santa Clara said the order does not even include assurances that cities, counties and towns will be notified if they have been deemed sanctuary jurisdictions and face the loss of federal funds.
Most fundamentally, the cities' complaints assert that by threatening to deprive sanctuary jurisdictions of federal funds, the Trump administration is violating separation-of-powers principles by interfering with congressional hegemony over federal spending.
The essence of the argument, as San Francisco's suit states it: “The executive order effectively legislates a sanction … by using the (federal immigration) statute as a basis to broadly deny federal grants to municipalities that have made a policy decision to focus law enforcement resources on local problems and limit their entanglement with federal immigration enforcement,” the complaint said. “The president's unilateral imposition of this new sanction and condition on spending is not supported by any act of Congress.”
In fact, the California cities argued, Congress considered but did not enact a 2015 bill that would have conditioned federal funding on compliance with federal immigration enforcement directives. The sponsor of the Senate version of the bill, which died in committee, was Jeff Sessions, then a Republican senator and now, of course, the U.S. Attorney General.
The cities have some high-powered legal help on their sanctuary policy challenges. Santa Clara is working with Keker & Van Nest, the Massachusetts cities with Goodwin Procter and Seattle with Mayer Brown. (San Francisco city attorneys don't seem to be using outside counsel.) The lawyers have enveloped the Trump policy in a big constitutional dust cloud. Let's see if it sticks.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Actor Jude Law attends the photocall for the movie 'The Young Pope' at the 73rd Venice Film Festival in Venice, Italy September 3, 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
FILE PHOTO - Actor Jude Law attends the photocall for the movie 'The Young Pope' at the 73rd Venice Film Festival in Venice, Italy September 3, 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi/File Photo
British actor Jude Law has been cast to play a young version of Hogwarts' venerable principal Albus Dumbledore, a key character in the second film of J.K. Rowling's "Fantastic Beasts" movie spinoff, Warner Bros. said on Wednesday.
Law, 44, best known for their role as Dr. John Watson in the "Sherlock Holmes" action movies, will play Dumbledore decades before they became the beloved principal of Hogwarts, the school where Harry Potter and their friends learned to become wizards and fight dark forces in society.
Rowling, who created Dumbledore for their best-selling "Harry Potter" books, has said they think of them as a gay man who fell in love, when they were younger, with Gellert Grindelwald, who later turned out to be evil and violent.
They told reporters in New York last year that the second "Fantastic Beasts" movie would show Dumbledore "as a younger man and quite a troubled man — they aren't always the sage. ... We'll see them at that formative period of their life."
Johnny Depp will play Grindelwald in the second movie, for which Rowling has written the screenplay, Warner Bros. said in a statement. Filming will start this summer.
The five-movie spinoff is set some 70 years before Harry Potter goes to Hogwarts and features some new and some familiar Potter characters. The story centers around Newt Scamander, a "magizoologist" with a suitcase full of strange creatures.
Several British actors were considered for the role of young Dumbledore, including Christian Bale, Benedict Cumberbatch and Jared Harris, according to Hollywood publication Variety.
"We are thrilled to have Jude Law joining the 'Fantastic Beasts' cast, playing a character so universally adored," said Toby Emmerich, president and chief content officer of Warner Bros. Pictures.
The first "Fantastic Beasts" film, released in November, made some $813 million at the global box office. The second of the movies, which is yet to be titled, is due for release in November 2018.
The eight "Harry Potter" movies made $7 billion at the global box office.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Andrew Hay and Richard Chang)
Make a choice, to take a chance, or your life wont change- Storm player Opportunities
PRO PREMIER PLAYER OPPORTUNITIES
Media Contact
Storm Media FCSC
info@santaclaritastorm.com Storm Media FCSC
End
-- The Storm returns to league action next Saturday night in a 7:00pm match. The Storm will face Sporting San Fernando 2-3-1 for the first time. Sporting San Fernando is a spin off team from FC Hasental who disbanded last season. Head Coach and owner Jon Meyers has assembled a fast hard playing team that will be a challenge for the struggling Storm 2-4-0. Both teams looking to improve and pickup a needed 3 points. The Storm will see the return of Center Back Albi Skendi off with yellow card suspension and from personal leave away Defesive Midfielder Brett Croft. The Storm will also see the return of a healthy Striker/ Midfielder John Lopez who had been out with an injury a long with midfielder Nelson Peraza. Storm is looking very storm going in this weekend to face a team they are completely unfamiular with. However on the other hand Jon Meyers who as mentioned coached FC Hasental the last two seasons in the UPSL. Is very famiular with the Storm and has the makeup of a very competitive game. The game will be at Sporting home field 7500 Charminade Ave at Charmaine High School. Follow the Storm on their new site atwww.santaclaritastorm.netMany dream of playing professional soccer, and many have the talent. What most no one has been the path to more opportunities to accomplish that dream. Many players that have played in the UPSL are now competing in the professional level of the game. A dream creates the desire that creates the motivation to reach your goal.Santa Clarita Storm established in 2006 has given many young talented players the avenue to pursue their dreams and participate at a fast moving high level game that improves ones skills and abilities. Players can stage their talents in every game at the UPSL level. In the 10 year history the Storm have had several players move on to the upper levels of US Soccer.- Played in USL Pro Rochester RhinoPlayed USL OC Blues -USL , Minnesota United -NASL- Played NASL Atlanta Siverbacks, USL Pittsburg Riverhounds- Minnesota United-NASL, Leon Lega Mex , US National Team , Minnesota United MLS (present)Are a few that have moved on to the upper professional stage of soccer, however we have a player Bret Croft who left the team for a season to play professional division in Sweden and has return to the storm. Defender Mathew Pasquale now playing professionally in Sweden.Do you have what it takes? do you Dare to Dream, do you Dare to try, do you Dare to Fail, do you Dare to Succeed.Interested players contact the Storm at www.santaclaritastorm.net/ contact
Britain's Prime Minister, Theresa May, greets Donald Tusk, the President of the European Council, outside 10 Downing Street, in central London, Britain April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
BRUSSELS The European Union will only be able to conclude talks on Britain's exit if it stays united, which means the bloc's unity is in Britain's interest, the chairperson of EU summits Donald Tusk said on Saturday.
Speaking to reporters before an EU summit to approve EU guidelines for negotiations with Britain, Tusk repeated the 27 countries remaining in the EU wanted a "close and strong future relationship" with London.
"There is absolutely no question about it. But before discussing the future, we have to sort out our past. We will handle it fairly. It is the only possible way to move forward," they said, referring to Britain's financial commitments to the EU budget, made well before the decision to leave.
"We need to remain united as EU 27. It is only then that we will be able to conclude the negotiations, which means that our unity is also in the UK's interest," they said.
Tusk said the EU wanted solid guarantees for all citizens and their families who will be affected by Brexit in Britain and in the EU -- a total of around five million people.
"This must be the number one priority for the EU and the UK. The Commision has already prepared a precise and detailed list of citizens' rights we want to protect," they said.
Tusk said this position had strong support from all EU institutions and the 27 governments.
"I know this is something unique, but I am confident it is something that will not change," they said.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski and Philip Blenkinsop)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
(Army Press Release) Troops of 3 Battalions, 22 Brigade Nigerian Armies on Operation LAFIYA DOLE, assisted by 10 Civilian JTFs based on information received, on Monday 16th April 2017, embarked on an offensive on suspected location of Boko Haram terrorists at Jarawa general area, Kala Balge Local Government Area of Borno State. While advancing, the troops came under heavy fire at Jarawa village.
Army Spokesman, Brigadier General Sani Kukasheka Usman
said in a statement, the troops responded decisively and went further to clear Deima, Artano, Saduguma, Duve, Bardo, Kala, Bok, Msherde and Ahirde settlements.
During the operation, the troops neutralized 21 Boko Haram terrorists, rescued 1,623 residents of Jarawa who were held captives by the terrorists. They also recovered 3 AK-47 Rifles with registration numbers 565222414, 563729686 and UF 3646, a 36 Hand Grenade, 12 Cutlasses and 4 Motorcycles.
The rescued persons have been escorted to Rann Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) Camp, while all the children were vaccinated.
One significant aspect of this operation, according to the Army, is that the unit noted for its experience in battle, resilience and bravery did not record any casualty.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Why Joe Girardi pulled Masahiro Tanaka after just 93 pitches BOSTON — Masahiro Tanaka didn't record a strikeout and still managed to pitch seven good innings for the Yankees, but it wasn't enough Thursday night in a crushing 7-5 defeat...
Dellin Betances blows it again as Yankees suffer crushing loss BOSTON — The Yankees have 16 games left to play — but after Thursday's 7-5 debacle against the Red Sox, it sure felt like their season was over. Dellin Betances,...
NEW YORK Oil futures rose on Monday due to uncertainty on the situation in Syria, one of several risk concerns that helped cap stock gains and send U.S. Treasury yields down along with the U.S. dollar.
Jitters about the upcoming French presidential election, North Korea and U.S.-Syria tensions underpinned safe-haven demand for safer U.S. government debt.
Oil prices rose more than 1 percent, helping the S&P 500 end the session with tiny gains boosted by energy stocks. Crude was supported by a shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield over the weekend and tensions following last week's U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base in retaliation for a poison gas attack on civilians.
Brent crude futures LCOc1, the international benchmark for oil prices, settled up 1.3 percent at $55.98 per barrel and U.S. crude futures CLc1 settled up 1.6 percent at $53.08.
The S&P's energy sector .SPNY was the benchmark's biggest driver with a 0.8 percent gain. [.N]
"You've had a lot of geopolitical news that could have driven this market a lot lower, and I think it's a huge relief that the market has held up so well," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma, which has about $50 million in assets under management.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 1.92 points, or 0.01 percent, to 20,658.02, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 1.62 points, or 0.07 percent, to 2,357.16 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 3.11 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,880.93.
Trading was slow in U.S. equities at the start of a shortened holiday week in what turned out to be the lightest trading day so far this year for U.S. exchanges, according to Reuters data. [.N]
Traders attributed a stock dip around noon EDT (1600 GMT) to unverified rumours stemming from weekend reports related to North Korea.
A U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday that a U.S. Navy strike group will be moving towards the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons program.
Some equity investors were also holding as they geared up for the U.S. earnings season, which kicks off this week with first-quarter reports from some of the biggest banks.
Investors were also waiting for clues on U.S. central bank balance-sheet trimming from Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, who was scheduled to participate in a discussion on public policy at the University of Michigan.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury US10YT=RR was 2.362 percent, down 1 basis point from Friday, while the yield on 30-year US30YT=RR was 1 basis point lower at 2.988 percent.
"You are getting some safe-haven bids on geopolitical concerns," said Guy LeBas, chief fixed income strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
The dollar index .DXY, which tracks the greenback against six major currencies, was down 0.16 percent as traders consolidated Friday's gains on low volume. The dollar had risen 0.5 percent Friday.
The MSCI all world stock index .MIWD00000PUS was up 0.02 percent. European stocks ended the day flat as investors eyed France's upcoming presidential election.
(Additional reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch and Richard Leong in New York, Vikram Subhedar and Abhinav Ramnarayann in London; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish)
March 28 American Electric Technologies Inc :
* AETI announces q4 and fy2016 results
* Q4 revenue rose 22 percent to $9.4 million
* American Electric Technologies Inc- Q4 ending backlog of $13.5 million, which is up 24pct from $10.9m at end of Q3
* American Electric Technologies Inc qtrly loss per share $0.21 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Somali security officers secure the scene of a suicide car explosion in front of the national theatre in Somalia's capital Mogadishu. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
MOGADISHU A car bomb targeting senior officials leaving a military base in Mogadishu killed at least 15 people and destroyed a minibus carrying civilians, the Somali military said on Sunday, an attack claim by Islamist al Shabaab militants.
It occurred a week after President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed replaced their security chiefs and called on al Shabaab fighters to surrender within 60 days in return for education and jobs
"At least 15 people, mostly civilians, died in (Sunday's) the blast," Somali Major Hussein Nur told Reuters. "We do not know the exact figure of casualties. All the people on board the ruined minibus perished. Soldiers and other private security guards also died."
A Reuters witness at the scene of the explosion saw a wrecked minibus, human flesh and damage to the tarmac road. Roads were sealed off even to private ambulances.
A government official said given the state of the dead bodies, it would be difficult to give an exact death toll.
"Many people died but we cannot know the exact figure of casualties. We cannot count human flesh," Abdifatah Omar Halane, spokesperson for Mogadishu's mayor, told reporters.
Al Shabaab, waging an increasingly deadly campaign of bombings despite losing most of its territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the Somali government, was behind the attack, according to Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Qaeda-affiliated group's spokesperson for military operations.
Nur said the car bomber appeared intent on hitting a convoy carrying Somali military commander Ahmed Mohamed Jimale and other senior officers, but was not close enough to cause any casualties among their entourage.
Al Shabaab confirmed Jimale was their intended target, and that they had killed seven of their bodyguards in the attack.
(Additional reporting by Abdirahman Hussein; writing by George Obulutsa; editing by Mark Heinrich)
WELLINGTON A lawyer for a man facing extradition to China on murder charges told New Zealand's High Court on Monday that the government in Wellington could not rely on assurances from China that the man would not be tortured or receive the death penalty.
The challenge against New Zealand's first extradition to China is the second blow in a week to the Asian giant's attempts to seize criminal suspects who have fled abroad, including corrupt officials and business executives it is chasing under "Operation Fox Hunt".
Australia cancelled a vote last week to ratify an extradition treaty with China, 10 years after it was signed, after losing opposition support just days after Premier Li Kequiang made a state visit.
Political opposition to extradition in New Zealand and Australia stems from concerns over China's human rights record, with rights groups regularly accusing Beijing of obtaining confessions through torture or under duress.
"We might have assurances that someone's not going to be put to death, but can (Justice Minister Amy Adams) really believe those assurances when there's evidence that people disappear," said Tony Ellis, a lawyer acting for the man facing extradition, South Korean-born New Zealand resident Kyung Yup Kim.
"They (Chinese courts) are not judicially independent and we must fight against this to preserve our system," they said.
China's Foreign Ministry, which was closed for a public holiday, did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
New Zealand agreed in December 2015 to extradite Kim to Shanghai on murder charges after the body of a 20-year-old woman, who had been strangled to death, was found in a Shanghai field in 2009.
Kim had been held in New Zealand custody since 2011. They were released on bail last year and has been living with family members in Auckland. [L4N19P0JP]
Chinese President Xi Jinping's administration has tightened control over almost every aspect of civil society since 2012, citing the need to buttress national security and stability.
During that time, China has detained or questioned hundreds of human rights lawyers and other government critics, international rights groups have said.
Human rights advocates have also been alarmed by the case of a Chinese academic with Australian residency who was released from a week-long detention in Guangzhou on Sunday. The man, Feng Chongyi, had been detained at the airport while attempting to fly back to their home in Sydney.
Feng said they were subjected to daily interrogations after conducting interviews for a project on Chinese human rights lawyers and their political aspirations.
(Reporting By Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Jane Wardell and Paul Tait)
May 2 ConocoPhillips reported a quarterly profit on Tuesday, compared with a year-earlier loss, helped by a gain on its sale of oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc.
The company's net profit was $800 million, or 62 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with a net loss of $1.5 billion, or $1.18 per share, a year earlier.
ConocoPhillips' production, excluding Libya, rose 6 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd) to 1,584 million boepd. (Reporting by Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
A Wellingborough man has pleaded not guilty to attempted murder.
Daniel Jones-Stray, 20, denied the charge and one charge of possession of a firearm with intent at Northampton Crown Court on Tuesday (April 18).
The charges relate to an incident which saw a 15-year-old boy shot and injured on the Hemmingwell estate, and the associated shooting of a property in Minerva Way, Wellingborough, in September 2015.
Jones-Stray was charged by detectives from Operation Worcester, a police drive to tackle drugs and firearms offences.
They will now face a trial in September this year.
SEOUL, April 6 Daily net trading in shares on South Korea's main stock exchange by three major categories of investors as of 0731 GMT, in billions of South Korean won (a negative figure indicates net selling): FOREIGNERS INSTITUTIONS RETAIL April 6 *-92.8 -119.6 168.5 ^April 5 -7.6 -167.2 128 April 4 -101.6 -123.5 179.4 April 3 -22.0 31.2 -59.3 March 31 25.7 32.9 -111.0 March 30 89.4 -169.2 65.6 March 29 -61.8 -26.4 36.8 March 28 20.7 -81.8 1.9 March 27 36.4 -104.7 16.7 March 24 -89.1 220.7 -186.8 March 23 52.6 18.2 -128.4 March 22 -96.2 -116.9 181.3 March 21 362.7 -189.9 -234.8 March 20 -84.8 -51.7 85.0 March 17 251.2 -210.4 -93.5 Month to date -224.0 -379.1 416.6 Year to date 5,228.4 -5,327.0 -2,269.7 * Foreign investors have been net sellers for four consecutive sessions, bringing their sales for the period to a net 224 billion won ($197.68 million) worth. ^ April 5 figures revised. ($1 = 1,133.1500 won) (Reporting by Suyeong Lee)
FRANKFURT, April 28 Ergo, Munich Re's troubled primary insurance company, is making a digital push in the massive Chinese market.
Mark Klein, Ergo's chief digital officer, recently visited China to explore how the insurer can partner on data with Chinese companies, such as the telecommunication giant China Unicom and the e-commerce business JD.com. Ergo aims to use data to grow its insurance business.
Klein gave details of their trip this week in a post on an Ergo blog. Ergo's parent Munich Re, the reinsurance company whose profit is set to drop in 2017 for a fifth consecutive year, has been highlighting its digital efforts and tweeted the blog on Friday.
Investors voiced concern this week at Munich Re's annual meeting that multiple digital initiatives have been slow to translate into profit and growth.
In their blog, Klein described a meeting with China Unicom: "A formal setting, translators, a huge table."
"China Unicom wants to develop its business with data and we want to be one of its first customers," they wrote.
"We entered a strategic partnership. The goal: to combine data analytics applications with the expertise of the insurance company."
Klein also said they met with Talking Data, which they described as the Google Analytics of China. It captures the data from more than half a billion devices and knows user figures of all apps in China, they wrote.
"Here, too, we are working on a cooperation," they wrote. "The intention is that they help ERGO China Life to identify potential clients and improve sales agents management."
Ergo was unable to immediately provide figures for its China business.
In 2016, Ergo generated nearly a quarter of revenue internationally, according to information on its website. Ergo posted a loss last year but expects to post a profit this year following restructuring and layoffs.
Ergo hired Klein last year from T-Mobile Netherlands. (Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Keith Weir)
March 31 Silver Standard Resources Inc
* Silver Standard exercises option to form joint venture with Golden Arrow for Chinchillas project
* Anticipate construction at Chinchillas to begin during Q3 of 2017
* Anticipate ore delivery to Pirquitas mill expected in second half of 2018
* Joint venture will be comprised of Silver Standard's Pirquitas property and Golden Arrow's Chinchillas property Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Oxford University Press launches
Oxford Compact English-English Assamese Dictionary
– Bilingual dictionary to build English language vocabulary and enable the learning of English with the help of one's mother tongue
– Key features include 24,000 words, phrases, idioms, phrasal verbs and derivatives with their translations in Assamese
– Pronunciation guide of English words and 500 notes on spelling, grammar and pronunciation
– Over 200 illustrations, 13,000 example sentences and 1,100 synonyms and opposites
Wednesday, June 14, 2017: Oxford University Press (OUP) today announced the launch of the Compact English-English Assamese Dictionary, offering speakers of Assamese a vital tool for learning the English language. The Oxford Compact English-English Assamese Dictionary is a notable addition to OUP's 23 (twenty-three) existing bilingual dictionaries in Indian Languages. OUP's world-renowned dictionaries, available in print and digital formats, help millions of learners around the world with their learning needs every year.
The Compact English-English Assamese Dictionary was launched at an event in the city that was attended by several distinguished guests including educators, academicians and representatives from several educational institutions. The guests of honour at the event included Padmashri Dhirendra Nath Bezbaruah, Founder Editor of the Sentinel, Dr. Dayananda Borgohain, Chairman – Assam Higher Secondary Education Council, Shri Harekrishna Deka, Former DGP of Assam and Shri Simanta Kumar Das, Secretary – Assam Higher Secondary Education Council.
The launch of the dictionary was followed by an engaging panel Discussion on the subject “Bilingual Learning Materials – An Effective Medium to Develop English Proficiency Skills.”
Speaking at the dictionary launch, Paras Bansal, Business Head – Higher Education, Trade and Professional Learning, OUP India said “The development of the pedagogically advanced English-English Assamese Dictionary is a significant milestone for OUP's professional learning programme – this launch gives us extended reach into the vital Assamese market which has a large young population desirous of improving their proficiency in the English language, for both personal and professional development.” They added “The development of customized local learning solutions is testimony to OUP's long-standing commitment to the Indian marketplace, where we have successfully operated for over 105 years.”
Research across the world around pedagogy and the impact of bilingual learning instructions suggests that bilingual teaching methodologies accentuate existing vocabulary capacities and reduce attrition in the usage of the language. OUP in India has so far developed and launched 23 bilingual dictionaries and 10 bilingual grammar books (titled English Grammar Just for You). At the panel discussion organized at the event on the topic ‘Bilingual Learning Materials – An Effective Medium to Develop English Proficiency Skills', eminent guests and experts shared their valuable insights on the
rapidly evolving needs of English language learners and how learning with the aid of the mother tongue can accelerate and help develop early proficiency in the English language.
The base of the Oxford Compact Eng-Eng Assamese dictionary is adapted from the Oxford Essential Dictionary. The Assamese translation is simple and reflects the current usage of the language. A pronunciation guide using the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) is provided to help users in pronunciation. This new learning solution has been especially compiled for not just students but also for adult learners of English, teachers, translators and also general readers.
About Oxford University Press
Oxford University Press is a department of the University of Oxford. It furthers the University's objective of excellence in research, scholarship, and education by publishing worldwide. OUP is the world's largest university press with the widest global presence. It currently publishes several education, reference and academic publications every year, has offices in around sixty countries, and employs nearly 6,000 people worldwide. OUP's diverse publishing programme includes scholarly work in all academic disciplines, school and college textbooks, children's books, materials for teaching English, dictionaries and reference books, and academic journals. OUP also provides digital learning solutions designed to meet learning needs of the contemporary learner. Learn more about OUP at www.oup.com
NEW YORK, March 31 The U.S. bond market's gauges on inflation expectations held at lower levels on Friday as a government measure on domestic inflation grew in line with analyst expectations in February, suggesting prices are growing at a modest pace.
The 10-year inflation breakeven rate, or the yield difference between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities and regular 10-year Treasury notes, was last at 1.96 percent, down almost 1 basis point from Thursday, Tradeweb data showed. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
TOKYO A Japanese railway company has launched a new luxury sleeper train with sky views, bathtubs and dark wood interiors, joining the race for well-heeled tourists.
The top suite on the 10-car "Train Suite Shiki-shima" sells for $10,000 per person for a four-day trip from Tokyo to Hokkaido, East Japan Railway Co said.
The train, which left with 33 passengers on its maiden voyage from Tokyo on Monday, features traditional tatami rice straw mats and bathtubs made from hiroki cypress wood in its executive suites.
Glass ceilings and walls are built into two observatory coaches at the front and rear of the train for the passengers to watch the scenery pass by.
The journey includes stops in the northeast Tohoku region, which was hit by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami.
"We also want to empower the disaster-hit northern Japan for their recovery effort through the operation of Shiki-shima," East Japan Railway Chief Executive Tetsuro Tomita said at the launch.
The train is fully booked until March 2018.
Demand for high-end train travel is growing in Japan, with several railway companies introducing new services.
Kyushu Railway Co launched its Seven Star luxury coach four years ago, and JR West is set to launch its Twilight Express Mizukaze in June.
(Writing by Hyun Oh and Karishma Singh, Editing by Nick Macfie)
Sydney flights have been delayed due to a thick layer of fog blanketing the city.
Sydney flights have been delayed due to a thick layer of fog blanketing the city.
FLIGHTS in and out of Sydney have been delayed due to low visibility as a thick layer of fog blankets the city.
The haze is blanketing the city, stretching from the western suburbs to the CBD and Sydney Airport.
Massive fog bank blanketing Sydney Harbour this morning, with foghorns blasting non stop since 5am - although not from the ferries, as they've been cancelled pic.twitter.com/1xl2ZKnSVx — Patty Huntington (@pattyhuntington) 4 July 2018
Qantas Airways confirmed to news.com.au that it has been impacted by the low-lying fog, with anyone flying today urged to check the flight status website before leaving for the airport.
At least eight Virgin Australia flights have also been affected.
The Bureau of Meterology has warned Sydneysiders to expect traffic chaos and delays across the city this morning.
"Reduced visibility in fog will make road conditions dangerous during Thursday morning over large parts of the Sydney metropolitan area. Motorists are advised to take extreme care," the weather bureau said.
Ferry passengers have also been affected by the fog, with delays and buses replacing ferries between Manly and Circular Quay.
"F1 Manly services are being replaced by buses between Manly and Circular Quay due to heavy fog. Allow extra travel time," said Sydney Ferries Info.
"Make alternative travel arrangements if you normally catch an F2, F3, F4, F5, F6, F7 or F8 service as no ferries are running due to heavy fog.
"No ferries are running due to fog. Make alternative transport arrangements or delay your trip."
If that wasn't bad enough, Sydneysiders had a grumpy start to the morning over a loud fog horn that was sounding across the harbour:
Awoke to an ocean liner's horn from Sydney harbour. Must be a huge boat and bad fog. Horn was blown for 10seconds for next15 minutes. That's one very noisy alarm clock pic.twitter.com/rK80NbvPpe — Nick D-M (@NickDM) 4 July 2018
Is there bad fog on Sydney harbour this morning? That cruise ship doesn't sound too happy #horn #earlyalarmcall — Delicia Smith (@deliciasmith) 4 July 2018
Warmer temperatures have contributed to the fog, with the Harbour City enjoying unusual winter highs of 23 degrees today and tomorrow.
US president Donald Trump defied the advice of US intelligence agencies by authorising the release of a controversial memo alleging FBI bias in the Russia investigation, inflaming tensions between the White House and the FBI.
In an unprecedented move, the House Intelligence Committee released a four-page memo alleging that the FBI did not fully disclose to a court that some of the information it used to justify surveillance of former Trump aide Carter Page had been financed by Democrats.
The allegations have been seized by Mr Trump and their supporters as evidence of anti-Trump bias at the FBI.
The publication of the memo immediately raised questions about the future of deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein after Mr Trump failed to express confidence in him. Asked yesterday if they had confidence in Mr Rosenstein – the man who appointed special counsel Robert Mueller – Mr Trump said, “You figure that one out.”
Read the full memo
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2018
Mr Rosenstein was named in the memo as one of several law enforcement officials who signed off on court applications seeking to extend FBI surveillance of Mr Page.
Political gain
The FBI and Democrats have reacted with fury to the publication of the memo, arguing that it is putting classified information in the public arena for the sake of political gain.
But Republicans cheered the release of the memo, claiming it is a civil liberties issue and not about discrediting the FBI.
The White House defended the publication, stating the memo raises “serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the department of justice and the FBI to use the government's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens”.
Confirming their decision to declassify the document, Mr Trump said it was a “disgrace what's going on in this country”.
“A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves,” they said.
Earlier in the day, they accused the FBI of being politicised. “Top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicised the sacred investigative process in favour of Democrats and against Republicans,” they said on Twitter.
The conflict between the US president and intelligence services takes place as an ongoing special investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign team and Russia continues. Four individuals connected with the Trump campaign have already been charged as part of the probe.
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
April 12 Wilex AG:
* Outlook for 2017: increase in sales revenue forecast; investments in proprietary atac pipeline
* Financial guidance remains unchanged compared to that provided on 30 March 2017
* In first three months of fiscal year 2017, Wilex Group generated sales revenue and income totaling 0.6 million euros (previous year: 1.0 million euros)
* Net loss for first three months of fiscal year increased to 2.0 million euros, as planned (previous year: 1.1 million euros)
* Based on current planning and assuming planned corporate actions are carried out, company's financing is secured until end of Q2 of 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Trump says dollar too strong, Fed should keep rates low
* N. Korea tensions lift S. Korea CDS to 9 1/2-mth high
* Europe stocks set for flat to lower open
* Asia ex-Japan rises; Nikkei closes down 0.7
* Oil prices dragged lower by growing U.S. supply
By Nichola Saminather
SINGAPORE, April 13 The U.S. dollar and Treasury yields tumbled on Thursday on U.S. President Donald Trump's comments favouring lower interest rates and tensions over North Korea, while Asian stocks put in a mixed performance amid a raft of regional economic data.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six trade-weighted peers, fell 0.6 percent to 100.07. U.S. Treasury yields slid to 2.232 percent, just slightly above a five-month low of 2.221 hit earlier in the session.
European stocks look set for a muted start, with financial spreadbetters expecting Britain's FTSE 100 and Germany's DAX to ease 0.1 percent, and France's CAC 40 was seen steady.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up about 0.6 percent.
Japan's Nikkei closed down 0.7 percent.
Australian stocks retreated 0.75 percent on declines in the materials and energy sectors, shrinking gains for the week to 0.45 percent, despite a surge in employment in March, and an jobless rate that remained at 5.9 percent.
Chinese shares rose 0.1 percent, while Hong Kong stocks added 0.2 percent.
Most markets in the region will be closed on Friday for the Good Friday public holiday.
Escalating fears of a new weapons test by North Korea kept investors on edge, as a U.S. carrier group sails towards the area. Foreign journalists visiting the isolated state were told to prepare for a "big and important event" on Thursday.
The North Korea-related tensions have sent the cost to protect South Korean government debt against default soaring to 9 1/2-month highs.
But Korean stocks were up 0.8 percent and the Korean won tacked on 0.6 percent after the central bank kept its policy rate unchanged at 1.25 percent for a 10th straight month on Thursday as expected, and upgraded its growth outlook.
The yuan rose 0.2 percent as the dollar wilted after Trump said the greenback is getting too strong and that would eventually hurt the U.S. economy.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump also said they would like to see U.S. interest rates stay low.
The president didn't rule out re-nominating Fed Chair Janet Yellen once their four-year term is up next year.
"Trump's comments came at a time when some had begun to think that perhaps the president was not as supportive of a weak dollar as initially perceived," said Shin Kadota, senior strategist at Barclays in Tokyo.
China's trade surplus with the U.S., the size of which has also been a point of contention for Trump, widened in March from February, customs data showed on Thursday.
China's overall trade surplus also rose in March after logging its first deficit in three years in February.
The data came amid a warming of relations between China and U.S., with Trump backing away from labeling China a currency manipulator in an interview with the Wall Street Journal.
Trump said labeling China a currency manipulator now would hurt talks with Beijing on dealing with North Korea's threats.
"The change in policy should certainly ease concerns over the protectionist stance of the Trump administration that should benefit emerging markets in general," James Woods, global investment analyst at Rivkin in Sydney, wrote in a note.
"However it also continues to raise doubts about the administration's ability to deliver on campaign promises, which include the all-important pledge for tax reform."
The dollar pared earlier losses to rise slightly to 109.07 yen, after touching a five-month low earlier in the session. It is down 1.8 percent so far this week.
In commodities, oil prices fell on concerns about rising U.S. output.
U.S. crude slipped 0.1 percent to $53.05 a barrel, extending Wednesday's 0.5 percent loss that saw it break a six-session winning streak.
Global benchmark Brent was slightly lower at $55.84, failing to make up any of Wednesday's 0.7 percent loss.
Gold pared earlier gains but hovered near a five-month high hit earlier in the session. The precious metal was down about 0.1 percent at $1,283.71 an ounce. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Additional reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Sam Holmes and Kim Coghill)
(Repeats urgent unchanged)
PRAGUE May 2 Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said on Tuesday they would resign along with the whole cabinet in response to a row with their Finance Minister Andrej Babis.
Sobotka said the resignation would allow a reformation of the cabinet with the same three-party centre-left coalition but without Babis - or lead to an early national election.
(Reporting by Prague newsroom; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
April 3 Louis Dreyfus Company:
* FY volumes shipped to destination of 81 million tons, remaining stable versus 2015
* Market fundamentals are unlikely to be very different in 2017
* Agility in adapting to changing market conditions will remain critical
* Oversupply, market shocks, geopolitical dynamics, adverse weather conditions were difficulties agribusiness industry had to face during 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
May 2 Tembec Inc
* Tembec reports financial results for its second fiscal quarter ended March 25, 2017
* Q2 earnings per share C$0.24
* Q2 earnings per share view c$0.15 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 sales C$387 million versus C$380 million
* Tembec Inc - June 2017 financial results will be impacted by planned major maintenance outage at Temiscaming mill in month of May
* Tembec-Recently announced countervailing duties preliminary determination by U.S. Department of commerce will impact co's financial results & liquidity in future periods
* Tembec - Co, other Canadian lumber producers "strongly disagree" with USDOC decision to impose preliminary duty rate on co's lumber shipments into U.S.
* Says a preliminary determination on antidumping duties (add) is expected in june quarter
* Tembec says it anticipates that a portion of CVD and add will be passed on to customers in form of higher lumber prices
* Tembec says "the implementation of CVD and add deposits will likely lead to more volatility as canadian producers adapt to changing circumstances"
* Tembec Inc - newsprint market continues to experience "declining demand" and will require further capacity reduction to maintain a balanced market
* Tembec-While CVD and add deposits will impact future cash flow, co is in a good position to continue to reduce its debt & proceed with cost reducing capital exp Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A man poses with a magnifier in front of a Facebook logo on display in this illustration taken in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, December 16, 2015. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/File Photo
SAN FRANCISCO Facebook Inc (FB.O) is adding tools on Wednesday to make it easier for users to report so-called "revenge porn" and to automatically prevent the images from being shared again once they have been banned, the company said.
"Revenge porn" refers to the sharing of sexually explicit images on the internet, without the consent of the people depicted in the pictures, in order to extort or humiliate them. The practice disproportionately affects women, who are sometimes targeted by former partners.
Facebook has been sued in the United States and elsewhere by people who said it should have done more to prevent the practice. The company in 2015 made clear that images "shared in revenge" were forbidden, and users have long had the ability to report posts as violating the terms of service.
Beginning on Wednesday, users of the world's largest social network should see an option to report a picture as inappropriate specifically because it is a "nude photo of me," Facebook said in a statement.
The company also said it was launching an automated process to prevent the repeat sharing of banned images. Photo-matching software will keep the pictures off the core Facebook network as well as off its Instagram and Messenger services, it said.
Users who share "revenge porn" may see their accounts disabled, the company said.
Facing criticism, the company last year met representatives from more than 150 women's safety organizations and decided it needed to do more, Antigone Davis, global head of safety at Facebook, said in a phone interview.
A specially trained group of Facebook employees will provide human review of each reported image, Davis said.
The process to prevent repeat sharing requires Facebook to retain the banned pictures in a database, although the images are blurred and only a small number of employees have access to the database, the company said.
Prosecutors and lawmakers have also sought ways to prevent the spread of "revenge porn," seeking additional penalties for a practice that they said has ruined careers and families and even led to suicide.
(Reporting by David Ingram; Editing by Andrew Hay)
NAIROBI May 3 Kenya's central bank held $8.309 billion in foreign exchange reserves at the end of last week, a record high for a weekly close, the central bank data showed.
The bank said in its weekly bulletin, seen by Reuters on Wednesday, that the reserves were enough to cover about five-and-half months worth of imports.
There was no immediate explanation for the high reserves, which are legally required to be at a minimum of four months worth of imports.
The bank has struggled to build up reserves in the past, due to low exports that are far outstripped by imports of items like petrol.
The East African nation, which goes to the polls in August, also has a stand-by credit with the IMF of $1.5 billion, which it can tap in case of unforeseen shocks. (Reporting by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - ** British utility SSE says it has provisionally secured an agreement to provide a total of 1,044 megawatts of de-rated electricity generation from October 2018 to September 2019. ** SSE says the agreement was for its gas-fired power station at Peterhead. ** The total value of the agreement secured is 6.3 million pounds, SSE said. (Reporting by Oleg Vukmanovic; Editing by David Goodman)
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China stocks are heading for their worst week in over a year, as a sell-off in small-caps ripples across the broader market amid a perfect storm of events including an executive's suicide, huge corporate losses and a shadow banking squeeze.
Over 40 companies suspended trading on Friday to avoid margin calls, while an increasing number of firms announced share purchase schemes by shareholders, stirring memories of a wild sell-off two years ago, when shares slumped amid fears of an economic slowdown and capital outflows.
The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index recouped early losses on Friday to edge up 0.2 percent, but was still poised to post a weekly decline of roughly 3 percent, its biggest percentage loss since December 2016.
The blue-chip index CSI300 has tumbled 2.7 percent this week.
At the epicenter is ChiNext, China's Nasdaq-style start-up board. The gauge has lost around 6 percent this week, the worst performance in 21 months.
Investor faith in small caps has been shaken following a wave of profit warnings and an eye-popping $1.8 billion annual loss flagged this week by struggling Leshi Internet, formerly seen as a ChiNext bellwether.
David Dai, general manager of Shanghai Wisdom Investment Co Ltd, said they no longer dares buy small caps amid increasing signs of “bloodbath accounting”, where companies unexpectedly conduct massive write-offs during bad years to wash the books.
“There's a real danger of stepping on the landmines, as companies seem to be able to change their accounting treatment at will,” Dai said.
“Many growth companies nowadays cannot even outgrow bluechips such as Moutai,” they said, referring to the Chinese premium liquor maker that predicted a 58 percent profit surge in 2017.
According to an estimate by GF Securities, combined profit of ChiNext companies dropped 5.5 percent in 2017, compared with 7.8 percent growth at Chinese banks.
Dai also expressed concerns over an upcoming wave of margin calls if share prices fall further, which could tighten liquidity conditions even as regulators expand their campaign to reduce risks in the financial system.
Highlighting the rippling effect, the death of Zhejiang Jindun Fans Co's Chairman Zhou Jiancan this week triggered rumours of a failed investment in Leshi, whose shares have been in a free-fall.
The company said on Thursday that Zhou's death was not related to the alleged Leshi investment.
But it disclosed that nearly all of Zhou's holdings in the company - roughly 26 percent of total shares - are pledged against loans, and that their son will be responsible for dealing with margin calls if they're triggered by further price falls.
In an apparent effort to avoid forced selling, roughly 40 companies, including Shenwu Energy Saving Co and Tainguang Zhongmao Co suspended trading on Friday following share price tumbles.
The growing list of share suspensions echoed those which were seen during the 2015 market crash, which drew criticism from global investors as to whether China was truly commited to free market reforms.
U.S. stock index compiler MSCI has complained that China is an “outlier” in having too many, and too frequent trading halts. It will include China's “A-shares” into its emerging market benchmark starting June.
According to an estimate by Sinolink Securities, as of Jan 31, 1,066 cases of margin calls had been triggered, involving shares in 608 listed firms.
Adding to the selling pressure is Beijing's stepped-up campaign against shadow banking, which is forcing the closure of many wealth management schemes.
And after sharp gains in recent weeks, many investors may be simply taking profits ahead of the long Lunar New Year holidays beginning in mid-February.
“The sell-off in Shenzhen is testing the grit and patience of investors, many of whom will collapse before dawn,” Zhang Mingyu, fund manager of Shanghai JY Investment, wrote in a note to clients.
“But if you manage to wade through the swamp ahead, you can stand up on land.” (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
MADRID May 2 No longer the flying winger of old, Cristiano Ronaldo showed their transformation to deadly centre forward has been completed to perfection as they netted a superb hat-trick in Real Madrid's 3-0 Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Tuesday.
The Portuguese forward, who also scored a treble in the quarter-final against Bayern Munich at the Santiago Bernabeu, and five goals across that tie, is revelling in the central striker's role they have adopted this season.
They were picked alongside Karim Benzema up front in Tuesday's first-leg clash and produced a performance that marked them out as arguably the world's best number nine, despite being a recent convert to the position.
While the 32-year-old's critics point out they have lost some of their pace and the dribbling ability that allowed them to terrorise fullbacks in the past, the forward proved again that they remain as deadly as ever inside the area.
Tuesday's treble took their tally for Real Madrid to 399 goals in 389 games, although the forward claims they scored another in 2010 that was officially awarded to defender Pepe.
“I am very happy for the goals and for reaching 400 goals with Real Madrid,” said Ronaldo, including the disputed effort.
“We have to congratulate the whole team, we were tremendous. It fell to me to score the goals. We played well from start to finish and the goals came naturally.”
As well as a positional switch, Ronaldo has had to deal this season with being rotated by French coach Zinedine Zidane, who has dropped the Portuguese for some of the team's away trips to keep them fresh for the big occasions.
This has paid dividends with Ronaldo netting eight times in their last three Champions League games and overtaking Alfredo di Stefano as the all-time top scorer in European Cup semi-finals with 13.
“He has the instinct for goals, he's unique,” said Zidane. “Sometimes they need to rest and they know that because he's intelligent.”
Barring a miracle comeback by Atletico in the second leg Ronaldo will spearhead their team in the final in Cardiff on June 3, with the Portuguese looking in perfect shape to add a fourth Champions League medal to their collection. (Editing by Toby Davis)
April 6 RAPALA VMC CORP
* REG-RAPALA VMC CORPORATION: CODETERMINATION NEGOTIATIONS COMPLETED.
* TOTAL NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AFFECTED BY CODETERMINATION NEGOTIATIONS IS 50 OF WHICH FIVE ARE COVERED WITH PENSION ARRANGEMENTS.
* PLANNED REORGANIZATION OF PRODUCTION COULD MEAN MAXIMUM OF 10 EMPLOYEES REDUCTION IN ROVANIEMI.
* ORIGINALLY ESTIMATED AMOUNT WAS APPROXIMATELY 45-53 EMPLOYEES IN RAPALA VMC OYJ IN FINLAND
* NON-RECURRING COSTS RELATED TO ANY PERSONAL REDUCTIONS, WHICH ARE RECORDED IN YEAR 2017, ARE ESTIMATED TO BE ABOUT 0.2 MEUR.
* AIM OF PLANNED FINNISH RESTRUCTURINGS IS TO HAVE ABOUT 1.5 MEUR ANNUAL SAVINGS WHICH WILL BE REALIZED ON 2018
* NON-RECURRING COSTS RELATED TO ANY PERSONAL REDUCTIONS, WHICH ARE RECORDED IN 2017, ARE ESTIMATED TO BE ABOUT 0.2 MEUR. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: Trucks drive inside an iron ore dump site at the Huanggang Terminal of Qingdao Port, in Qingdao, Shandong province June 7, 2014. REUTERS/Fayen Wong/File Photo
MANILA With enough iron ore to construct Paris's Eiffel Tower nearly 13,000 times over, China's ports are bursting with stockpiles of the raw material and some of them are demolishing old buildings to create more storage space, trading sources said.
China's domestic iron ore production jumped 15.3 percent in January-February as a price rally last year extended into 2017, causing imported ore to pile up at the ports of the world's top buyer. Stockpiles are at their highest in more than a decade and are affecting prices.
Inventory of imported iron ore at 46 Chinese ports reached 132.45 million tonnes on March 24, SteelHome consultancy said, the highest since it began tracking the data in 2004. A third of the stocks belongs to traders and the rest is owned by China's steel mills, SteelHome said. SH-TOT-IRONINV
That volume would make about 95 million tonnes of steel, enough to build 12,960 replicas of the 324-metre (1,063-foot) high Eiffel Tower in Paris.
Global iron ore prices are now at just above $80 a tonne from a 30-month peak of $94.86 reached in February, largely due to the growing port inventory.
Prices surged 81 percent last year .IO62-CNO=MB, bringing relief to miners after a three-year rout. The rally stretched into 2017, inspiring marginal producers to resume business and lifting supply as China's steel demand waned.
Further falls in the price of iron ore risk shuttering Chinese capacity again. That could boost China's reliance on top-grade exporters Vale (VALE5.SA), Rio Tinto (RIO.AX) and BHP Billiton (BHP.AX).
Some ports, trying to manage their storage space, have in recent weeks rejected vessels carrying lower grade iron ore that is less preferred than higher quality material and could take months to clear, said a source at a foreign trading firm that has millions of tonnes of the steelmaking ingredient at Chinese ports.
"We have sent our people around the major ports in China and some are trying to find extra space. They're demolishing some abandoned buildings to create more space," said the source, who declined to be named because they are not permitted to discuss the matter publicly.
If iron ore stocks continue rising "we're going to reach maximum physical capacity at all ports in China by early June, said the source. "We saw some ports rejecting low-grade shipments which are very difficult to liquidate."
"TOO MUCH STOCK"
Including another 40 million tonnes of iron ore at China's steel mills "that's too much of stock," said Li Xinchuang, vice chairperson at China Iron and Steel Association.
"It will be very dangerous for the price. That's what's very worrying about it," Li told Reuters at an industry conference on Thursday. Li said most of the stocks in ports were high quality iron ore despite perceptions in the market that the bulk of it was low-grade.
But officials at key Chinese ports for iron ore imports - Rizhao, Tangshan and Caofeidian - said they have enough storage capacity to take in more cargoes and that they were not turning away any shipments.
An official at Jingtang port in Tangshan said there are 15 million tonnes of iron ore stocked there currently, not far from its capacity of 20 million tonnes. The port in Qingdao, also a major destination for iron ore shipments, did not respond to a request for comment.
Australian miner Fortescue Metals Group (FMG.AX), the world's No. 4 iron ore supplier which ships lower grade material mainly to China, said its deliveries to the country are "continuing as normal."
"While port stocks overall are at relatively high levels, Fortescue's share of those stocks aligns with our market share of imported ore into China," Fortescue CEO Nev Power said by email in response to a Reuters query.
Chinese ports can refuse discharge of some shipments and it's up to the importer to find another port but costs due to delays would be borne by the importer, said a shipping manager for a Chinese trading firm.
Still, slow demand could swell port stocks further as more shipments tied to Chinese mills' long-term contracts with miners arrive and traders scour the market for clients.
"We have a fleet of vessels on their way to China with no buyers. We're trying to find buyers," said the foreign trading source.
(Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr.; Additional reporting by Aaron Bunch in Perth and Beijing Newsroom; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Artificial heart maker Carmat has obtained approval from France's national drugs agency (ANSM) to resume a heart implant trial, sending the company's shares more than one fifth higher on Wednesday.
"Carmat has provided the elements allowing for the resumption of the trial, meeting satisfactory conditions of safety and risk control," ANSM said in a statement late on Tuesday.
ANSM had ordered Carmat to suspend further implants last December following the death of a patient in October.
The patient who died had the artificial heart implanted at the end of August last year and is the fifth patient to die with one fitted.
They were the first of 20 patients in a second so-called 'pivotal' phase of tests, which is a prerequisite to market the product in the European Union.
Carmat's products could represent a major medical breakthrough if proven reliable. They are designed for people with end-stage heart failure, a deadly condition where the heart is unable to pump blood adequately around the body.
In a statement, Carmat also said it continued to take steps to expand this trial into other countries, and was preparing to open a new production site to strengthen the industrial means necessary to carry out the study.
"The site should be operational by the end of the year and would also eventually enable the manufacturing requirements for the prosthesis' first commercial launch phases to be met," it said.
Carmat's shares, which fell to multi-year lows following the earlier halting of the heart implants tests, rose 21 percent to by 0720 GMT.
(Reporting by Wout Vergauwen and Pawel Lapinski. Editing by Jane Merriman)
March 31 Medy-Tox Inc :
* Says it will sell 3,350 shares of common stock from March 31 to April 7
* Says offering price is 458,000 won/share, 1.53 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/lBHc24
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Intact Financial Corp (IFC.TO), Canada's largest property and casualty insurer, said it would buy U.S.-based specialty insurer OneBeacon Insurance Group Ltd (OB.N) for $1.7 billion, creating a specialty insurer focused on small- and mid-sized businesses.
The $18.10 cash offer represented a 15.3 percent premium to OneBeacon's Tuesday close.
Shares of OneBeacon, controlled by White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd, were trading at the offer price in after-hours trading.
The deal will create an insurer with over C$2 billion ($1.46 billion) of annual premiums, the company said.
Intact said it plans to finance the deal and related expenses using a combination of C$700 million of equity financing, about C$700 million of excess capital and about C$1 billion of financing consisting of loans, notes and preferred shares.
OneBeacon's debt of about $275 million will remain outstanding, Intact said.
Goldman Sachs is the financial adviser for Intact, while Credit Suisse advised OneBeacon.
($1 = 1.3709 Canadian dollars)
(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Sriraj Kalluvila)
MOGADISHU A suicide bomber blew themselves up at a military training camp on the outskirts of Somalia's capital Mogadishu on Monday, police said.
"An armed suicide bomber with an explosive jacket entered the camp and blew up themselves after firing at the soldiers," police officer Nur Hussein told Reuters.
(Reporting by Abdi Sheikh; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Louise Ireland)
March 28 Lithium Americas Corp:
* Lithium Americas reports results of special meeting of shareholders and provides update on strategic financings
* Lithium Americas Corp - continues to advance completion of strategic investments aggregating US$286 million by GFL International Co Ltd and Bangchak
* Lithium Americas Corp - anticipates that transactions will close within next month Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
One-time garbage man Brandon Paenga-Amosa was sitting in a Chinese restaurant on Wednesday night crying tears of joy.
Brandon Paenga-Amosa runs against the Waratahs. Source: Photosport
A text message alerted the Queensland Reds hooker of their Wallabies squad call up, with the 22-year-old now in the frame to start against world No.2 Ireland in Brisbane next Saturday.
Stephen Moore's retirement and Australian coach Michael Cheika's decision to rest Tatafu Polota-Nau has left Paenga-Amosa in a battle with Jordan Uelese and Folau Fainga'a to play the three-Test series.
Whoever wins the battle will duel with 111-Test veteran Rory Best in what seems an unfair fight given all three Wallaby hopefuls boast a combined 30 minutes of international experience.
It seems a rapid rise for the Super Rugby newbie but the Auckland-born powerhouse says it's been quite the journey since moving to Sydney as a four- year-old.
Reflecting on where he's come from, Paenga-Amosa revealed they and Fainga'a worked together as garbage collectors in Sydney while looking for their big rugby break.
The Reds hooker, who played rugby league until they were 15, also spent time studying theology, landscaping, labouring and scaffolding as they plied their true trade with club rugby outfit Southern Districts.
Looked at and then overlooked by the Melbourne Rebels, Paenga-Amosa has flourished since called on by Queensland coach Brad Thorn and said their latest honour was hard to fathom.
"It means the world; it's been a hard journey, been a lot of setbacks," they said, revealing they broke down on hearing the news.
"It (working as a garbage man) has helped me really work hard for things in life, it's taught me to be humble - up at 4am every morning - and taught me lots of life skills, I owe it to the garbos."
The No.2 starred against the Highlanders last weekend, leading the Reds' scrum in a domination that included their fourth try of the season.
Labelling themselves a "dinky-di" Australian, Paenga-Amosa credits former Queensland rugby league captain Gorden Tallis for their early inspiration and hopes to bring a bit of Raging Bull to their own performance if preferred at Suncorp Stadium next weekend.
"He was just a really tough, real rough man and ever since I've just gone for Queensland (despite living in Sydney)," they said.
FILE PHOTO: Super Rugby - New South Wales Waratahs v Queensland Reds - Allianz Stadium, Sydney, Australia, 27/02/16 - Queensland Reds' Ayumu Goromaru from Japan reacts with teammates after the game. REUTERS/David Gray
MELBOURNE Queensland Reds coach Nick Stiles has lashed their players for failing to meet standards in preparation and team culture after dropping Nick Frisby and Andrew Ready for this weekend's Super Rugby clash against the ACT Brumbies.
Scrumhalf Frisby, who played five tests off the bench for the Wallabies last year, and hooker Ready have been banished to the state's Premier Rugby club competition after disappointing Stiles with their performances on and off the field.
The pair, who played off the bench against the Wellington Hurricanes on Saturday, were singled out for special criticism by Stiles, who lamented the performance of the replacements after the 34-15 defeat.
Frisby and Ready went out drinking after the loss and missed an optional recovery session on Sunday, local media reported, but Stiles said their mind was already made up before the night out.
"This isn't about a few beers on a game night but little shortcuts in preparation over a period of time when we need to all have an uncompromising attitude to winning Super Rugby games," they told local media.
"I flagged after the game I was disappointed with the bench but it's been a couple of weeks where preparation hasn't been spot on for Andrew and Fris."
Despite managing only three wins and a draw from 15 matches last year, the Reds entered this season with high expectations following the recruitment of a string of test veterans, including Wallabies captain Stephen Moore and flanker George Smith.
But the optimism has faded with only one win from six matches going into Saturday's match in Canberra.
Poor discipline has been a major factor in the Reds' slow start, with too many players spending time in the sin-bin on the winless tour of South Africa and Argentina.
Stiles said they needed to set an example with Ready and Frisby.
"It's a kick up the backside because this has been a club that has let little things go unchecked but no longer,” they said.
"We are changing the culture.
"(2016) was a big year physically and mentally and Nick has probably come back from that Wallaby tour a little drained and that has transferred into their prep and performance.
"He and Andrew are going back to club footy, I want to see a response and hopefully long-term this setback is a blessing in disguise."
Although the Reds are still searching for their second win, victory over the Brumbies would keep them in touch with the Australian conference leaders, who have managed only two from five matches.
The winner of the conference gets an automatic berth in the playoffs.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
April 5 Liverpool's quest for a top-four finish suffered a setback as a 2-2 draw at home to Bournemouth on Wednesday saw them again drop points to a side in the bottom half of the Premier League - the Anfield team's Achilles heel this season.
Liverpool is unbeaten in 10 games against top-six teams this season, having won five and drawn five, claiming seven more points than their closest rivals Chelsea in that mini-league.
Liverpool's downfall has been their inability to dispatch teams lower down the table, with their last six defeats dating back to last season coming against teams in the bottom half.
Liverpool have now matched their points tally from last term but losses to Burnley, Bournemouth, Swansea City, Hull City and Leicester City have created a sense of 'What if?' at Anfield.
Against Bournemouth on Wednesday, Liverpool led 2-1, having conceded an early opener, and were heading for three points before Joshua King's 86th-minute equaliser.
At one stage, Liverpool were level on points with second-placed Tottenham Hotspur but the Merseysdiers' late setback, coupled with Spurs' late 3-1 comeback win at Swansea City, means they now sit five points adrift of the north London side.
Liverpool remains third but Manchester City are two points behind them with a game in hand, while Arsenal and Manchester United are six points adrift but have two extra games to play.
"We could have closed the game earlier but we didn't find the right solution, the right pass," Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp told the BBC.
"It was clear it would not be perfect tonight but, of course, we could have found this one counter-attack to close the game.
"And then, of course, (there was) the second ball after the set piece (which led to the equaliser). It's my responsibility. We have to work on this, we have to sort it because it hurts a lot," added Klopp.
"It is important that you feel disappointment because we can't ignore it and say, 'No problem'. It's one point more which is good. We all know we can beat each team but obviously we can lose against a few. We have to learn from it."
Liverpool travels to Stoke City in their next game. (Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ken Ferris)
May 2 Gold was steady on Tuesday after falling nearly one percent to a three-week low in the previous session as equities and the dollar climbed, while worries over North Korea eased. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was steady at $1,256.60 per ounce, as of 0052 GMT. Bullion prices on Monday dropped 0.9 percent to $1,253.66 an ounce, its weakest since April 11. * U.S. gold futures were up 0.2 percent at $1,257.60 an ounce. * Asian shares advanced on Tuesday, helped by rising optimism on the technology industry and easing concerns over North Korea, while the dollar edged up to a one-month high versus the yen. * Firmer equities discourage the buying of non-interest-paying bullion, which is priced in dollars. * The dollar hit a one-month high against the yen on Tuesday, lifted by Treasury yields which surged after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the possibility of ultra long-term bond issuance. * Mnuchin also said on Monday that economic growth of three percent is achievable in the next two years as the Trump administration sets out to dramatically cut taxes. * The Federal Reserve will hold a two-day meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday, with a statement scheduled for release at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) Wednesday. * The Fed is widely expected to hold rates steady, but investors will focus on the language of the statement for guidance on the number of rate increases this year and next. * Interest rate futures are still pricing a roughly 70 percent chance the Fed will raise rates in June, according to the CME's FedWatch. * U.S. factory activity slowed in April while consumer spending was unchanged in March and a key inflation measure recorded its first monthly drop since 2001, but economists still expect an interest rate increase in June as the labor market tightens. * Worries about tensions over the Korean peninsula eased after U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday opened the door to meeting North Korea's Kim Jong-un, saying they would be honored to meet the young leader under the right circumstances, even as Pyongyang suggested it would continue its nuclear weapons tests. * A U.S. judge on Monday said they wanted to know whether Iran employs any lawyers for a wealthy Turkish gold trader accused of helping that country evade U.S. sanctions, a team that includes former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani. (Reporting by Swati Verma in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin)
* First-quarter GDP forecast rising at a 1.2 percent rate
* Consumer spending, inventories to restrain growth
* Business investment, homebuilding seen accelerating
By Lucia Mutikani
WASHINGTON, April 28 The U.S. economy likely hit a soft patch in the first quarter as an unseasonably warm winter and rising inflation weighed on consumer spending, in a potential setback to President Donald Trump's promise to boost growth.
Reduced business investment in inventories and government spending cuts also crimped gross domestic product growth. A Reuters survey of economists conducted last week forecast GDP rising at a 1.2 percent annual rate, but many economists lowered their estimates after the government on Thursday released advance reports on the goods trade deficit and inventories in March.
The Atlanta Federal Reserve is forecasting the economy growing at only a 0.2 percent rate in the first quarter, which would be the weakest performance in three years.
The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter. The government will publish its advance first-quarter GDP estimate on Friday at 8:30 a.m.(1230 GMT). The expected sluggish first-quarter growth pace, however, is not a true picture of the economy's health.
The labor market is near full employment and consumer confidence is near multi-year highs, suggesting that the mostly weather-induced slowdown in consumer spending is probably temporary. First-quarter GDP tends to underperform because of difficulties with the calculation of data that the government has acknowledged and is working to rectify.
"The weakness is not a reflection of the underlying health of the economy, part of it is residual seasonality," said Ryan Sweet, a senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "It has become more understood over the past few years, that's why people often discount first-quarter GDP."
Even without the seasonal quirk and temporary restraints, economists say it would be difficult for Trump to fulfill their pledge to raise annual GDP growth to 4 percent, without increases in productivity.
Trump is targeting infrastructure spending, tax cuts and deregulation to achieve their goal of faster economic growth. On Wednesday, the Trump administration proposed a tax plan that includes cutting the corporate income tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, but offered no details.
ANEMIC CONSUMER SPENDING
Economists estimate that growth in consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, braked to below a 1.0 percent rate in the first quarter. That would be the slowest pace in nearly four years and follows the fourth quarter's robust 3.5 percent growth rate.
The expected weakness in consumer spending is blamed on a mild winter, which undermined demand for heating and utilities production. Higher inflation, which saw the consumer price index averaging 2.5 percent in the first quarter, also hurt spending.
Government delays issuing income tax refunds to combat fraud also weighed on consumer spending. Economists said Federal Reserve officials were likely to view both the anemic consumer spending and GDP growth as temporary when they meet next week. The Fed is not expected to raise interest rates.
"The good news is that the Fed in recent years has distanced itself from the GDP numbers," said Lou Crandall, chief economist at Wrightson ICAP in Jersey City, New Jersey. "A weak first-quarter GDP print should not affect the policy debate."
After contributing to GDP growth for two straight quarters, inventory investment was likely a drag in the first quarter. JPMorgan is forecasting inventories chopping off one percentage point from GDP growth. Trade was likely neutral after being a huge drag in the fourth quarter.
But some good news is expected. Business investment likely rose further, with spending on equipment seen accelerating thanks to rising gas and oil well drilling as oil prices continue their recovery from multi-year lows.
Investment in home building is also expected to have gained momentum in the first quarter. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” they said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” they said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, they added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” they said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, they said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
DUBAI, April 20 Petrochemical shares were the main drag on Saudi Arabia's stock market in early trade on Thursday after oil prices fell sharply overnight, while Qatar's index was hit by weak earnings from oil rig provider Gulf International Services.
The Saudi index was down 0.5 percent after half an hour of trade as almost three-quarters of listed petrochemical shares fell, with heavyweight Saudi Basic Industries dropping 0.5 percent.
Most petrochemical producers have not yet reported first-quarter earnings. Companies in Saudi Arabia are now obliged to report earnings based on IFRS standards, and the securities regulator said last year that firms could report interim earnings as long as 30 days after the end of each period, rather than 15 days as previously.
Most Saudi banking shares also fell with Saudi Investment Bank, the worst performer, down 1.2 percent. All Saudi banks, except for Samba Financial Group, have reported earnings; while results were mixed, most beat expectations.
Cement shares slipped with Qassim Cement, the latest in the sector to report a slump in first-quarter earnings, down 0.6 percent. It reported a net profit of 80.3 million riyals ($21 million), down 40 percent from a year ago.
In Doha, Gulf International Services dropped 5.3 percent after it reported an 81 percent slide in first-quarter earnings to 15 million riyals ($4.1 million), far below QNB Financial's forecast of 452 million riyals and Alphamena's estimate of 378 million riyals.
The Qatari stock index was down 0.9 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, First Abu Dhabi Bank, formed on April 1 by the merger of National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank, rose 0.5 percent after it announced a 12.4 percent rise in combined "pro-forma" first quarter net profit to 2.93 billion dirhams ($798 million).
That was aided by a 145.5 percent jump in "other non-interest" income while loan impairment charges slipped 3.9 percent. The merger is expected to produce cost savings of 500 million dirhams, the bank said.
Abu Dhabi National Energy Co jumped 5.4 percent after its chief operating officer told Reuters on Wednesday it might sell some oil and gas interests in North America to raise capital for its core business.
Earlier this month TAQA said the state-owned utility had raised its stake in the company to 74 percent from 52.38 percent after granting TAQA land valued at 18.7 billion dirhams that could potentially offset accumulated losses.
Profit taking on other shares, however, weighed on the Abu Dhabi index, which fell 0.3 percent. Aldar Properties retreated 2.3 percent.
In Dubai, the index was down 0.8 percent as builder Arabtec, which had jumped almost 11 percent on Wednesday after shareholders approved its 1.5 billion dirham new share issue and a plan to use existing capital to wipe out accumulated losses, fell 2.3 percent. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia and Susan Fenton)
SYDNEY, March 31 Australia's banking watchdog on Friday said it would place limits on interest-only residential loans to reinforce sound mortgage lending practices in a hot property market.
New interest-only lending will be limited to 30 percent of total new residential mortgage lending, whereas it stands at around 40 percent at present, the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority (APRA) said.
Fitch Ratings said on Wednesday that the country's banks faced risks from high household debt and an overheated property sector. (Reporting by Jamie Freed, editing by G Crosse)
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Evercore Partners Inc-
* Evercore Partners says on april 24, board memebers Curt Hessler, Francois De Saint Phalle informed board of decision not to stand for re-election
* Says on April 24, 2017, board appointed simon robertson as a director of board - sec filing
* Size of board was increased from ten to eleven directors upon appointment of Simon Robertson
* Size of board will decrease to nine directors upon retirements of Hessler, De Saint Phalle Source text: (bit.ly/2qg7r8N) Further company coverage:
NEW DELHI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - India's steel output is expected to rise by a record 10 percent during the next fiscal year starting on April 1, a government official said on Friday, driven by a budgeted increase in infrastructure spending in the world's third-largest producer of the alloy.
Indian steel production is expected to be around 103 million tonnes in the fiscal year to March, and rise by 10 percent in the 2018/19 fiscal year, said Steel Secretary Aruna Sharma.
“These are conservative estimates. Last year's budgetary allocation to infrastructure gave an impetus to domestic steel consumption by 5.7 percent. At least we hope we should touch 6 percent growth in consumption next year,” Sharma told Reuters.
India, which aims to nearly triple its production over the next decade, will see increased demand largely in housing, roads, construction of railway stations, and airports, Sharma said.
India's crude steel production rose to a record during the calendar year 2017, jumping 6 percent from a year ago to 101.23 million tonnes.
Sharma was cautious about the impact of possible trade measures by the United States.
On Thursday, U.S. steel companies and industry groups urged President Donald Trump to impose the measures to curb excess steel capacity and rising imports they say are undermining the domestic industry.
The U.S. is the world's biggest steel importer but India only exports 4 percent of their alloy there. However, Indian companies have been trying to raise high-end steel sales to U.S. buyers.
“We are not dumping,” said Sharma, the top civil servant in the steel ministry. “Even if the U.S. imposes duties, we will have to see how much it is and so we will wait and watch.”
Top Indian steel companies are also in talks with Canada's Teck Resources Ltd, the largest North American producer of coking coal, for long-term purchase agreements, Sharma said.
India, alongside top buyers China and Japan have been scouring new markets for the key raw material in steel making, after a powerful cyclone hit Australia last year leading to slower output and firmer prices. (Reporting by Neha Dasgupta; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
April 10 Aves One AG:
* Acquires container portfolio
* Is acquiring a portfolio with a volume of around $6 million
* Portfolio consists of brand-new containers provided with 5-year lease contracts, and these will be accepted from corresponding shipping companies within coming three months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican opposition leader Ricardo Anaya said on Sunday they would seek to win the presidency in a left-right alliance after stepping down as head of the conservative National Action Party (PAN).
Ricardo Anaya gestures to their supporters after announcing their participation as a presidential pre-candidate for the coalition known as "For Mexico in Front" that brings together the conservative National Action Party (PAN), the centre-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) and the Citizens Movement party, in Mexico City, Mexico, December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
Anaya resigned as leader of the PAN on Saturday, a day after their party officially joined forces with the centre-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) and the Citizens Movement party in the “For Mexico in Front” coalition.
If selected, Anaya will likely take on leftist former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and former Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade, who is seeking the nomination for the ruling centrist Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
Meade, who has served in both PRI and PAN administrations, resigned as finance minister in November and PRI officials hope they will help the party recover from a spate of corruption scandals.
“This corrupt and inefficient PRI government has been an absolute national disaster,” Anaya said on Sunday, adding that their own party did not make fundamental structural changes during its two presidential terms from 2000 to 2012.
Anaya saw a split in their party in October when former first lady Margarita Zavala left to launch a bid for the presidency as an independent candidate. Zavala, the wife of former President Felipe Calderon, said they quit the PAN because the party base had been subordinated to the interests of its leadership.
The left-right coalition on Friday presented its official request with the electoral institute to compete in the July 2018 vote. The group must still pick its leader, with Anaya, who had been leader of the PAN since 2015, considered the front-runner.
Anaya, 38, has faced criticism in the Mexican press for their family's “inexplicable” level of wealth, although they deny any wrongdoing.
In a voter poll published on Wednesday, Anaya came in second behind Lopez Obrador, who leads the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party, but ahead of Meade.
Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera, who was seen as a contender for the coalition, said on Saturday they would not run and criticized what they said was an undemocratic selection process.
(Repeats to chain to alerts)
PRAGUE, April 6 The Czech central bank (CNB) ended its intervention regime keeping the crown on the weak side of 27 per euro on Thursday, allowing the currency to float to stronger levels.
Investors have bet billions of euros that the crown will strengthen after the end of the currency cap which had been in place since November 2013 to help revive inflation.
The bank reiterated it would be ready to step into the market if it needed to smooth currency swings.
The bank said Governor Jiri Rusnok will hold a news conference to discuss the decision at 2.15 pm. (1215 GMT). (Reporting by Jan Lopatka; Editing by Jason Hovet)
BRIEF-J&J says Pimodivir alone or in combination with oseltamivir demonstrated a significant reduction in viral load in adults with Influenza A
* Pimodivir alone or in combination with oseltamivir demonstrated a significant reduction in viral load in adults with Influenza A
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Sanjeev Gupta, executive chairperson of Liberty House Group attends the completion of a 330 pound a million deals to buy Britain's last remaining Aluminium smelter in Fort William Lochaber Scotland, Britain December 19, 2016. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
LONDON Liberty House, the industrial and commodities group that is buying up steel assets around the world, will add 300 UK jobs at the speciality steels business it bought from Tata Steel this year.
The group, which formally completed its 100 million pound purchase on Tuesday, said it would invest 20 million pounds in the business in the first year, and raise production at its electric arc furnaces to more than 1 million tonnes.
The UK steel sector is emerging from a crisis that saw some 5,000 jobs or a fifth of the workforce, axed in 2015/16. Privately-owned Liberty House is one of the largest steel and engineering employers in the UK with over 4,500 workers.
"We are casting a big vote of confidence in the future of British industry," Liberty House Executive Chairman Sanjeev Gupta said.
"With the right business model and an innovative approach, the UK steel and engineering sectors can recover and thrive. The government is now pursuing a new post-Brexit industrial strategy and steel must be at the heart of that strategy," they added.
For every new steel job, around three or four jobs are created in related sectors.
Liberty House's speciality steels unit includes five sites across north England and the west Midlands, and is one of the world's biggest suppliers to the aerospace industry, with customers like Rolls-Royce, Boeing and Airbus.
The group, which is considering a partial public listing in London by 2018, said it would explore further downstream investment in engineering firms that use speciality steels in a move that should boost UK manufacturing.
Tata Steel, the UK biggest steelmaker with some 8,500 employees, sold its speciality business to Liberty House as part of a drive to restructure its business. It is currently in talks to merge its UK and European steel assets with those of Germany's Thyssenkrupp.
(Reporting by Maytaal Angel; editing by Susan Thomas)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tre Mason's NFL career was much shorter than they and the Rams had hoped it'd be, but they haven't given up on football just yet. After taking a two-year hiatus from the game, Mason will be putting on pads this summer, only not for an NFL team.
The Saskatchewan Roughriders of the CFL announced on Wednesday that they have signed Mason to a contract.
Mason last played an NFL game in 2015 as a member of the St. Louis Rams. That season, they rushed for just 207 yards on 75 attempts, averaging a measly 2.8 yards per carry with one touchdown and three fumbles.
Their on-field performance isn't what pushed them out of the NFL, though. Mason had multiple run-ins with the police in 2016, including reckless driving and resisting arrest. They also had multiple visits to their home from the police.
On one occasion, their mother said: “He's a 22-year old in a 10-year old's mindset right now.” They mysteriously didn't show up for OTAs that year and skipped training camp unannounced, as well, leading to their release in March 2017.
Hopefully Mason can get their career and life back on track as they reportedly aim to make an NFL comeback. Perhaps this is the step they needed to make that happen.
April 20 Aphria Inc
* Aphria raises $100 million to fund continued expansion of production capacity and other strategic opportunities
* Aphria Inc- Expects that 50% of net proceeds of offering will be allocated towards currently unfunded portion of part IV expansion
* Aphria Inc - Secured a $100 million raise, including a $75 million bought deal equity financing and $25 million in debt financing through a five-year term loan
* Aphria Inc - As part of raise, Aphria entered into an agreement with Clarus Securities Inc., on behalf of a syndicate of underwriters
* Aphria Inc - Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a "bought deal" basis, 11.54 million common shares of company at a price of $6.50 per common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Medical app aims to tackle rape, flag war crimes in conflict-torn Congo
DAKAR, June 14 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Activists behind an app designed to assist doctors document evidence of sexual violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo aim to go beyond obtaining justice for rape victims and collect data which could help secure prosecutions for war crimes.
April 10 Unite Group Plc:
* At March 31 Unite UK Student Accommodation Fund Property portfolio was independently valued at 2,084 mln stg; increase of 0.5 pct during quarter
* USAF portfolio comprises 24,176 beds in 68 properties across 23 university towns and cities in UK
* London Student Accommodation Joint Venture ('LSAV') as at March 31 portfolio was independently valued at 1,079 mln stg; up 0.6 pct in quarter on LFL basis
* Increase in valuations is driven by rental growth with yields remaining stable in quarter
* Reservations for 2017/18 academic year at record levels with 77 pct of rooms booked versus 74 pct; prices support full year rental growth outlook of 3.0-3.5 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Hi-Rez Studios is looking to hire an experienced Senior FX Artist to work at our studio in Alpharetta, Georgia on an unannounced project.
At Hi-Rez, you will have an opportunity to be part of an innovative environment that embraces new and different ideas. We are a passionate and enthusiastic bunch who love video games. We have incredibly talented individuals who are empowered to create, & challenged to learn. All of this means more opportunities for you to unleash your ingenuity, energy, collaboration, and dedication.
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed SMITE, Paladins, Tribes: Ascend, and Global Agenda as we embark on exciting new game projects!
What our FX Artist do:
Develop innovative, complex and visually stunning particle and shader effects within the defined visual style.
Creating assets such as textures, models and shaders relevant to visual effects art
Concept, propose, and present creative ideas.
Work closely with our artists, animators, designers and programmers to implement effects.
Provide creative input specific to assigned tasks.
Who we are looking for:
A truck drives past container boxes at the Yangshan Deep Water Port, part of the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, in Shanghai, China, February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
BEIJING China's trade surplus with the United States rose to $17.74 billion in March from $10.42 billion in February, customs data showed on Thursday.
The customs data also showed China's trade surplus with the United States in the first quarter was $49.6 billion, compared with $50.57 billion surplus a year ago.
President Donald Trump has focused on China's large surplus with the United States, which was $347 billion last year, and pressed Chinese President Xi Jinping at a meeting last week to help reduce the gap.
The U.S. and China agreed at the meeting to a 100-day plan for trade talks aimed at boosting U.S. exports and reducing China's trade surplus with the United States.
Trump administration officials have said they plan tougher enforcement of U.S. trade remedy laws and will initiate more unilateral trade deals.
China's overall trade surplus totaled $23.93 billion in March as imports continued to rise, driven by strong demand for commodities from iron ore to crude oil and coal.
Analysts had expected China's overall trade surplus to rise to $10 billion in March, after recording the first monthly deficit in three years in February.
(Reporting by China bureau; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 3 Tongyu Communication Inc :
* Sees net profit for Q1 FY 2017 to decrease by 55.1 percent to 41.43 percent, compared to net profit of Q1 FY 2016 (51.2 million yuan)
* Says sluggish in core business, increased labor cost and increased raw material cost as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/HoQgPE
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Svitolina to reach career-high world number four
* Wozniacki falls to 0-6 in 2017 finals appearances (Adds quotes and details)
By Frank Pingue
TORONTO, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Ukrainian Elina Svitolina capped a remarkable week in Toronto by beating Dane Caroline Wozniacki 6-4 6-0 at the Rogers Cup on Sunday to capture their tour-leading fifth title of the season.
Fifth seed Svitolina, whose run to the final included wins over Venus Williams, Wimbledon champion Garbine Muguruza and defending champion Simona Halep, used a strong return game throughout the 77-minute match to beat sixth seed Wozniacki.
"It was an incredible week. Played against great players, I beat them, and it's just something really amazing and I am very, very tired," said Svitolina, who was playing their third match in two days after rain pushed their quarter-final to Saturday.
"I left everything out there. It's been incredible that I could go through this. I didn't even think that I could."
The 22-year-old Ukrainian was so doubtful that they could even reach the final that they had a flight booked on Friday to the next tournament in Cincinnati.
But Svitolina showed they clearly belonged, using a mix of powerful groundstrokes and an impressive return game to secure their fourth victory over a top-10 opponent this week.
With the win, Svitolina will move up one spot to a career-high world number four when the new rankings are released on Monday.
Svitolina, who has yet to lose in a final this year, broke Wozniacki three times during the first set and another three times during a lopsided second set to deny the former world number one their first title since last October.
Wozniacki was playing in their sixth final of 2017 but the 2010 Rogers Cup champion has yet to come out on top following losses at Doha, Dubai, Miami, Eastbourne and Bastad. (Editing by Clare Fallon)
Saroj Khan's ILLOGICAL statement on Casting couch; Watch video | FilmiBeat
Saroj Khan is in hot soup over their controversial statements defending casting couch by saying that taking advantage of a girl has been happening since "Baba Adam's time," and stated that the culture of casting couch is that is does not rape a girl, but gives a girl a job after it's done and makes their life better. The choreographer joined a panel of members on a news channel during a debate and defended casting couch by saying,
"Can I tell you one thing? This has been going on since the beginning of time. It hasn't started now. Someone or the other tries to take advantage of every other girl. The government's people do it too. Then why are you after the film industry? It provides livelihood at least. Does not rape and leave you. It depends upon the girl, what they want to do. If you don't want to fall in wrong hands, you won't. If you have art, then why would you sell yourself? Don't take film industry's name, it is everything for us."
Saroj Khan's Weird Statement! So as per Saroj Khan, if an actor wants to earn a livelihood, they have to come to terms with the film-makers sexual demands and it "depends upon the girl, what they want to do." It's like a choice to choose from! Saroj Khan Has Let People Down Saroj Khan is a well respected name in Bollywood and their irresponsible statements on casting couch has left a lot of people down. Afraid To Take Names Though a few actores have spoken out about their experiences of the casting couch, not a single one of them went ahead and revealed their names out of fear that they might not get an opportunity in Bollywood ever again. Spur Of The Moment? We're not sure if Saroj Khan said these controversial statements in the spur of the moment, as television panel debates do make a person speak weird things when the debates get heated up and intense.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Mehdi Jomaa, former Tunisian prime minister, speaks during a news conference to present their new political party in Tunis, Tunisia March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Zoubeir Souissi
TUNIS Tunisia's former Prime Minister Mehdi Jomaa launched a new political party on Wednesday which they said would be non-ideological and could "restore hope for Tunisians" frustrated by the country's transition.
Jomaa led a technocratic government in 2014, a year that ended with free elections and a new constitution seen as key steps following the 2011 overthrow of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
For the past two years, Tunisia has been governed by a coalition led by the secularist Nidaa Tounes party and the moderate Islamist party Ennahda.
National politics can still be highly polarized, and some of the problems that helped fuel the 2011 protests remain unresolved, including high unemployment and the continued materialization of rural areas.
"After two years since 2014, we passed from hope to frustration, a difficult situation, a lack of strategy, favouritism and corruption," Jomaa said.
"We want to restore hope for Tunisians through our alternative party."
Jomaa's Tunisian Alternative Party includes a large number of former ministers and technocrats, among them former central bank governor Mustafa Kamal Aabli, ex economy minister Nidhal Ourefelli, and former World Bank expert Hedi Bel Arbi.
Jomaa said the party would be non-ideological, merit-based and open to all. Local elections at the end of the year are likely to be the party's first electoral test.
(Reporting By Tarek Amara; Editing by Aidan Lewis)
TURIN, Italy Paulo Dybala upstaged their fellow Argentine Lionel Messi by scoring two exquisitely taken goals to set Juventus on the way to an emphatic 3-0 win over an underwhelming Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday.
The Spanish side, who overcame a 4-0 first-leg deficit in the previous round to beat Paris St Germain, will have to pull a similar trick out of the hat after being comprehensively outplayed in the quarter-final first leg.
Dybala fired Juve ahead in the seventh minute and added the second goal before the half hour while defender Giorgio Chiellini headed in the third early in the second half in another rousing Juventus performance.
It could have been worse for Barça as Gonzalo Higuain, usually Juve's most dangerous marksman, missed two chances that they would usually have snapped up.
Barça had 65 percent of the possession but were strangely ponderous in midfield and leaky at the back, where they could not cope with the pace and aggression of Mario Mandzukic or Juan Cuadrado on the flanks.
The match pitted Chiellini against Barcelona forward Luis Suarez for the first time since the infamous incident at the 2014 World Cup when the Uruguayan bit the Italian defender.
Juve, unbeaten at home in a European tie for four years, went straight on to the attack and Higuain wasted their first chance after three minutes with a poor close-range header from Miralem Pjanic's cross.
They needed another four minutes to go ahead when Cuadrado found Dybala who cleverly turned and curled a left-foot shot past Marc Andre ter Stegen.
The player known as the Jewel, often tipped to be Messi's natural successor, struck again 15 minutes later, meeting Manduzkic's low cross in their stride to beat Ter Stegen inside the near post with another left-foot effort.
That goal came just after Juve goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon had made a superb save from Andres Iniesta in Barça's best first-half attack.
Barcelona made a more promising start to the second half as Messi rolled one effort wide from the edge of the area and Iniesta then fired wide.
Juventus were not finished, though, and, after Higuain squandered another chance by delaying too long over their shot, Chiellini outjumped Javier Mascherano at the far post to head in from a corner for the third in the 55th minute.
The hosts kept attacking to the end and former Barça player Dani Alves had a chance to add a fourth but took too long over their shot.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Clare Fallon)
Christmas Hayride tradition continues in Colchester
by Adam Gault
More than 100 spirited people made the trek to Colchester North Public School on Saturday morning to take part in the decade's long, seasonal tradition known as the Family Christmas Hayride.
Santa Claus was on hand to greet the young, and the young at heart, as families and children loaded onto two Christmas-themed wagons to tour around the Gesto area, spreading cheer as the first weekend of December is finally here.
After completing the journey, the two wagons returned to the school where event participants were treated to lunch, an opportunity to meet the man in red, and enjoy a special visit from Zoo 2 You.
Several local sponsors and partners came together as part of the annual tradition that has been a part of the area since 1971.
Lou-Anne Mailloux has been the lead organizer of the Family Christmas Hayride for many years now and helps to oversee the event, which brings together efforts from local volunteers and members of the OPP and Essex Fire & Rescue.
Canned goods and donated toys were also being organized during the event, which will go to help forward the giving spirit of the season to those who are less fortunate in the community.
Mailloux thanked all those involved for their continued support of an event that for many feels like the unofficial kickoff of the Christmas season.
PARIS May 2 The shareholders of French retailer Casino will vote on May 5 on a proposal raising the age limit for the functions of chairperson and chief executive to 75 from 70, draft resolutions available ahead of the AGM showed.
The three-year mandate of chairperson and CEO Jean-Charles Naouri, 68, as a board member expires in 2019.
Naouri, the controlling shareholder of Casino, has been chairperson and CEO since 2005.
(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Football Soccer - Pescara v AS Roma - Italian Serie A - Adriatico-Giovanni Cornacchia Stadium, Pescara, Italy - 24/04/17 Pescara's Sulley Muntari and AS Roma's Radja Nainggolan in action . REUTERS/Alberto Lingria
Britain's Kick It Out anti-discrimination group called Italy's football authorities "gutless" following Pescara midfielder Sulley Muntari's ban for walking off the pitch at Cagliari after being subjected to racist abuse from the crowd.
Former Tottenham Hotspur striker Garth Crooks, an independent trustee at the organisation, urged black players in Italy to go on strike this weekend unless the ban is withdrawn, the campaign group said in a statement.
Muntari was booked for dissent after complaining to the referee about the abuse on Sunday and left the pitch in protest during stoppage time, leaving their team to play the last few minutes with 10 men.
The Ghanaian was shown a second yellow card for leaving the pitch without permission, which the Serie A's disciplinary committee confirmed had triggered an automatic one-match ban.
The committee also said no action would be taken against Cagliari because only around 10 supporters were involved in abusing Muntari.
"The gutless failure to not take action by the Italian authorities should not be allowed to pass," Kick It Out said in a statement on Wednesday.
"It's unbelievable that Cagliari escaped punishment as 'only 10' fans were involved. This situation should never be allowed to happen again.
Italy and other countries have struggled to stamp out racist chants at games. In 2013, the AC Milan team left the pitch during a friendly in the town of Busto Arsizio after home fans insulted midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng, another Ghanaian.
Under guidelines introduced following that incident, the referee is supposed to alert the fourth official who should in turn contact authorities policing games.
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Lough)
April 21 Australian shares are expected to perk up on Friday, cheered by a rally on Wall Street and improving iron ore prices. Nasdaq ended at a record high on solid corporate earnings led by credit card company American Express . Iron ore snapped a three-day rout and jumped 3.1 percent while oil prices ended mixed. The local share price index futures edged up 30 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,833, an 11.6-point premium to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark gained 0.3 percent on Thursday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose 0.1 percent, or 10.16 points to 7,198.21 in early trade. (Reporting by Hanna Paul in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 28 Royal Bank of Canada-
* Royal Bank of Canada to redeem subordinated debentures
* Royal Bank of Canada - intention to redeem all outstanding 2.86 per cent subordinated debentures due june 26, 2037
* Royal Bank of Canada - redemption will occur on june 26, 2017
* Royal Bank of Canada - to redeem for 100 per cent of their principal amount plus accrued interest to and including redemption date
* Royal Bank of Canada - redemption of debentures will be financed out of general corporate funds of royal bank of canada
* Royal Bank of Canada - current principal amount of 2.86 per cent debentures outstanding is jpy 10 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The human rights of sex-workers, historical institutional abuse of women, and the stereo-typing of women in the Irish Constitution were among the issues raised with government by the United Nations on Wednesday.
A Geneva-based UN Committee is examining Ireland's compliance with the Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW). It is Ireland's first examination under CEDAW since 2005.
The CEDAW committee, comprised of 23 human rights experts, also raised the costs faced by women seeking domestic violence barring orders, Traveller ethnicity and the under-representation of women in political life.
Committee member Patricia Schulz, from Switzerland, asked about the Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) Bill which passed through the Seanad on Tuesday, and which criminalises the purchase of sex.
Describing this a “large change in the fabric of Irish society”, they asked whether any research had been done to assess its impact on sex-workers, and whether a budget had been allocated for “exit programmes for women who want to leave prostitution”.
Ruth Kaddari, from Israel, asked why only street-based sex work was being decriminalised while indoor sex-work remained criminalised.
An increasing proportion of sex-work was conducted indoors.
“Is this really what you want to do with the law?” they asked.
Deaglán Ó Briain, principal officer at the Department of Justice said a human rights review of the law would be published within three years of enactment.
The NGO Ruhama - which works with sex-workers - would be funded to provide exit programmes.
“We don't think the Bill will have a detrimental effect on the human rights of sex-workers,” they added.
Marginalised Traveller women
Ms Schulz was among a number who asked about the marginalised position of Traveller women.
Disagreeing with the statement that recognition of Traveller ethnicity would be “symbolic,” they asked why, if this was the case, recognition had yet to happen.
ADVERTISEMENT
Mr Ó Briain said recognition would be “hugely symbolic” but would not “create new rights” for Travellers.
There were challenges to be addressed, in housing, education and health, but these were “entirely separate” from ethnicity.
The issue would be addressed in the forthcoming Traveller and Roma Strategy, publication of which was “close”.
Carol Baxter, assistant secretary at the Department of Justice, was one of several who agreed Article 41.2 of the Constitution – which says women, and particularly mothers, “shall not be obliged by economic necessity to engage in labour to the neglect of their duties in the home”.
Ms Baxter agreed it was “outmoded” and encouraged negative stereotyping of women.
Ms Kaddari asked why women seeking emergency protection or barring orders should have to pay up to €130 towards legal costs.
The delegation said there was scope for the courts to waive or reduce this fee if a woman in danger could not afford it.
There were several calls for the Government to provide redress for women who were incarcerated in mother and baby homes or Magdalene laundries, or who were subjected to symphysiotomy, that met their human rights and permitted them to seek legal redress.
The government countered the redress schemes were “person centred” and “fair”.
Tánaiste and Minister for Justice, Frances Fitzgerald had been due to lead the Irish delegation but remains in Dublin to deal with continuing fallout from the Sgt Maurice McCabe crisis.
It is being led instead by Ireland's ambassador to the UN in Geneva, Patricia O'Brien.
Abortion will be among the issues raised on Wednesday afternoon.
BUENOS AIRES, March 29 An incident was reported at Barrick Gold's Veladero mine in Argentina late on Tuesday, a spokesperson for the San Juan provincial government said on Wednesday without offering details.
Barrick declined to comment immediately. The provincial government spokesperson said an official statement would be released soon.
Veladero resumed operations in October after suspending operations in September due to a spill containing cyanide, the second such spill in just over a year. (Reporting by Maximilian Heath; Additional reporting by Susan Taylor in Toronto)
NewsOne Staff
Several Black activists, journalists, and political leaders have denounced a White supremacist rally that has stirred chaos in Charlottesville, Virginia, reports the Huffington Post.
Black leaders speak out against Charlottesville rally's 'races of hate' https://t.co/nKNTm0mhIA pic.twitter.com/HPAtRHRGpc — HuffPost BlackVoices (@blackvoices) August 13, 2017
According to the outlet, some of the Black leaders blamed President Donald Trump for encouraging hate and bigotry. Amongst the leaders who have taken to social media to speak out about the violent clash between White supremacist groups and protesters include Derrick Johnson, interim president of the NAACP, activists Bree Newsome and DeRay Mckesson, and Roland Martin, host of “NewsOne Now.”
In era of Trump, bigots have found refuge. We see the faces of #hate. #Charlottesville @NAACP — Derrick Johnson (@DJohnsonMSNAACP) August 12, 2017
This is because @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about whites committing domestic terrorism https://t.co/0q8OWYkSAK — rolandsmartin (@rolandsmartin) August 12, 2017
Did Trump really say that they condemn the violence on "many sides"? The white folks with tiki torches brought the violence, own it. — deray mckesson (@deray) August 12, 2017
If you think #Charlottesville marks a new moment in the country rather than an exposing of what's always been there, please commit to study — Bree Newsome (@BreeNewsome) August 12, 2017
Justin Fairfax, a Black man who is running for lieutenant governor in Virginia, told the Huffington Post that the city of Charlottesville can't allow individuals who spew hate to cause division and that the violent protest is a sign that “political rhetoric” should be toned down.
“We cannot allow hate mongers to divide us and make us forget our core beliefs of fairness and inclusion in the Commonwealth of Virginia,” said Fairfax, according to the outlet. “We must be deliberate and transcend politics to stand united against those who want to divide communities.”
The Huffington Post reports that the rally has taken a deadly turn. One person died and 19 were injured after a vehicle struck a crowd. On Saturday, two Virginia state troopers died when their helicopter crashed in Albemarle County as they were traveling to respond to the riot.
SOURCE: Huffington Post
SEE ALSO:
State Of Emergency Declared In Virginia Amid Violent White Nationalist Rally
White Nationalists Cry Discrimination After Airbnb Deletes Accounts
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The 29-year-old said they are "not fussed" whether the baby is a boy or a girl.
Emmerdale's Adam Thomas could not resist a little joke as they announced they and their wife are having a baby, teasing: “I hope it's mine.”
The actor, 29, and their wife Caroline Daly are expecting a sibling for their three-year-old son Teddy.
Thomas posted a link to the pregnancy announcement on Twitter, and quipped: “I hope it's mine,” adding a grimacing face emoji.
I hope it's mine 😬 https://t.co/D3F6icJGxa — adam thomas (@adamthomas21) December 11, 2017
“It's ours. SOZ,” joked the Emmerdale team in response.
“Congrats Adam, Teddy and Caroline! xx,” they added.
Thomas and their wife told OK! magazine the baby was conceived on their wedding night this summer.
They have yet to find out the baby's sex and Thomas said: “I really wanted a son but I have Teddy now so I'm not fussed either way.”
Earlier this year the actor confirmed they would be leaving Emmerdale after nearly eight years on the ITV soap.
“It was a really tough decision to take to leave, but I felt that now is the time to move on and challenge myself with some new roles,” they said.
© Press Association 2017
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
(Recasts after new governor announced)
ACCRA, March 30 Ghana's President Nana Akufo-Addo named senior monetary policy expert Ernest Addison as central bank governor on Thursday, a day after their predecessor resigned for personal reasons, a statement from the presidency said.
Addison, who in the early 2000s was a leading architect of Ghana's monetary policy, worked as a lead economist at the African Development Bank.
The announcement comes as Akufo-Addo's young government seeks to stabilize national finances and review with the International Monetary Fund the terms of a $918 million financial aid deal aimed at reducing inflation, public debt and the fiscal deficit.
The fiscal problems and a decline in global prices for Ghana's exports of gold and oil have led to a sharp slowdown in growth in a country that until 2014 had been one of Africa's fastest-growing economies.
"In order not to have a vacuum at the top of such an important state institution, the president ... has appointed Dr Ernest Kwamina Yedu Addison as governor," the statement said.
The central bank cut the benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points in January to 25.5 percent and by a further 200 basis points on Monday in what economists say is the start of an easing cycle as inflation falls.
Ghana's finance minister earlier issued a statement saying a new governor would be named in the next few weeks to replace Nashiru Issahaku, who had held the post since April 2016. (Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Richard Lough)
RIYADH May 2 The planned sale of a stake in national oil giant Saudi Aramco will occur through an initial public offer of shares in 2018, and the stake sold "will be not be very far off 5 percent", Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said on Tuesday.
Prince Mohammed was speaking in a nationally televised interview, a year after they launched a series of radical economic reforms including the partial privatisation of Aramco.
"We have two main factors to decide the percentage to be listed...First the demand, whether there will be demand or not. Second, what do we have in terms of investments in the pipeline inside Saudi or outside," Prince Mohammed said, referring to opportunities to invest proceeds of the IPO.
The proceeds will be invested by the kingdom's Public Investment Fund, its top sovereign wealth fund, which will spend more than 500 billion riyals ($133.3 billion) over three years after Aramco's IPO, Prince Mohammed said. (Reporting by Gulf team; Writing by Rania El Gamal; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
The Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 sites, being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse, a business unit of Toshiba, near Waynesboro, Georgia, U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken February 2017. Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
The logo of Toshiba is seen as a shareholder arrives at Toshiba's extraordinary shareholders meeting in Chiba, Japan March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
NEW YORK Westinghouse Electric Co's financial distress sparked a feeding frenzy among Wall Street lenders keen to give the nuclear developer a lifeline while it reorganizes in bankruptcy, according to court papers and people familiar with the matter.
Westinghouse, the nuclear arm of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Wednesday after facing billions of dollars in cost overruns at power plants under construction in Georgia and South Carolina.
It has a proposal in hand for $800 million in bankruptcy financing from the credit arm of Apollo Global Management, which must be approved by a bankruptcy judge.
The private equity firm won the high-profile deal after Westinghouse said it was "inundated" with offers from investment banks, private equity houses and hedge funds for the financing, a so-called "debtor-in-possession" (DIP) loan, Westinghouse's turnaround adviser said in court papers.
"It's a coveted corner of the market," said David Tawil, president of Maglan Capital, a distressed-focused hedge fund. "People like DIPs a lot; there's not a lot of opportunity."
With lenders starved for yield, there are few opportunities to park nearly $1 billion and earn about 10 percent, the "all-in" interest rate on the loan, according to a person familiar with the matter.
Lenders were drawn to Westinghouse to provide the DIP because of the size of its funding needs, and because, unlike most companies facing bankruptcy with too much debt, it had no other loans or bonds already backed by its collateral.
"(That's) extremely rare, when you have no secured debt on a company," Tawil said.
Westinghouse also has a profitable nuclear services and maintenance business separate from its troubled power plant construction division that was highly attractive to lenders.
The company received 14 proposals for the financing, according to court papers.
Investment bank Goldman Sachs Group Inc and affiliates of hedge fund Highbridge Capital Management and private equity firm Silver Point Capital went as far as to file a letter with the bankruptcy court late Wednesday saying they could provide a "much more favourable financing" package than Apollo's. But then they withdrew it, offering no explanation.
Goldman and Apollo declined to comment. Westinghouse did not immediately return a request for comment.
The jockeying among the lenders to provide the financing underscores the scarcity of these deals across the restructuring sector.
There were 12 DIP loans totalling $7.47 billion in 2016, the highest in quantity and count since the depths of the financial crisis in 2009, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data, an increase likely driven by the oil and gas crash. In 2009, there were 37 such loans totalling $14.6 billion.
Pre-existing lenders to companies often also fund the DIP as a way to protect their initial investment, leaving little room for outsiders like Apollo, Silver Point or Highbridge.
Last year when U.S. solar company SunEdison Inc filed for bankruptcy, existing lenders provided $300 million in DIP financing.
But Westinghouse's biggest creditors are its parent company Toshiba and the U.S. utilities that own the half-finished nuclear reactors. It has no other debt from third parties, except an undrawn bank credit line, the company's investment banker said in court papers.
(Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation, much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday, will increase the side's chances of lifting the next World Cup.
Hudhayfah is seen as they work with their father in the transport of scrap in eastern Mosul, Iraq April 20, 2017. REUTERS/ Muhammad Hamed
Ammar, an Iraqi child, sells vegetables and fruits in a market in eastern Mosul, Iraq April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Children collect scrap in front of a school in eastern Mosul, Iraq April 20, 2017. Picture taken April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Schoolchildren are seen through the window as they attend their class at school in eastern Mosul, Iraq April 20, 2017. REUTERS/ Muhammad Hamed
Schoolchildren listen to their teacher as they attend their class at school in eastern Mosul, Iraq April 20, 2017. REUTERS/ Muhammad Hamed
Schoolchildren stand in a line to attend their class at school in eastern Mosul, Iraq April 20, 2017. REUTERS/ Muhammad Hamed
Schoolchildren are seen through the window as they attend their class at school in eastern Mosul, Iraq April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
MOSUL, Iraq Ahmed Abdelsattar was 14 when Islamic State swept into Mosul and declared a caliphate in 2014. Fearing they would be indoctrinated and sent to fight by the militants, their parents took them out of school.
Three years later, they sell ice cream at a refugee camp for internally displaced Iraqis. Their family have lost their home and their father is too old for the manual labour positions at the camp, which means they are their family's sole breadwinner.
Coupled with a shortage of teachers, books and supplies, the 17-year-old sees no reason to go to the makeshift schools set up in the Khazar camp near Erbil.
"Going to school is now useless. I am helping my family," they said. They add that it is too late for them anyway. Had their education not been interrupted, Abdelsattar would be graduating in a few weeks.
Abdelsattar is one of tens of thousands of children orphaned or left homeless by the war on Islamic State and forced to work to support their families in Mosul, the militant's last major city stronghold in Iraq.
Returning these children to school is a priority for Iraq to end the cycle of sectarian violence fuelled in part by poverty and ignorance, the United Nations says.
"Investment in education is urgently needed, without which Iraq could lose an entire generation," said Laila Ali, a spokesperson for the UN's children agency UNICEF.
"Children from different ethnicities and religions, in the same classroom, will promote a cohesive society and will get children to think differently."
Even in the half of Mosul east of the Tigris River that has been retaken by Iraqi forces, where 320 of the 400 schools have reopened, Reuters interviewed dozens of children working as rubbish collectors, vegetable vendors or mechanics.
"I did not go to school because Islamic State came and they would teach children about fighting and send them to fight," says 12-year-old Falah by their vegetable cart in Mosul.
Within earshot, fighting was still raging. Just across the river, government troops, artillery and aircraft were attacking Islamic State's last stronghold in western Mosul.
Falah has four younger brothers. None of them have ever been to school.
ONE PLUS ONE EQUALS TWO
Huzayfa studied up to the fifth grade but stopped when Islamic State came. The militants taught math using bullets, rifles and bombs, said the 12-year-old, who sells scrap metal.
"They taught us 'one bullet plus one bullet' and how to fire weapons," they said.
The local education department in Nineveh province, of which Mosul is the capital, estimates 10 percent of children in east Mosul are still out of school. There has been no official count for almost four years, it said.
There are also no official statistics on the dropout rate, a spokesperson for Iraq's Education Ministry said, especially as many families have fled Mosul or Iraq altogether.
"We are counting on parent-teacher conferences and local officials to convince parents to send their kids back to school," said Ibrahim al-Sabti.
Government funds normally allocated to education have been depleted by corruption and mismanagement, lawmakers and non-governmental organisations say, citing the results of investigations in 2014 and 2016.
Oil-rich Iraq historically had very high literacy rates and primary school enrolment was 100 percent in the 1980s.
Illiteracy became rampant after international sanctions were imposed due to the August 1990-1991 occupation of Kuwait. Economic hardship was made worse by the civil war that broke out after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein.
LOST FUTURE
Schools in east Mosul started reopening in January and so far around 350,000 students are back in class, compared to 183,229 in 2013, with much of the increase due to displaced people from west Mosul and surrounding villages.
UNICEF estimates around 1.2 million Iraqi children are not in school nationwide.
The Iraqi military expects to dislodge Islamic State from the rest of Mosul in May but the militants are mounting a strong resistance in the densely populated Old City.
Iraqi troops began their offensive in October backed by a U.S.-led international coalition providing air and ground support. The militants are fighting back using booby traps, suicide motorcycle attacks, sniper and mortar fire and sometimes shells filled with toxic gas.
For children like Ahmed Abdelsattar, whether or not the group is finally ousted from Mosul has little bearing on their fate.
If they are lucky, they will return to where their home used to be in western Mosul's Al-Jadida district, an area where local officials and eyewitnesses have said as many as 240 people may have died in March when a building collapsed after a blast, burying families inside.
"The future is lost," they said with an air of resignation.
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall)
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The “what-if” speculation will reverberate around the NBA world — and especially Houston — for years: Had Chris Paul remained healthy, would the Rockets be going to the NBA Finals instead of the Warriors?
There's no way, of course, to accurately answer the question. But that didn't keep ESPN analyst Jalen Rose from trying.
“The Rockets would have won this series if Chris Paul was healthy,” they said, referring to the Western Conference Finals that went a full seven games with Golden State prevailing. “No question about it. Without (an injured) Andre Iguodala (playing for the Warriors), the Rockets would have advanced and they would have shaken up the basketball landscape.”
Rose made their comments on “Get Up,” ESPN's new morning show.
Paul did not play in the final two games of the Western Conference Finals due to a hamstring strain. They were injured in the final moments of Game 5. The all-star point guard averaged 21.1 points, 5.9 rebounds and 5.8 assists during the playoffs. They scored 18 of their 20 points in the second half of Game 5.
Of course, the Warriors and coach Steve Kerr can play the what-if game, as well.
After Sunday's Game 7 victory, Kerr told Reuters: “We would have won the series in five if Iggy played.”
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Monday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
POLITICS
Rome, G7 Energy Summit ends.
Lucca, G7 Foreign Affairs Summit starts; ends on April 11.
ECONOMY
Italy's draft additional measures to meet European Union's fiscal targets this year are likely to be in line with EU requests, the EU commission vice president said on Saturday.
The government will confirm an economic growth forecast of 1 percent for 2017 and revive its privatisation programme when it publishes a new multi-year fiscal plan this week, junior Economy Minister Enrico Morando said on Saturday.
Morando said Rome will indicate a falling trend for its huge public debt starting from 2018.
ISTAT releases February industrial output data (0800 GMT).
OECD releases February composite leading indicator (1000 GMT).
COMPANIES
TELECOM ITALIA
Vivendi CEO Arnaud de Puyfontaine topped the company's slate of nominees for Telecom Italia's board, suggesting the French media group wants to appoint them as chairperson of the Italian phone carrier.
(*) Italy's telecommunications authority may decide as early as Tuesday whether Vivendi's position as top shareholder in Telecom Italia and an investor in Mediaset is compatible with Italian laws, La Stampa reported on Monday.
BANCO BPM
Speaking at the bank's shareholder meeting, CEO Giuseppe Castagna ruled out the need for a capital increase, several newspapers reported on Sunday.
UBI.MI
Shareholders on Friday approved a capital increase for up to 400 million euros which is part of UBI's acquisition of three small banks that Italy rescued from bankruptcy in November 2015.
(*) CREDITO EMILIANO
Director General Nazzareno Gregori was quoted as saying in Monday's L'Economia that the bank could be interested in buying asset management companies.
BANCA POPOLARE DI VICENZA, VENETO BANCA
The draft restructuring plan drawn up by Atlante's chief Alessandro Penati, Vicenza CEO Fabrizio Viola and the treasury envisages a reduction in operating expenses of 30-35 percent, equivalent to up to 4,000 layoffs, La Repubblica said on Saturday.
It said the state was set to take a stake of at least 66 percent in the banks, with Atlante's holding diluted to less than 20 percent.
ITALIAN BANKS
Finance minister Pier Carlo Padoan said on Saturday that banks should be allowed to offload their bad loans in a "reasonable" time, urging the European Central Bank to be cautious in its push to clear banks' balance sheets of soured credit.
Credit Agricole's Italian unit Cariparma will likely rescue three small ailing banks, Il Messaggero reported on Saturday. Under a scheme agreed with the Bank of Italy, Cariparma will buy Cassa di Rimini, Cassa di Cesena and Cassa di San Miniato following an injection of fresh funds from the Italian fund that guarantees banks' deposits.
ENEL, POSTE ITALIANE, LEONARDO The government is studying a plan to sell stakes in the three state-owned companies to cash in up to 80 billion euros and cut public debt, Il Messaggero reported on Saturday.
According to the daily, one option envisages state fund Cassa Depositi e Prestiti buying stakes in the three groups from the Treasury. CDP would issue preferred shares and sell them to institutional investors to raise the funds needed to pay for the stakes. The plan is being examined by a group of experts, the newspaper said, adding it is not clear yet whether the deal will be included in the Treasury's multi-year budget plan due to be published on Tuesday.
INTESA SANPAOLO, UNICREDIT, ALITALIA
Italy's two biggest lenders have threatened to walk away from negotiations to rescue airline Alitalia if state lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti does not guarantee new loans the banks are expected to grant to the carrier to keep it afloat, Il Messaggero reported on Saturday.
La Stampa said on Sunday that UniCredit is asking for further cost cuts at the airline. It said CDP was unlikely to get involved in the rescue, mentioning the possibility of a state loan to the carrier.
(*) Intesa could be ready to provide more credit to Alitalia but it rules out taking a stake in the airline, la Repubblica A&F reported on Monday. Like UniCredit, Intesa would like CDP to step in but such a move appears unlikely, the paper said.
(*) INTESA SANPAOLO
The bidding consortium comprising Christofferson Robb & Company and Bayview has submitted the highest bid for the 2.5 billion euro bad loan portfolio Intesa has put up for sale, Il Sole 24 Ore reported on Sunday. The bank is also seeking a partner to manage 1.35 billion euros in real estate loans.
(*) BRUNELLO CUCINELLI
The luxury goods group CEO confirmed in an interview with L'Economia on Monday that sales would rise double-digit in 2017
GENERALI
The insurer may appoint a director general, Il Sole 24 Ore said on Saturday.
AS ROMA
Ordinary shareholders' meeting (1300 GMT).
TREVI
Presents FY results (1500 GMT).
AVIO
Rocket engine maker Avio debuts on STAR segment, listing ceremony at 0615 GMT.
BANCO DESIO
Trades ex-dividend of 0.0846 euros per ordinary share and 0,1016 euros per saving share.
COIMA RES
Trades ex-dividend of 0,11 euros per share.
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: An Apple logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
Apple Inc (AAPL.O) has hired a team of biomedical engineers as part of a secret initiative, initially envisioned by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, to develop sensors to treat diabetes, CNBC reported citing three people familiar with the matter.
An Apple spokesperson declined to comment.
The engineers are expected to work at a nondescript office in Palo Alto, California, close to the corporate headquarters, CNBC said.
The news comes at the time when the line between pharmaceuticals and technology is blurring as companies are joining forces to tackle chronic diseases using high-tech devices that combine biology, software and hardware, thereby jump-starting a novel field of medicine called bioelectronics.
Last year, GlaxoSmithKline Plc (GSK.L) and Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) unveiled a joint company aimed at marketing bioelectronic devices to fight illness by attaching to individual nerves.
U.S. biotech firms Setpoint Medical and EnteroMedics Inc (ETRM.O) have already shown early benefits of bioelectronics in treating rheumatoid arthritis and suppressing appetite in the obese.
Other companies playing around the idea of bioelectronics include Medtronic Plc (MDT.N), Proteus Digital Technology, Sanofi SA (SASY.PA) and Biogen Inc (BIIB.O).
The company's shares were marginally up after the bell on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler and Lisa Shumaker)
A TOOWOOMBA man will be hoping third time really is lucky after their second attempt at bail was denied in the Toowoomba Magistrates Court today.
During the hearing, police prosecutor Rowan Brewster-Webb told the court that Reece James Boxshall was caught in the act and arrested by three off-duty police officers eating breakfast in a Toowoomba cafe earlier this year.
Some of their 10 charges, including entering a dwelling at night and attempted stealing, were allegedly committed just 10 days after they were granted bail on other matters - the court heard.
They were also on parole at the time.
"He has most certainly used up the graciousness of the court," Mr Brewster-Webb said.
Their lawyer argued that some of the charges may not hold up to scrutiny given Boxshall was arrested by officers not technically on the clock, something Mr Brewster-Webb said would fall short given they are "technically always on duty".
Magistrate Viviana Keagan denied the 28-year-old bail and ordered that their matters be adjourned to be heard back in the same court on July 18.
YEREVAN Armenians voted for a new parliament on Sunday in a closely fought race between the ruling party and a former coalition partner that heralds the start of a parliamentary system of government.
Under constitutional changes critics say were designed to prolong the political life of President Serzh Sarksyan, parliament, not voters, will elect the president for the first time. That role will become largely ceremonial while the office of prime minister will become more powerful.
Voting got under way at 0400 GMT and would last until 1600 GMT in the country with about 2.6 million eligible voters.
Sarksyan, the 62-year-old leader of the ruling Republican Party of Armenia (RPA), has repeatedly denied that the changes, which were approved by the electorate in a December 2015 referendum, were made for their benefit.
They have been president since 2008 but their second term expires next year. Under the new system, critics say, they could keep wielding executive power by becoming prime minister, stay active by remaining leader of the RPA or quit politics but keep exercising influence via a handpicked successor.
The outcome of Sunday's vote was difficult to predict, with polls showing the RPA neck-and-neck with an opposition alliance led by wealthy business person Gagik Tsarukyan.
Their alliance has ruled in coalition with the RPA before, but it is not clear whether it would agree to do so again if, as expected, it fails to win enough support to rule alone.
The ruling party still wields considerable support and its main campaigner, Prime Minister Karen Karapetyan, who was appointed in September, is a popular figure and the RPA candidate for the post of the prime minister after this vote.
"I'm very optimistic, but time will show (who will win)," they said after voting.
Many Armenians, however, accuse the government of corruption and of mishandling the troubled economy.
Armenia depends heavily for aid and investment on Russia, which has been hard hit in the past three years by an economic downturn. Armenia has felt the impact, with growth falling to 0.2 percent last year from 3.0 percent in 2015.
"Voters should vote for (our) party, which will change laws and will change life," Tsarukyan said after voting at a polling station in their native town of Abovyan, about 20 km north-east from the capital Yerevan.
"Economic growth is impossible in the current situation."
Political analysts say unrest could erupt after the vote, partly due to a growing malaise over the economic slowdown.
"The situation is especially tense, due to the deepening level of discontent and dissent," said Richard Giragosian, director of the Regional Studies Centre in Yerevan.
(Additional reporting by Margarita Antidze; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Some of them sound too bizarre to be true.
Many of us are guilty of trying out a fad diet in a desperate attempt to lose weight, but they tend to be extremely silly and therefore don't last particularly long.
In fact, there are so many ridiculous and unsustainable fad diets out there, some are hard to believe are real.
But can you tell the difference between what's actually a popular craze and what's something we completely made up? Try our quiz to find out, but one thing we definitely don't recommend trying is any of these diets…
© Press Association 2017
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 Natural Alternatives International Inc :
* Natural Alternatives International, Inc announces extension of carnosyn® beta-alanine intellectual property portfolio
* Natural alternatives - u.s. Patent and trademark office issued notice of allowance of patent application directed to broad range of improved methods of beta-alanine intake
* Says patent rights will not expire until 2023 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CANADA STOCKS-TSX slumps to 6-month low as resource stocks slide
TORONTO, June 14 Canada's main stock index slumped on Wednesday to its lowest close in six months as a drop in crude oil prices pressured energy shares, while the materials group also lost ground as a Federal Reserve interest rate hike weighed on gold prices.
April 10 Grupo Aeroportuario Del Sureste Sab De Cv:
* ASUR acquires controlling interest in entities with concessions to operate Colombian airports
* Grupo Aeroportuario Del Sureste -following consummation of deal, co will own about 92.42 pct capital stock of airplan, 97.26pct capital stock of Oriente Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 up 0.1 pct
* Burberry jumps after Coty deal
* ITV drops after M&A disappointment
* Imagination plummets as Apple abandons firm
By Kit Rees
LONDON, April 3 Britain's top share index rose on Monday in choppy trade, beginning the second quarter on a positive note as gains among oil-related stocks and Burberry supported the FTSE 100 index.
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was up 0.1 percent at 7,328.28 points by 0954 GMT.
Luxury firm Burberry was the top riser, jumping 1.7 percent after saying that it would transfer its beauty business to U.S. group Coty in a deal that will bring in around $225 million plus ongoing royalty payments.
"It's maybe one of those signature deals which could raise expectations of a new way of doing business, a new extra source of revenue beyond the traditional model," Jasper Lawler, senior market analyst at London Capital Group, said.
A rally in oil stocks also lent support, with BP up 1.2 percent and Royal Dutch Shell rising 0.5 percent as the price of crude oil prices edged higher.
British banks were the biggest drag on the index, however, taking off around 4 points, with Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland, down 1 percent and 0.3 percent respectively, in line with a broader decline among continental lenders.
ITV was the biggest individual faller, dropping 2.6 percent and giving back a large part of the gains it made on Friday on the back of M&A speculation.
Late on Friday, ITV jumped following a regulatory ownership filing that fuelled speculation of renewed Liberty Global interest in the company.
ITV's shares pulled back on Monday after Liberum analysts said that it had spoken with the company and ITV had said that the move was not Liberty increasing their stake in ITV.
Data showing that British manufacturing lost some of its momentum last month disappointed, as purchasing managers' index (PMI) figures showed that manufacturing growth slowed in the first three months of this year.
Retailer Next was another sizeable faller, down 2 percent after Exane BNP Paribas cut its rating on the stock to "underperform" from "neutral".
Outside of the blue chips, Imagination Technologies plunged more than 60 percent, on track for its biggest one-day loss on record after its biggest customer Apple said that it would stop using the British firm's graphics technology in the iPhone and other products in up to two years' time.
"It's the worst nightmare for Imagination. Apple accounts for about half its revenues – you simply cannot easily replace a customer of that scale in a hurry, hence the gigantic selloff in the stock," Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital, said. (Reporting by Kit Rees; Editing by Stephen Powell)
A new study by AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety confirmed that millennials can't seem to put down their cellphones, even when they're behind the wheel.
After surveying over 2,500 Americans, AAA concluded that 19- to 24-year-olds are more inclined than any other age group to check their phones for texts while in the driver's seat. They also aren't as supportive of legislation aimed at stemming distractions while on the road, and they're more likely to normalize texting and driving.
Phone use is one of many dangers that contribute to almost 100 American deaths every day, on average, because of car wrecks. Another is driving while intoxicated, which almost everyone agreed was a serious threat to their personal safety.
But as the study notes, most American drivers seem to abide by the mantra, “Do as I say, not as I do.” More than one in eight respondents said they had driven after drinking within the past year.
Senators Call for Investigation After Flynn Resignation
Senators from both sides of the aisle are calling for an independent investigation into Michael Flynn after Flynn resigned from their post as President Donald Trump's National Security Advisor on Monday night. Trump allegedly asked Flynn to resign after the latter was found to have misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about discussing sanctions with Russia's ambassador. (Published 5 hours ago) (Published 5 hours ago)
Aggressive driving can also cause wrecks. Though over three-fourths of those polled said they disapproved of speeding on the freeway, almost half admitted to driving at least 15 miles over the speed limit in the past month.
Because of irresponsible driving, 982,307 Americans have died since 1991. One in five survey respondents had been in a serious accident, and one in three was close with someone who had been injured or killed on the road.
In 2015, there were 35,092 people who lost their lives in motor vehicle crashes, a 7.2 percent increase from the year before.
"People in the United Sates do value safe travel and desire a greater level of safety than they now experience," authors of the survey wrote.
Because of dangers associated with driving, many of those questioned said that it's unacceptable to not wear a seat belt. Still, one in six admitted they hadn't buckled up in the last month.
May 3 ICC Holdings Inc:
* Quarterly earnings per share $0.27
* Quarterly earnings per share $0.27
* ICC Holdings Inc- company's gaap combined ratio was 95.35 pct in q1 of 2017 compared to 96.31 pct in q1 of 2016
* ICC Holdings Inc - direct premiums written grew by 4.2 pct, to $12.6 million for three months ended March 31, 2017 from $12.1 million for same period of 2016 Source text - bit.ly/2pXE1PJ Further company coverage:
São Paulo Brazil's renewable power generation company Renova Energia SA (RNEW11.SA) will finalize the sale of wind farm Alto Sertão II to the Brazilian unit of AES Corp (AES.N) for about 700 million reais ($223 million) as early as Monday, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The project sale is a condition for Brookfield Asset Management Inc's (BAMa.TO) plan to enter Renova's controlling bloc in a deal valued at about 1 billion reais, said the people, who asked for anonymity because the matter remains private.
Under terms of the deal, which could be announced in coming days, Canada's Brookfield (BAMa.TO) would purchase the 15.7 percent stake that Light Energia SA has in Renova and then pump fresh cash into the company, said the people. Currently, Light forms part of a controlling bloc that owns about 64 percent of Renova.
Renova units (RNEW11.SA), a blend of its common and preferred shares, jumped 10 percent on Friday, on top of a 15 percent surge the prior trading day. Shares of Light (LIGT3.SA) shed 1.3 percent, their fourth decline in five sessions.
Renova did not have an immediate comment. Light's press office referred any questions related to Renova to controlling shareholder Cia Energética de Minas Gerais SA (CMIG4.SA).
Brookfield declined to comment. AES Brasil said it continues to analyze the Alto Sertão II transaction, without elaborating further.
Both deals, if successfully concluded, would help Renova overcome a severe cash crunch that has led to investment plan delays and cost cuts. Renova's woes have worsened since a planned partnership with SunEdison Inc (SUNEQ.PK) collapsed weeks before the U.S. company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
By injecting capital, Brookfield would be giving Light a chance to exit the company while diluting the other two members of Renova's controlling bloc, Cia Energética de Minas Gerais SA (CMIG4.SA) and RR Participações SA.
(Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
(Reuters) - Male rats exposed to very high levels of the kind of radiation emitted by cellphones developed tumors in the tissues around their hearts, according to a draft report by U.S. government researchers on the potential health risks of the devices.
Female rats and mice exposed in the same way did not develop tumors, according to the preliminary report from the U.S. National Toxicology Program (NTP), a part of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.
The findings add to years of research meant to help settle the debate over whether cellphone radiation is harmful.
Although intriguing, the findings can not be extrapolated to humans, NTP scientists and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said on Friday. They noted that the animal studies were meant to test extreme exposures to cell phone radiation, and that current safety limits on cellphone radiation are protective.
However, the two 10-year, $25 million studies - the most comprehensive assessments of health effects and exposure to radiofrequency radiation in rats and mice to date - do raise new questions about exposure to the ubiquitous devices.
In the studies, about 6 percent of male rats whose entire bodies were exposed to the highest level of cell phone radiation developed schwannomas - a rare type of tumor - in nerve tissue near their hearts, while there were no schwannomas in animals that were not exposed to radiation.
“The intriguing part of this is the kind of tumors we saw were similar to tumors noted for quite some time in some epidemiological studies in heavy-duty cellphone users,” John Bucher, a senior scientist with NTP, said in a telephone interview.
“Of course, these were in the nerves in the ear and next to the brain, but the tumor types were the same as we saw in the heart.”
Dr. Otis Brawley, chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society, noted that the studies were negative for common tumors.
“These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern, but in fact they won't change what I tell people: the evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak, and so far, we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people,” they said in a statement on Twitter.
Brawley said if cellphone users are concerned about this data in animals they should wear an earpiece.
Unlike ionizing radiation such as that from gamma rays, radon and X-rays, which can break chemical bonds in the body and are known to cause cancer, radiofrequency devices such as cellphones and microwaves emit radiofrequency energy, a form of non-ionizing radiation.
The concern with this type of radiation is that it produces energy in the form of heat, and frequent exposure against the skin could alter brain cell activity, as some studies have suggested.
In the NTP study, rats and mice were exposed to higher levels of radiation for longer periods of time than what people experience with even the highest level of cellphone use, and their entire bodies were exposed all at once, according to the draft report.
Bucher said the effect likely only showed up in the male rats because they were larger, and likely absorbed more radiation than the female rats or mice.
Cellphones typically emit lower levels of radiation than maximum levels allowed, the draft report said.
Cellphone radiation quickly dissipates, so the risk, if any, would be to areas of the body in close proximity to the device emitting the radiation, Bucher said.
They said the findings are intended to help inform the design of future cell phone technologies. The study looked at only 2G and 3G frequencies, which are still commonly used for phone calls. It does not apply to 4G or 5G, which use different frequencies and modulation, they said.
NTP, a part of the National Institutes of Health, will hold an external expert review of its findings on March 26-28.
Dr. Jeffrey Shuren, head of the FDA's radiological health division, said there is not enough evidence to say cellphone use poses health risks to people.
“Even with frequent daily use by the vast majority of adults, we have not seen an increase in events like brain tumors,” they said in a statement. “We believe the current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health.”
Asked what the public should take from the study, Bucher said, “I wouldn't change my behavior based on these studies, and I haven‘t.”
Nevertheless, the findings are potentially a concern for device makers, especially the world's three biggest smartphone sellers, Apple Inc, Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and China's Huawei Technologies [HWT.UL].
The CTIA, the trade association representing AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc, Apple Inc, Sprint Corp, DISH Network Corp, and others, said on Friday that previous studies have shown cellphone RF energy emissions have no known heath risks.
”We understand that the NTP draft reports for its mice and rat studies will be put out for comment and peer review so that their significance can be assessed,” the group said.
Samsung and Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Iran's Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh arrives for a meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) in Vienna, Austria, November 30, 2016. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
The OPEC flag and the OPEC logo are seen before a news conference in Vienna, Austria, October 24, 2016. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
TEHRAN Iran's Oil Minister said on Saturday OPEC and non-OPEC countries had given positive signals for an extension of output cuts, which Tehran would also back.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)meets in May to discuss oil supply policy. Oil prices fell last week though they closed higher on Friday on growing hope that OPEC might agree to extend production cuts long enough to reduce a global crude glut.
"During these last days we received a positive signal from OPEC members and non-OPEC contributors in this agreement for cutting the production for extending this agreement for the second half of 2017," minister Bijan Zanganeh told reporters.
Zanganeh blamed the United States for lack of foreign investment in Iran's energy sector, citing political pressure on international oil companies.
"They (U.S.) cannot stop us, anyone cannot stop our activities for developing oil and gas but ... they can reduce the acceleration of our activities," they said.
Under a deal reached in 2015, Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear programme in exchange for lifting of most international sanctions imposed on the country.
But many foreign investors have continued to be put off by obstacles to doing business in Iran, including lingering unilateral U.S. sanctions.
(Writing by Parisa Hafezi; editing by John Stonestreet)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Union Jack (L), the Gibraltarian flag (C) and the European Union flag are seen flying, at the border of Gibraltar with Spain, in front of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
EU Council President Donald Tusk holds British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter, which was delivered by Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow (not pictured) that gives notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, in Brussels, Belgium, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
LONDON Just days after Prime Minister Theresa May formally served the European Union with divorce papers, a powerful affliction appeared to strike some in Britain: Brexit fever.
Amid a row with Spain and the EU over the status of Gibraltar, a former leader of May's Conservative party, Michael Howard, even said they would be prepared to go to war to defend the small British territory near Spain's southern tip.
Beside headlines about war over "the Rock" in Britain's Eurosceptic press, there was also enthusiasm for an as yet unconfirmed plan to ditch European burgundy passports and return to the sturdy blue British passports of the past.
Readers of the Daily Telegraph were told that while the once mighty Royal Navy was weaker than it used to be, it could still "cripple" Spain if required.
A columnist in The Sun suggested May should threaten to expel all 125,000 Spaniards from Britain and tax Rioja wine unless Madrid backed off over Gibraltar, ceded to Britain under the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713 but which Spain wants back.
So is Brexit fever sweeping Britain?
"Some people are getting a bit overexcited and I would take everything that was said over the weekend with a massive pinch of salt," Anand Menon, professor of European politics and foreign affairs at King's College in London, told Reuters.
The prime minister, an initial opponent of Brexit who won the top job in the political turmoil that followed the referendum, now has two years to sort out the terms of the divorce before it comes into effect in March 2019.
May, 60, has one of the toughest tasks of any recent British prime minister: holding Britain together in the face of renewed Scottish independence demands, while conducting talks with 27 other EU states on finance, trade, security and other issues.
May's spokesperson sought to calm matters down, saying that what Howard "was trying to establish was the resolve that we will have to protect the rights of Gibraltar and its sovereignty".
Asked if that would include ultimately sending a naval task force to protect Gibraltar as Britain did to the Falklands 35 years ago, they said: "That isn't going to happen."
"RED, WHITE AND BLUE BREXIT"
The Daily Mail carried a factbox on "Who's got the biggest armada?" while praising putting the blue passport back into "a red, white and BLUE Brexit".
But the belligerent mood, shared by only a section of British society, could also have a more serious impact on the course of Brexit, according to Menon.
"If the talks break down over money or trade or whatever and the mood music is perfidious Europe, then it makes it a lot easier for the prime minister to deflect blame and hold a snap red, white and blue election," said Menon.
"It also arguably makes it harder for May to compromise over Brexit," they said.
The outcome of the negotiations will shape the future of Britain's economy, the world's fifth biggest, and determine whether London can keep remain one of the top two global financial centres.
For the EU, already reeling from successive crises over debt and refugees, the loss of Britain is the biggest blow yet to 60 years of efforts to forge European unity after two world wars.
In Britain, though, the mood was jubilant - and at times bordering on the surreal.
Another piece in the Telegraph called for the return of Britain's "imperial" units - confusing ancient weights and measures which sit alongside the metric system: Beer is served in pints but petrol in litres.
Kelvin MacKenzie, a columnist who edited the Sun newspaper from 1981 to 1994, had strong words for Spain.
"We are only just into these Brexit negotiations and to be honest I have already gone from jaw-jaw to war-war," they wrote. "Our friends in Europe are quickly turning out to be our foes. It's only in recent history where Germany and Italy have been on our side."
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by Giles Elgood)
(Adds overseas listing and strategic partner plan, background)
By Mai Nguyen
HANOI, March 29 Vietnam's top fuel importer and distributor Petrolimex plans to list all its shares on the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange on April 21, its chairperson said on Wednesday.
The listing of Petrolimex, 76 percent owned by the government, is part of the Vietnam's push to privatise state-owned firms to attract investment. Petrolimex had its initial public offering in 2011, which in Vietnam is a separate step from listing shares.
A price for the listing has not been decided, Chairman Bui Ngoc Bao told reporters on the sideline of Petrolimex's listing roadshow, but would not be lower than the price sold to Japanese strategic investor JX Holdings, which is around 40,000 dong ($1.76) a share, they said.
Petrolimex's listing price on the exchange would also be around its current price on Vietnam's over-the-counter market at around 47,000-50,000 dong ($2.02-$2.19) per share, Bao said, which would bring the company's value to $2.7-$2.8 billion.
Bao said they expect JX would be the only strategic investor in Petrolimex and it could raise its stake in the Vietnamese firm from 8 percent now to 20-25 percent in the future.
"We follow the one wife-one husband rule ... JX is a suitable strategic investor in the field of petroleum, and is the only strategic investor; that's how we can share all information and trust each other completely," they told investors.
Bao said the Vietnam listing would be a stepping stone for a possible stock market debut overseas for Petrolimex, where they see Singapore, both a financial and energy hub, a suitable market. But a plan has yet been mapped out, they added.
Petrolimex has a market share of 48 to 50 percent of Vietnam's total market in the oil and petrol retail and distribution business, according to Saigon Securities Incorp (SSI), which advises Petrolimex's listing.
Petrolimex's income before tax in 2016 surged 68 percent from a year earlier to 6.3 trillion dong ($276.6 million), but the figure is expected to fall 34 percent this year to 4.1 trillion dong, SSI said. ($1 = 22,773 dong) (Reporting by Mai Nguyen; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and David Evans)
Cycling - UCI Track World Championships - Women's Scratch Race, Final - Hong Kong, China - 12/4/17 - Britain's Elinor Barker, Italy's Rachele Barbieri and Belgium's Jolien D'Hoore celebrate with their medals on the podium. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
Defending champions New Zealand beat the Netherlands to take gold in the men's team sprint at the world track championships on Wednesday, as Britain, who dominated the Rio boards at last year's Olympics, endured a disappointing day.
Russian duo Daria Shmeleva and Anastasiia Voinova also defended their title in the women's team sprint final, beating Australia's Kaarle McCulloch and Stephanie Morton, with Germany holding off China to take bronze.
Britain's Elinor Barker was pipped to gold by Italy's Rachele Barbieri, who overhauled the Welsh rider with metres to go in the 10km women's scratch race, while Jolien D'Hoore of Belgium finished third at the Hong Kong Velodrome.
"I went ever so slightly too soon and that probably cost me the race," the 22-year-old Barker told the BBC. "I was just not fast enough. Congratulations to them but I'm really disappointed."
Britain, who won six track golds in Rio, also suffered disappointment in the men's team sprint, with the young trio of Jack Carlin, Ryan Owens and Joseph Truman finishing third-fastest in qualifying but failing to get past runners-up Netherlands in the first round.
In the men's team pursuit, Britain's Andy Tennant, Mark Stewart, Ollie Wood and Chris Latham will go head-to-head with Italy in Thursday's race for the bronze medal, while Australia and New Zealand vie for gold.
Britain bagged gold medals in both the men's and women's team pursuit in Rio, but Australia's Sam Welsford, Cameron Meyer, Kelland O'Brien and Alexander Porter came within a whisker of breaking the world record set by the British men at the Olympics.
Australia qualified in 3:50.577, just outside the world record time of 3:50.265 that Ed Clancy, Owain Doull, Steven Burke and Bradley Wiggins managed last year.
Britain's new-look women's pursuit team of Eleanor Dickinson, Emily Kay, Manon Lloyd and Emily Nelson remain in the hunt for a bronze medal after finishing fifth in qualifying, and face Poland in the first round on Thursday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Toby Davis)
AFC Rushden & Diamonds are going up!
The job was completed in devastating fashion as Andy Peaks' team hammered Aylesbury FC 7-1 at a rainswept Hayden Road while third-placed Hartley Wintney went down 1-0 at Kempston Rovers to confirmed Diamonds' promotion to Step Three for the first time in their history.
The Diamonds players celebrate after the final whistle
Peaks and their players, as they have done for most of the Evo-Stik South League East season, delivered when it really mattered.
They tore into their visitors, particularly in a one-sided second half and finished them off to leave no questions unanswered.
The fans were singing in the rain, the players were clearly enjoying the moment and Peaks will no doubt have been an extremely proud man as they watched on.
The play-off defeat at St Ives Town two years ago hurt, the loss at Witton Albion in the semi-finals last season was accepted but this time Peaks wanted no mistakes.
Captain Liam Dolman wheels away after they headed home the fifth goal
With two automatic promotion places up for grabs, they set their stall out to get the job done.
The aim for the season has been executed almost to perfection and they may yet add the title to round things off nicely.
But, for the moment, everyone associated with the club should savour another promotion.
And there could be no arguments at the way it was completed.
Ben Farrell scores the goal that complete their hat-trick
After a low-key start, Diamonds burst into life with the crucial opening goal just past the quarter-hour.
Luke Fairlamb, as they have all season, was the livewire on the wing and they skipped past a defender before driving the ball across where Ben Farrell arrived on cue to hammer into the roof of the net.
That settled things down and, after Sam Brown had an effort cleared off the line, the lead was doubled when Joel Gyasi's inswinging free-kick from just inside the left touchline caught the wind and sailed over Ashley Jenkins' head and into the net.
Brown so nearly had a moment to savour when they beat four players in a mazy run, only to see their final effort blocked.
But a sustained period of pressure followed with Aylesbury's Kris Clark in the right place to head away the danger after Spencer Weir-Daley had lofted the ball over Jenkins after breaking clear.
Liam Dolman headed just over from a Gyasi corner and Farrell sliced wide of the target as chances continued to arrive.
But Aylesbury clearly hadn't read the script in full and a moment of sloppiness in the home defence saw them fail to clear their lines and Kieran Schmidt fed the ball through to David Pobbe who fired home to make it 2-1.
Diamonds didn't panic though and they restored the two-goal advantage just before half-time when Ryan Robbins charged away in the right channel. Jenkins half-saved the striker's effort but Farrell was there to pick up the pieces from close-range.
Jenkins made a good save from a well-struck Ross Oulton effort before the break but the hosts continued in the same vein after the break.
Weir-Daley missed the target with a free header but Farrell made it a night to remember when they completed their hat-trick, following in to score after Jenkins could only parry Robbins' strike.
But there can't be a party without Liam Dolman and the Diamonds captain got in on the act with a thumping header from a corner to make it 5-1.
That wasn't it by a long shot, however.
Peaks threw on Ben Diamond and Tom Lorraine in place of Weir-Daley and Robbins and it was Diamond who had the final say.
They slid home number six after Jenkins came flying out of their goal and then made it a magnificent seven with a good finish across goal.
Lorraine was only denied by one goal-line clearance and another good block as Diamonds threatened to rack up double figures.
This was a job not only done, it was completed in brutal fashion as Peaks' players ensured no-one was left in any doubt.
The final whistle sparked the wild celebrations with the wind and rain sweeping across the ground being largely ignored as the players and supporters savoured the moment.
Diamonds are going up again and they thoroughly deserve it...
Diamonds: Heath; Punter, Dolman, Brown; Gyasi, Westbrook, Oulton, Farrell (sub Ford, 76 mins), Fairlamb; Weir-Daley (sub Diamond, 70 mins), Robbins (sub Lorraine, 70 mins). Subs not used: Ashton, Westwood.
Aylesbury: Jenkins; Haye, Clark, Feyi, Brown; Njogu, Neale (sub Scott, 65 mins); A Ball, Touceda (sub Woodfine, 71 mins), Pobbe; Schmidt. Subs not used: Banert, D Ball, Ashley.
Referee: Elliott Kaye.
Goals: Farrell (16 mins, 1-0), Gyasi (20 mins, 2-0), Pobbe (33 mins, 2-1), Farrell (43 mins, 3-1), Farrell (61 mins, 4-1), Dolman (64 mins, 5-1), Diamond (74 mins, 6-1), Diamond (80 mins, 7-1).
Bookings: Feyi, Neale, Pobbe (all fouls).
Attendance: 545.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Goldenmax International Technology Ltd
* Says it acquired 60 percent stake in a Shanghai-based medical equipment firm for 198 million yuan
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/PD5tkG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
São Paulo, March 31 Brazil's renewable power generation company Renova Energia SA will finalize the sale of wind farm Alto Sertao II to the Brazilian unit of AES Corp for about 700 million reais ($223 million) as early as Monday, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The project sale is a condition for Brookfield Asset Management Inc's plan to enter Renova's controlling bloc in a deal valued at about 1 billion reais, said the people, who requested anonymity because the matter remains private.
Renova and the AES unit did not have an immediate comment. Brookfield declined to comment.
($1 = 3.1342 reais) (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Creating that great customer experience (CX) is a potent combination of user experience design (UX), user interface design (UI), and brand experience design (BX) combined with strong technical implementation.
End
-- Be it Singapore's famed high-rise condominiums that feature communal recreational facilities, or big telecom corporations monitoring and tracking employee health – each of them is investing in digital platforms to keep their customers and employees happy. Extentia is proud to have played a pivotal role in these initiatives.Whether for the residential or institutional user, it is an age of diminishing attention spans. Competing stimuli on the world's smallest yet most valuable piece of real estate – the mobile screen – makes a friction-free experience essential for any digital experience.So, every business, be it a service or product-based organization, is now investing in improving their customer's experience. Many organizations are investing millions of dollars in transforming their businesses and bringing customer experience to the forefront.Creating that great customer experience (CX) is a potent combination of user experience design (UX), user interface design (UI), and brand experience design (BX) combined with strong technical implementation.A team of business analysts, researchers, product specialists, user experience designers, interface designers, and stakeholders come together to craft an experience. They start by understanding the industry, business goals, and study target customers and competitors. In this phase, a competitive audit is essential, to recognize rivals' strengths and differentiate from them. The value proposition that finally emerges from this cognitive phase is in unison with the company's product and the customer's desire.Post competitor analysis, in-depth interviews with the subject are conducted, complemented with market data. A thorough examination of the intended user – who they are, what they believe in, and what drives them is the start of the process.Mapping the customer journey and their touchpoints with the brand is the next crucial step, as it allows designers to pin down the customer's motivations and needs at each stage and create the appropriate design solutions.Armed with the touch points, motivation factors, analysis of the end user and industry – the UX designer lays out the Information Architecture and groups the features of the product.This process is followed by low fidelity wireframes that represent the page structure as well as its hierarchy and key elements.At this stage, UI designers take over – by taking all the findings and putting together a mood board, which helps determine the overall theme of the product/app. The mood board helps put together color palettes, illustrations, and visual design in one place.UI designers slowly start converting the low fidelity prototypes into colorful interfaces, visually guiding the user through a product's interface, evoking a reaction, and encouraging interaction across all sizes of devices and platforms. Cooperation and collaboration with software developers also fall under the UI designer's tasks.With broad experience in the CX design methodology – built over close to two decades in the field, Extentia believes that customer, user, and brand experience design are vital components in a continuum of skill sets to render the optimal end-to-end experience to the end customer.Conventionally, advertising agencies may have branding and visual skills, while IT companies may boast of the full arsenal of code, development, and implementation. In this scenario, customer and user experience would be outsourced or technology development takes center stage with UI being an afterthought.is what distinguishes Extentia's delivery of business communication design services, which include videos, presentations, journey maps, mobile prototypes, among other offerings. Of the 400 staff at Extentia, 60 are design-focused, quite likely the largest that any IT firm maintains internally.The core team that takes on projects is composed of a business analyst, a usability expert, a user interface designer, storytellers, and the Director – Design and Experience. In addition, Extentia mixes on-site illustrators with globally distinctive styles, interaction designers, UI developers adept at HTML, project managers with a UI background, video developers, quality assurance staff, and a delivery head.In addition, distinguishing the company's approach is that technology is in their DNA. This assures that implementation is pitch-perfect. Extentia's proprietary questionnaire in the discovery phase probes age groups and environmental factors of where the product will be used. For example, whether the device will be used in a factory setting or outdoors will make all the difference to the choice of display and colors.Australia values UX over UI, the Europeans favor a more minimalistic and spare style, while Chinese customers prefer a more colorful and information-rich interface.
LOS ANGELES Jack in the Box Inc (JACK.O) said it is offering delivery services at more than 800 of the U.S. fast-food chain's restaurants starting on Thursday, under a new partnership with DoorDash Inc.
The deal, which includes more than 200 cities, comes as chains ranging from McDonald's Corp (MCD.N) to Panera Bread Co (PNRA.O) hope that appealing to convenience-seeking U.S. diners will help reverse the industry's stubborn traffic slump.
Partnering with DoorDash for delivery "is faster and more efficient" than doing it in-house, Iwona Alter, Jack's chief marketing officer, told Reuters.
And, it has boosted business. "We are seeing larger orders, which are beneficial to our business," Alter said.
Under its new deal, Jack will extend delivery from its test market in San Francisco to cities such as Los Angeles, Dallas, Phoenix and Seattle. The deal, terms of which were not disclosed, covers almost 40 percent of the chain's 2,200 restaurants.
In 2016, delivery accounted for 1.7 million U.S. restaurant visits, or about 3 percent of restaurant traffic, and $16.1 billion in sales, said Bonnie Riggs, a restaurant industry analyst for the NPD Group's foodservice unit.
Traffic growth from delivery was up 7 percent in 2016 versus 2012, Riggs said, adding that most of the increase was from restaurants outside the pizza category.
SIGNIFICANT OPPORTUNITY
Executives at McDonald's, who are experimenting with UberEats delivery in Florida and have plans to expand its U.S. test with other delivery providers, recently called delivery a "significant" $100 billion opportunity.
Seamless and GrubHub Inc (GRUB.N) account for the most of the delivery industry's sales, but companies like UberEats, DoorDash and Postmates are growing briskly.
Delivery companies, many of which own the data they collect about consumers who order food through their sites, make money by charging restaurant partners a commission of 10 percent to 30 percent. Some also add separate delivery fees for diners.
Representatives from PF Chang's China Bistro and Buffalo Wild Wings Inc (BWLD.O) say it is worth outsourcing delivery to bring in sales that otherwise would have gone elsewhere.
Customers that come through third-party delivery sites "have already made a decision not to come to your restaurant," said Todd Kronebusch, vice president of market development at Buffalo Wild Wings.
But other chains are going a different direction.
Panera Bread Co (PNRA.O) tested third-party delivery services before building its own. The chain wanted access to customer data and control over delivery and food quality, Panera President Blaine Hurst said.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; Editing by Randy Fabi)
March 29 Kangmei Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says its Hong Kong-based unit will invest C$1 million to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in Toronto named Kangmei(Toronto) Health Technology Co Ltd, which will be engaged in R&D and selling business of American ginseng and other health foods
* Says its health unit will invest 100 million yuan to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in Guangzhou, which will be engaged in logistics warehousing and smart pharmacy business
* Says its information unit will invest 50 million yuan to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in Shenzhen, which will be engaged in factoring business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Vwdl2E; goo.gl/Ddgdlq; goo.gl/Y1eh28
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 6 Electrocomponents Plc
* Trading update
* Our results for full year ended 31 March 2017 to be ahead of our previous expectations
* Q4 revenue growth accelerated to 8 pct leading to revenue growth of 5 pct for full year
* Revenues in quarter have also benefitted from a more favourable competitive environment in quarter.
* RS Pro, our own-brand business, which accounts for around 12 pct of revenues saws revenue growth of around 5 pct in q4.
* Ecommerce, which represents around 60 pct of revenues saws revenue growth of around 8 pct in q4, broadly in line with group growth rate.
* Expect a similar year-on-year percentage point improvement in full-year gross margin to that seen in first-half gross margin.
* Continue to make good progress on our cost initiatives and are on track to deliver £18 million of net savings in year to March 2017
* Fy 2017 revenue and profits have seen a significant benefit from foreign exchange
* Fy 2018 we expect to see an adverse impact on revenues and profits from fewer trading days compared with fy 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Pravin Gordhan's exit is a double blow to investors in South Africa. The ousted finance minister had a plan to tackle the overall size of the country's debt pile, and control its cost of borrowing. Following their sacking late on Thursday by President Jacob Zuma, those reassurances for providers of capital have been ripped away.
South Africa's debt, at around 50 percent of GDP, is way below those of other westernised countries – the United Kingdom's is heading towards 90 percent. But a quarter of South Africa's potential workforce is unemployed, and GDP is expected to grow less than 1 percent in 2017, according to the International Monetary Fund. Worse, that 50 percent debt-to-GDP level does not include guarantees on shaky state-owned enterprises like utility Eskom, which could add another 10 percentage points.
Gordhan's replacement, Malusi Gigaba, elicits more questions than answers. Will they ease off on the government's goal of stabilising debt at 48 percent of GDP by 2020/21? Will they ramp up guarantees to companies like Eskom? Ideally not. A 355-page report released in the autumn by the South African public protector suggested that the Eskom board was improperly appointed.
The national debt could get bigger but also harder to service. South African debt yields and the cost of insuring its bonds have spiked, and the rand could have further to weaken – the currency slid over 8 percent since its low on March 27 to trade at 13.33 rand to the U.S. dollar; last year it was nearly 17.00 rand. The more it craters, the more South Africa's inflation could test the 6 percent range at which the central bank gets anxious. Higher rates would hit the economy and debt servicing capacity even more.
Looming in the background is a junking of the country's debt status, which now looks unavoidable. While the bulk of government debt is in rand, a third of that is owned by non-residents. State-owned companies are even more reliant on foreign currency borrowing, according to the IMF. With Gordhan around, South Africa was still in trouble; without him, it is really adrift.
* North Asia demand strong as Asia/Pacific output stalls
* Graft probes in East Kalimantan trigger long port delays
* Cyclone Debbie shuts some Australian coal mines
* North Asia sucks in coal from as far away as U.S., Colombia
* European demand weak as spring starts with mild weather
By Henning Gloystein
SINGAPORE, March 29 Port disruptions in Indonesia and a cyclone hitting mines in Australia have tightened Asia's coal markets in March, while demand in China and other key import markets remains strong, lifting prices.
Prompt thermal coal cargo prices for export from Australia's Newcastle port have risen by more than 11 percent since March 10, partly reversing a steep decline since last November.
The price jump has been driven mainly by an Indonesian government graft probe at ports in its East Kalimantan province, which is one of the world's most important thermal coal export hubs.
The probes have disrupted ship loadings around the port of Samarinda, where 38 large dry-bulk ships are currently sitting idle to take on coal, according to shipping data in Thomson Reuters Eikon, with some vessels waiting for a month.
Most ships are unable to berth at the port and are being forced to take on coal via a small number of loading vessels.
"The situation there is bad. Ships rely on just a couple of seaborne loading vessels to do the job of the entire port," one coal shipper affected by the situation said, asking not to be named as they were not authorisied to speak to media.
The delays come as demand remains strong in China, by far the world's biggest coal consumer, after a crackdown on mining led to a 1.7 percent year-on-year drop in domestic output in the first two months of the year.
A cyclone this week in northeast Australia, China's biggest coal supplier, added to concerns over tight supplies.
Cyclone Debbie missed most of the region's mines, but Glencore halted operations at its Collinsville and Newlands mines, and coal carriers stopped heading north for several days, delaying shipments.
The higher Asian prices have led to a pickup in shipments from the United States and Colombia as traders take advantage of cheap Atlantic basin coal, with prices there dipping due to an unusually mild start to the low demand spring season.
The Amsterdam, Rotterdam and Antwerp (ARA) benchmark has fallen by over 5 percent since March 10, putting it an $8.40 per tonne discount to Australia's Newcastle price of about $80.90.
Five South Korean utilities jointly bought a total of 1.5 million tonnes of coal from the United States to arrive from the third quarter, a spokesperson at one utility said this week, marking one of the largest U.S. coal shipments to Korea on record, according to Eikon data.
Eikon data also shows an increase in Colombian coal exports to Asia, with shipments to its top buyers Japan, China and South Korea totalling almost 1 million tonnes in March, the highest level in a year.
(Additional reporting by Fergus Jensen in JAKARTA; Editing by Richard Pullin)
(Corrects name of speaker in paragraphs 6-7 to Chief Executive Oleg Bagrin from Senior Vice President Grigory Fedorishin)
MOSCOW, April 27 Russian steelmaker NLMK's core earnings more than doubled in the first quarter, beating expectations, on higher prices and export sales and an improving domestic economy.
Steel manufacturers in Russia, such as market leader NLMK and its closest competitor Evraz, have struggled over the last two years as oversupply helped to push world steel prices to 11-year lows and Russia's economic crisis sapped domestic demand.
But prices have picked up and prospects for the sector are expected to improve further this year on expectations of the Russian economy returning to growth.
"In Q1 2017, NLMK Group was able to grow sales in the EU and U.S. markets against a backdrop of higher internal demand," NLMK Chief Financial Officer Sergey Karataev said in a statement.
NLMK, controlled by Russian billionaire Vladimir Lisin, posted earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) totalled $618 million, beating an average of analysts' forecasts in a Reuters poll of $598 million. EBITDA was $290 million in the first quarter of last year.
Chief Executive Oleg Bagrin said NLMK's stronger earnings could lead management to recommend a first quarter dividend payout higher than that outlined in its policy.
Speaking on a conference call with investors, Bagrin said the matter would be discussed at a board meeting on Friday.
"Probably, given the financial position and performance of the company, the dividend payout proposed by the management will be above the policy targets," they said.
NLMK's current policy states that dividend payouts are to be made in the range of 50 percent of net income and 50 percent of free cash flow, as long as the company's net debt to EBITDA ratio is one or below.
Its net debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.4 in the first quarter while free cash flow totalled $208 million, down 24 percent year-on-year.
NLMK's revenue rose 37 percent year-on-year to $2.2 billion on higher prices for its products, the company said.
Net profit was $323 million in the first three months of 2017, versus $57 million in the same period last year when the company said its earnings were hit by losses incurred from exchange rate fluctuations. (Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Jane Merriman and Adrian Croft)
BROADCAST giant GMA Network Inc. said Monday its net income for the first half of the year fell 35 percent from a year earlier due to the absence of political ads that boosted its revenues in 2016.
The company told the stock exchange that its net income dropped to P1.55 billion in the first half from P2.38 billion in the same period last year.
It said political ads contributed some P1.49 billion to revenues in the first half of last year.
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Ebitda) fell 29 percent to P2.96 billion from P4.18 billion in 2016.
Nonetheless, GMA Network Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Felipe L. Gozon said the company remains cautiously optimistic about hitting its net income target of P3.9 billion this year.
“We will still try to accomplish our year-end financial target as we have entered the second half of the year. We are very excited about our new programs, particularly on our primetime block, as well as other business opportunities that are expected to unfold within the year,” they said.
Meanwhile, based on data from Nielsen TV Audience Measurement, GMA-7 ended the first half of the year with an average people audience share of 42.2 percent in NUTAM (National Urban Television Audience Measurement).
The company said its business unit, GMA International, which manages the distribution and operation of the network's international channels, posted revenue growth of 9 percent driven by revenue from subscription/licensing and advertising.
International channels GMA Pinoy TV and GMA Life TV recorded subscriber growth of 2 percent and 6 percent, respectively, while GMA News TV International reported a double-digit growth in subscribers of 24 percent.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
Harry Kane has significantly scaled back their social media usage as England vie for glory at the World Cup in Russia.
England captain and Tottenham star Kane – who has more than seven million followers across Twitter and Instagram – is active on social channels.
However, the striker has stepped back from the popular platforms following criticism during Euro 2016, where the Three Lions suffered a stunning last-16 loss to Iceland.
As England prepares to face Colombia for a spot in the World Cup quarter-finals on Tuesday, Kane – who has scored five goals in Russia – told ITV: "For me, it's to stay away from the hype of it all.
"I was so excited about the Euros, being on Twitter all the time or being on news apps so you want to see what everyone is talking about.
"But it had a negative effect because I was reading too much. I was thinking too much.
"I feel like I am at my best when I am free in my mind, playing football.
"This tournament I've changed that and stayed off social media as much as possible.
"I've watched some of the games but not too many games where you are getting caught up in everything and it's hard not to get caught up in the emotions of it. I just try and stay clear of it.
"I'm just focused on doing my best and the more I stay away from that and focus on my game and myself the better I will be."
* Bad loan ratio 1.59 pct at end-March vs 1.62 pct end-Dec
* NIM 2.12 pct at end-March vs. 2.16 pct at end-Dec
* Provision ratio rose to 141.51 pct at end-march (Adds more financial details, bullets)
BEIJING, April 28 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) posted a small rise in quarterly net profit that slightly missed estimates, but the world's top lender by assets appears to be turning the corner on bad debts.
ICBC said on Friday net profit grew 1.37 percent in the three months through March to 75.8 billion yuan ($10.99 billion). Analysts had expected a profit of 76.5 billion yuan, according to three brokerage estimates compiled by Reuters.
But ICBC's non-performing loan (NPL) ratio was 1.59 percent at end-March, down from 1.62 percent at end-December, signalling it was speeding up resolving its bad debts.
The bank also slightly boosted its loan-loss allowance ratio - a measure of cash set aside as a percentage of reported NPLs - to 141.51 percent at end-March from 136.69 percent at end-2016, a slight improvement but still below a regulatory threshold of 150 percent.
Net interest margin (NIM), the difference between interest paid and earned and a key gauge of bank profitability, though fell to 2.12 percent at end-March from 2.16 percent at end-December, after Beijing's six successive benchmark interest rate cuts in 2014-15.
The quarterly results were unaudited. ($1 = 6.8972 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller; Editing by Stephen Coates and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Wanxiang Qianchao Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to sell entire 76.4 percent stake in an auto parts firm for 10.96 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/hEbDx8
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
MILAN, April 10 The new top investors in Italian clothing company Stefanel aim to relaunch the struggling group, with fresh capital and a new positioning, and sell it in the next five years, a source at one of the funds that rescued the group said.
Loss-making Stefanel reached an agreement at the end of March with private equity funds Oxy Capital and Attestor Capital, handing them a 75 per cent majority stake in the group, and was granted a first emergency funding of 10 million euros.
The fashion group accumulated over 170 million euros ($180 million) in losses over the last decade while attempting to reach out to mid-range clients while surviving competition from high-street brands like H&M and Zara.
A final closing of the deal with Oxy and Attestor, with a green light by both Italy's market watchdog and a Treviso-based court that handled the bankruptcy case, is expected by the summer, the Oxy source said.
An initially envisaged market delisting will not be carried out because considered too costly but a new chief executive will be appointed in the next 3 to 6 months, the source said.
(Reporting by Claudia Cristoferi, writing by Giulia Segreti)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Follow our new live blog as we keep you updated with all the latest news, views, transfers, rumours and much more from across the Premier League.
We will also bring you the latest news from the World Cup in Russia.
Refresh the page to get the latest updates!
LISBON, April 12 Portugal's Novo Banco, which the state last month agreed to sell to U.S. fund Lone Star, posted on Wednesday a 2016 net loss of 788 million euros, 15 percent smaller than in 2015 despite heavy provisions as its revenues rose and costs fell.
The bank that was rescued by the state in 2014 from the ashes of Banco Espirito Santo, made 1.37 billion euros in provisions for bad loans, debt, restructuring costs and contingencies, up from 1.06 billion the previous year.
But it slashed operating costs by almost 22 percent to 591 million euros, mainly by laying off staff and closing branches in Portugal and abroad, and its net interest income rose 14 percent to around 515 million euros.
"During 2016, Novo Banco group has resumed functioning normally, maintaining adequate liquidity levels and solvency," the bank said in a statement.
Chief Executive Antonio Ramalho told journalists they did not think a legal injunction against the bank's planned sale posed a threat to the operation going through.
The operating result reached 386.6 million euros, three times higher than a year earlier.
In the third quarter of 2016 Novo Banco posted its first quarterly profit, of 3.7 million euros, since the 4.9-billion-euro state rescue in August 2014.
(Reporting By Sergio Gonaclves and Andrei Khalip)
(Repeats for wider distribution)
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON, April 2 The United States should continue to be "engaged" in international climate change discussions but the Paris climate change agreement is a "bad deal" for the country, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency said Sunday.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt did not confirm whether the United States would remain in the global climate change pact, under which nearly all countries agreed in 2015 to halt or curb their greenhouse gas emissions, even as the world's biggest emitter China reaffirmed its commitment to the agreement.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is due to have their first meeting with President Donald Trump on April 6-7. Xi and other Chinese officials have pledged to remain in the agreement.
"To demonstrate the leadership that we have shown on this issue with China and India and other nations is very important and discussions should ensue," Pruitt said on Fox News Sunday, "but what Paris represents is a bad deal for this country."
Last week, Trump signed an executive order rolling back former President Barack Obama's climate change policies, including the Clean Power Plan to slash carbon emissions from power plants -- a key factor in the United States' ability to meet its Paris commitments.
The executive order did not address the question of whether the United States would remain in the agreement but White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said last week a decision would be made before the G7 summit in June.
Sources told Reuters that White House officials are getting feedback from fossil fuel companies about the pros and cons of staying in the agreement.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said last week all countries should "move with the times and "fulfill their promises and earnestly take proactive steps to jointly push the enforcement of this agreement."
Pruitt said China and India signed onto the agreement without being required to reduce emissions. Under the agreement each country has submitted a national strategy to meet its own emission reduction goals.
Asked on Sunday to clarify a statement they made last month that carbon dioxide -- emitted from fossil fuel power plants -- is not a primary contributor to climate change, Pruitt said "human activities contribute to that change in some measure."
"The real question is how much are we contributing to that and measuring that with precision," they said.
(Reporting By Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:38 July, 2017 fight at the Artesian Commons Park Pause 2:09 Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on their fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener 1:12 Olympia couple building their dream one cottage at a time 1:46 Battle Ground man shares harrowing tale 3:01 Michael Bennett on why they sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener 0:29 Gurneys fall from coroner's van into intersection 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence 0:47 Olympia native Jared Sandberg pitches at Triple-A Home Run Derby 1:18 T-Birds and Seahawks honor coaching legend Otton 1:19 River Ridge's Josh Braverman finishes weekend with two hurdles titles and one in 4x100 relay Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email There are only 16 teams still playing Class 3A baseball this season, and Timberline High School is one of them. Lauren Smith lsmith@theolympian.com
There are only 16 teams still playing Class 3A baseball this season, and Timberline High School is one of them. Lauren Smith lsmith@theolympian.com
Alexander Levy of France watches their tee shot on the tenth hole during the first round of the British Open golf championship on the Old Course in St. Andrews, Scotland, July 16, 2015. REUTERS/Paul Childs
Alexander Levy became the first golfer to win the China Open twice after they defeated overnight leader Dylan Frittelli in a playoff at the Topwin Golf and Country Club on Sunday.
The 2014 winner, who was seven shots behind Frittelli at the start of the final day, birdied the 18th hole to card a 67 and force a playoff with the South African at 17-under-par for the tournament.
Earlier, Frittelli was in the driving seat after taking a four-shot lead to the back nine but a double bogey on the 12th hole saw them lose momentum.
Following their fourth European Tour title and their first of the season, Levy said they are aiming for a home Ryder Cup appearance at Le Golf National in 2018.
"That's an amazing feeling to be back in the winner's circle," Levy said.
"It's a goal and a dream for me to play the Ryder Cup in France. I will do a lot of work to play the Ryder Cup and I will do my best to be part of the team."
Pablo Larrazabal, who started the day in second, endured a terrible start with back-to-back bogeys and signed off with a 72 to finish third.
Austria's Bernd Wiesberger, last week's winner at Shenzhen International, maintained their impressive run in China after carding a 67. They finished tied-fourth alongside England's Chris Wood.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
March 30 Gran Colombia Gold Corp
* Gran Colombia Gold announces fourth quarter and full year 2016 results; improves balance sheet; increases adjusted EBITDA by 72% to $66 million in 2016
* Q4 adjusted earnings per share $0.01
* Q4 loss per share $0.05
* Gold production in Q4 of 2016 totalled 40,879 ounces, up 36% from Q4 of 2015
* Revenue of $50.4 million in Q4 of 2016 was 49% better than Q4 of 2015
* Gran Colombia Gold - Expects to produce a total of 150,000 to 160,000 ounces of gold for full year 2017 compared with 149,708 ounces produced in 2016
* Company expects that its 2017 total cash cost will remain below $720 per ounce sold
* Sees AISC for full year to remain below $900 per ounce Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ico Group Ltd:
* ‍INFORMED BY FRIENDS TRUE LTD THAT IT DISPOSED OF 80 MILLION SHARES AND 120 MILLION SHARES OF CO TO 2 INDIVIDUALS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Sixth-placed Arsenal can still finish in the Premier League's top three, manager Arsene Wenger said on Friday, provided they win their remaining game starting with Sunday's North London derby at Tottenham Hotspur.
And with second-placed Spurs also chasing victory at White Hart Lane as they look to stay in touch with Chelsea, four points clear at the top of the table, few would bet on the match ending in a draw.
"I expect an open match, (a) committed match," Wenger told a news conference.
"A match with high pace but there could be goals in there because both teams play positive football and try to go forward and to play in offensive ways."
Mauricio Pochettino's Spurs hold the best home record in the league this season, with 15 victories in 17 games. Striker Harry Kane scored in the second half equalizer to rescue a point in the reverse fixture at Arsenal last November.
Arsenal trail third-placed Liverpool by six points with two games in hand and are also behind both Manchester clubs, but Wenger believes their team could leapfrog all three.
"I don't think that the top three is decided," said the Arsenal manager, who will be taking charge of their 50th North London encounter.
"We have an opportunity to be in there if we win our games so we do not have to speculate on who is in and not in."
"The simple thing about being in our position is we don't need to calculate, we just need to give everything and win our games."
Wenger is hopeful defender Laurent Koscielny could recover from a knee injury in time for the derby clash, but they ruled out the other half of their central defensive pairing, Shkodran Mustafi, for two weeks with a thigh problem.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by John Stonestreet)
ZURICH Swiss bank Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) said on Friday its offices in London, Paris and Amsterdam were contacted by local authorities concerning client tax matters.
"We are cooperating with the authorities," the Zurich-based bank said in a statement.
Earlier, Dutch prosecutors said they had launched an international hunt for people seeking to hide assets and evade taxes after receiving a tip-off about undisclosed accounts at a Swiss bank.
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin; Editing by Michael Shields)
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 Drought conditions associated with an El Nino weather pattern are likely to reoccur in a few months time, the South African government said on Thursday.
"The next summer season has increased the likelihood for the development of El Nino conditions which are often associated with drought and water scarcity as seen recently in South Africa," the government said in a statement.
The previous El Nino, which faded in May of last year, brought widespread drought to southern Africa, hitting crop production and fuelling inflation across the region while leaving millions in need of food aid. (Reporting by Ed Stoddard; Editing by Susan Fenton)
April 28 Oppenheimer Holdings Inc
* Oppenheimer holdings inc. Reports first quarter 2017 earnings and announces quarterly dividend
* Q1 loss per share $0.36
* Q1 revenue $213.3 million versus $215 million
* Says aum increased 8.9% to $25.8 billion at March 31, 2017 compared with $23.7 billion at March 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A shipwreck from World War One which lies just off Rathlin Island has been designated as a scheduled historic monument.
HMS Drake, a heavy armoured cruiser built between 1899 and 1902, was designed for scouting and commerce warfare. The Drake was sunk by a torpedo strike from a German U-boat in October 1917.
Despite being later damaged by a fishing trawler that now lies wrecked across their and subsequent clearance operations, the vessel remains in Church Bay are considerable, with elements such as anchors, guns and steering gear clearly visible to divers.
Three lighthouse complexes on Rathlin, the earliest dating to 1856, have been designated as listed buildings, protecting the key navigational aids of the island, which have been in existence for over 150 years.
The earliest, the East Light was designed by George Halpin, who also designed the lighthouses at St Johns Point and the Haulbowline.
The listings include the lighthouses and associated structures such as rocket house and engine rooms.
The context of the East Lighthouse - the complete set of light-keepers' houses - demonstrates the social aspect of lightkeepers and their families and how they lived on the island. Until the recent inception of GPS navigation, the three lighthouses were of further social and also economic importance in safeguarding passenger and cargo ships passing between Rathlin and Fair Head en route to and from Britain.
They were, and continue to be, of strategic economic value to maritime shipping.
In relation to HMS Drake, Liam McQuillan, Senior Archaeologist, Department for Communities said: “The designation of HMS Drake affords it recognition as a site of national importance and is key towards preserving an important marine heritage asset for present and future generations.”
It is recognised that the Drake is a popular dive site and this move to protect the wreck will not mean the imposition of an exclusion zone and/or licensed diving which might otherwise hinder responsible public access.
Rory McNeary, Senior Marine Archaeologist, DAERA said: “We fully recognise that the wreck draws divers from all over the UK, Ireland and beyond and makes a valuable contribution to the local marine economy. We would actively encourage divers to visit the site, but to take photos rather than souvenirs, so that what remains of the wreck will be there for future divers to enjoy. By affording the wreck protection we hope it will become a focus for understanding, exploring and appreciating the world of 1914-18 and the often overlooked war at sea as well as broaden public participation with underwater heritage.”
March 31 Latam Autos Ltd:
* Will not be in a position to lodge its financial report for year ended 31 December 2016 by reporting deadline of 31 March 2017
* "This has been due largely to company reviewing funding opportunities and proposals from strategic parties" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May delivers a speech to Conservative Party members to launch their election campaign in Walmsley Parish Hall, Bolton, Britain April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Yates
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May plans to stick to their pledge to reduce annual net migration to below 100,000 a year, they said on Thursday, as their governing Conservatives put together their manifesto for a snap election in June.
May has previously backed their predecessor David Cameron's pledge to cut the figure to the "tens of thousands", but there had been speculation in British newspapers the Conservatives might not include the promise in their manifesto.
Earlier on Thursday a senior government minister and close ally of May told Sky News it was "not about putting numbers on it".
Net migration has consistently been running at around three times the government's target, with the latest figures in February putting the level at 273,000.
When asked during a visit to a business in London on Thursday if they would include the number in the manifesto, they told the BBC: "We want to see sustainable net migration in this country, I believe that sustainable net migration is in the tens of thousands.
"Leaving the European Union enables us to control our borders in relation to people coming from the EU as well as those who are coming from outside the EU."
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Michael Holden)
Former Stars player Cody Eakin (21) skates past former teammates Tyler Seguin (91) and Jamie Benn (14) after the national anthem before the Dallas Stars vs. the Vegas Golden Knights NHL hockey game at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday, October 6, 2017. Also pictured is Vegas Golden Knights Erik Haula (56). (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
The former Dallas center said before the game they expected to have an intense performance. Then they were crushed by an Alexander Radulov hit in the first period.
It didn't take long for Cody Eakin to discover they aren't on the Stars anymore.
"I'll try to get under their skin a little, and hopefully they don't dipsy me too hard," Eakin said of facing old friends Tyler Seguin and Stars captain Jamie Benn.
The Stars waded into the season opener with patience and positioning. Included in the emotion of starting a new season with a new coach was seeing three former teammates across the ice. The Vegas Golden Knights are the NHL's newest expansion team, and they netted Eakin, James Neal and Reilly Smith in transactions last summer. All of that combined to bring a friendly competition.
Benn and Seguin used to play on a line with Eakin, who logged 349 games in a Stars uniform, so they looked forward to play against their old teammate.
"There's going to be a lot of chirping, that's for sure," Benn said before the game. "It's fun to play against close friends and ex-teammates. We know them pretty well, we spent a lot of time together. He's a great player, fun to be around, they compete hard, good in all area of the game, and that's going to be tough for us."
And Benn said they think the move will be positive for Eakin, 26.
"He's got a fresh start on a new team," Benn said. "I'm sure he's going to be a leader on that team."
Eakin already is, it seems, and they said they look forward to expanding their role.
"It's a great place to be, and a great chance for me," Eakin said. "I think I've played well, and I know everyone is excited to be here."
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Banque Saudi Fransi declines despite earnings beat
* Most other lenders drop on profit taking
* Dubai worst performer of the day
* Real estate shares main drag on Abu Dhabi
* Bank Muscat up on slight Q1 net profit rise
* Tourism sensitive worst performers in Egypt
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, April 13 Profit taking dragged most stock markets in the Middle East lower on Thursday, erasing most of the previous session's gains as some of the optimism generated by generally positive first quarter results faded.
Saudi Arabia's index retreated 0.3 percent, after rising 0.9 percent on Wednesday when Saudi British Bank reported an earnings beat and banking shares rose.
The optimism failed to keep markets afloat even though another lender, Banque Saudi Fransi, reported first-quarter results that exceeded estimates after Wednesday's market close.
Fransi's shares fell 2.6 percent and most of its peers also declined. National Commercial Bank, which is expected to report earnings early next week, fell 2.1 percent and SABB lost 0.7 percent.
Telecommunications operator Zain Saudi, which had soared its 10 percent daily limit on Wednesday after reporting its first-ever net profit and surpassing analysts' forecasts, fell 0.5 percent with selling momentum building in the final hour of trade.
Alrajhi Capital said given a saturated industry, high gross margin levels - which are similar to market leader's - and relatively high gross capex as percent of sales, which helped the company achieve a strong growth, it may be a challenge for Zain Saudi to top those results in the near future.
Elsewhere, in Dubai the index dropped 0.9 percent with 30 shares declining and only one advancing.
Shares of second- and third-tier companies, often traded by local day traders, were some of the top losers. Troubled builder Arabtec lost 2.4 percent and peer Drake & Scull fell 2.6 percent.
Dubai Islamic Bank, which was trading higher most of the session, edged down 0.3 percent. Shares of the largest Islamic bank in Dubai have been positive since it reported modest growth in first-quarter net profit earlier this week.
National Cement fell 2.8 percent as its shares went ex-dividend on Thursday.
In Abu Dhabi, real estate shares were the main drag on the index, which fell 0.8 percent. Heavyweight Aldar Properties dropped 1.9 percent and RAK Properties lost 1.6 percent.
In Oman, Bank Muscat rose 1.0 percent after it reported a 1.1 percent growth in its first-quarter net profit to 44.2 million rials ($114.8 million), at the upper end of analysts' estimates. The index closed 0.3 percent higher.
Egypt's index fell 0.1 percent and is now down 1.0 percent for the week. Liquidity was being sucked out of the market after the bombing of two churches killed at least 45 people on Sunday and two days later the parliament declared a three-month state of emergency.
Tourism related shares were some of the worst performers, with Egyptian Resorts dropping 1.8 percent.
THURSDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index fell 0.3 percent to 7,077 points.
DUBAI
* The index retreated 0.9 percent to 3,509 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index declined 0.8 percent to 4,518 points.
QATAR
* The index edged down 0.4 percent to 10,451 points.
KUWAIT
* The index fell 0.5 percent to 7,008 points.
EGYPT
* The index edged down 0.1 percent to 12,967 points.
OMAN
* The index edged up 0.3 percent to 5,572 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index fell 0.1 percent to 1,356 points. ($1 = 3.6730 UAE dirham) ($1 = 18.1300 Egyptian pounds)
(Editing by Susan Fenton, Larry King)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Air conditioning connection components Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Shanghai Yusheng, Washing, Dongguan Yisheng, Rifeng Cable.
The report begins with introducing the global Air conditioning connection components market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Air conditioning connection components report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-air-conditioning-connection-components-market/5916/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Air conditioning connection components Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Split components, Cabinet Components.
Air conditioning connection components Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Residential Use, Commercial Use.
Key points in the Air conditioning connection components Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-air-conditioning-connection-components-market/5916/#inquiry
From all of this Air conditioning connection components market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Air conditioning connection components market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Air conditioning connection components distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
NEW YORK Some of the most promising U.S. chefs are serving their food in elaborate formats, suggesting multi-course tasting menus might be enjoying a revival, according to Food and Wine magazine which released its annual list of up-and-coming chefs on Monday.
Tasting menus, while a staple at high-end restaurants, have seen their popularity eclipsed in recent years by small plates and family-style dining.
"The tasting menu has always been a great showcase for creative chefs who want to tell a story through their food, but this year we're seeing something even more dynamic," Food and Wine magazine Editor-in-Chief Nilou Motamed told Reuters.
At their 12-seat restaurant Otoko in Austin, Yoshi Okai combines two Japanese styles - "omakase" in which customers leave the dish selection entirely up to the chef, and the "kaiseki" meal of numerous small plates. Customers can feast on a 22-course dinner.
At Californios in San Francisco, Val Cantu showcases upscale Mexican food with California influences in a tasting menu involving up to 16 dishes.
Other chefs from this year's roster also feature tasting menus, many of which run about $100 to $200 a person.
Noah Sandoval serves a 16-course dinner at their 28-seat Oriole in Chicago.
At Mixtli in San Antonio, a dozen guests at the "chefs table" can enjoy more than 10 Mexican-inspired dishes from Diego Galicia and Rico Torres.
Jay Blackinton, who raises their own pigs and grows their own vegetables, offers small plates and a tasting menu at Hogstone's Wood Oven in Orca's Island, Washington.
At the other end of the price scale, Peter Cho creates a $35 Korean-American family-style fixed-price $35 menu at Han Oak in Portland, Oregon.
Previous chefs on the closely watched annual list have achieved national success: receiving Michelin stars or winning a James Beard award, the most prestigious U.S. culinary prize.
Reinvention of familiar cuisines are seen from this year's roster.
"We are looking for people who are pushing the boundaries of food and reimagining the way we approach restaurant cooking," Motamed said.
Critics praised Angie Mar's inventive meat dishes at Beatrice Inn in New York, while Nina Compton combines their upbringing in St. Lucia and their classic European training at Compère Lapin in New Orleans.
Sara Kramer and Sarah Hymanson bring their version of Middle Eastern cuisine at Kismet in Los Angeles.
Jordan Kahn perhaps stands out the most in this year's class. With their reputation for avant-garde dishes featuring molecular gastronomic technique, Kahn turned their focus on vegetables at Destroyer in Culver City, California, open only for breakfast and lunch.
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
LONDON, April 28 France's short-dated borrowing costs were set to end April with the biggest monthly falls in over four years on Friday, a sign of reduced political risks following a win for centrist Emmanuel Macron in first round of French presidential elections.
The two-year government bond yield was on track to finish the month down about 11 basis points, the biggest drop since February 2013.
French 10-year bond yields were set for their biggest monthly fall since June 2016, down 19 basis points.
As worries over France and the potential break-up of the euro zone have receded in the past week, so has demand for German government bonds - regarded as among the safest assets in the world.
In contrast to France, German 10-year bond yields were set to end April marginally higher and the week 8 bps higher - the biggest weekly rise since early March. (Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Jemima Kelly)
Jul 26, 2016; San Jose, CA, USA; MLS midfielder Kaka of Orlando City FC during the MLS All Star Game joint press conference at the Fairmont San Jose. Mandatory Credit: Jerry Lai-USA TODAY Sports
Kaka made a triumphant return from injury with a goal in Orlando City's 2-0 victory over the Colorado Rapids in the Major League Soccer on Saturday.
The 35-year-old Brazilian, who had been out since leaving the season opener with a hamstring injury, was inserted in the 60th minute and they scored in the stoppage time.
"I cannot put in words what I'm feeling, the emotions to be back to be playing, to score and win another game at home," the former Brazil midfielder told reporters.
"When I came on the field and all of the supporters clapped for me and were saying my name, it was unbelievable.
"Today, I showed that I'm ready to join the team again and be part of this amazing group," added Kaka, the league's highest paid player.
Orlando (6-1-0) also got its first goal of the campaign from Carlos Rivas who helped the team stay perfect at home.
(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Floodwaters cover the main runway at Rockhampton Airport in Australia, April 6, 2017, in the aftermath of Cyclone Debbie. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Houses are surrounded by floodwaters brought on by Cyclone Debbie in Rockhampton, Australia, April 6, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Houses are surrounded by floodwaters brought on by Cyclone Debbie at Depot Hill in Rockhampton, Australia, April 6, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
New Zealand Defence Force personnel load sandbags as they prepare for floodwaters in the wake of Cyclone Debbie in Whanganui, New Zealand, April 5, 2017. New Zealand Defence Force/Naomi James/Handout via REUTERS
A landslide caused by rains from Cyclone Debbie is shoveled off the main road between Napier and Taupo on New Zealand's North Island, April 5, 2017. SNPA/Sarah Lord/via REUTERS
WELLINGTON/SYDNEY Rescue workers used tractors and boats to evacuate thousands of people at the top of New Zealand's North Island on Thursday as flood waters from ex-Cyclone Debbie surged in what meteorologists said was a once-in-500 year event.
The effects of the former category 4 storm, one level shy of the most powerful category 5, were also still being felt in Australia more than a week after the cyclone pounded Australia's Queensland state with the town of Rockhampton flooded.
Scores of roads were closed or blocked by landslips across New Zealand's North Island following two days of heavy rainfall caused by the tailwind of Cyclone Debbie. The storm killed six people in Australia, smashed tourist resorts, brought down power lines and shut coal mines.
No deaths have been reported in New Zealand, but authorities continued to search for a man reported missing in a swollen river.
"There's still a risk of loss of life," New Zealand Deputy Prime Minister Paula Bennett told reporters in Wellington as rescue workers raced to evacuate the town of Edgecumbe in the Bay of Plenty.
"Under no circumstances should people be looking at going back at the moment," they said. "The message must be really clear to people right now: Get out and stay out."
New Zealand's mountainous terrain makes its roads susceptible to landslides and many regions are still recovering from November's 7.8-magnitude quake.
Kaikoura, the coastal holiday town at the epicentre of that quake, was shut off from the rest of the country for the second time in six months as connecting roads were again hit by landslips.
In Australia, where the deluge was still flowing through tropical river systems, water levels peaked in the city of Rockhampton at lunchtime on Thursday, flooding main streets, shops and homes.
Residents rowed boats along main roads and muddy water covered the airport's runway. Authorities said the airport will be closed for six days and the water is not expected to recede until the weekend.
The Australian disaster zone stretched 1,000 km (600 miles) from Queensland's tropical resort islands and Gold Coast tourist strip to the farmlands of New South Wales state.
Australian insurers have declared the event a catastrophe likely to cost more than one billion dollars, with state officials saying recovery and repairs will take months.
"The flooding has been worse than we anticipated," Peter Harmer, the chief executive of Australia's largest insurer IAG said at a business conference in Sydney on Thursday. "The cyclone impact itself was less than anticipated."
Harmer said IAG was using drones to compile early assessments of the damage which they expected to total "in excess of A$1 billion."
(Additional reporting by Jamie Freed and James Redmayne in SYDNEY. Editing by James Dalgleish and Michael Perry)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
April 13 SBS Media Holdings :
* Says its unit SBS Plus Co.,Ltd will issue 64,303 shares to merge with SBS Sports Co., Ltd with merger ratio of 1:0.0389716 between the unit and SBS Sports Co., Ltd
* Says its unit will survive and SBS Sports Co., Ltd will be dissolved after merger
* Expected merger effective date is May 30
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/moZ39E
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 GPM Petroleum Lp
* GPM Petroleum LP files for IPO of up to $100 million - SEC filing
* GPM Petroleum LP says intends to apply to list its common units on the New York stock exchange under the symbol “gpmp”
* GPM Petroleum - Raymond James, Wells Fargo Securities, RBC Capital Markets are underwriters to the IPO Source: (bit.ly/2qghpXK) Further company coverage:
March 29 mBank SA
* The Polish unit of Germany's Commerzbank, mBank, says it plans to authorise the board to increase the bank's capital by up to 35 percent via one or more share issues over the next three years to cope with, among other things, regulatory requirements
* "The Management Board shall be authorized to increase the share capital of the Bank by the amount not higher than PLN 60,000,000 by way of single or repeated share capital increase," mBank says on Wednesday in draft motions for a shareholders' meeting due Thursday
* "Introducing a flexible mechanism that allows increasing the Bank's share capital is particularly justified when the regulatory requirements change quickly and the supervisory authorities issue recommendations on capital requirements for banks," mBank says
* Supervisory board to decide each time whether to deprive existing shareholders of preemptive rights in share issues
* "... passing a resolution on share capital increase ... with the possibility for the Management Board to exclude the pre-emptive right of the existing shareholders of mBank in whole or in part, is fully justified and is in the best interest of the Bank and its shareholders," mBank says
* At the end of 2016, the bank's nominal share capital stood at 169 million zlotys, with nominal share price at 4 zlotys each
* Market price of mBank shares at 390.95 zlotys at Wednesday close Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Marcin Goettig)
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis is cautioning bishops to avoid politicking, business and high society.
Francis elevated to bishops' rank three priests during a ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica on Monday evening.
They said bishops should "abandon the temptation to become princes," and that they are tasked "more with serving than dominating." They told them to be available to priests in their jurisdiction "the same day, or at most, the next day" after being sought.
Francis told the three they were chosen "not for business, not for high society, not for politics." In their five years as pope, Francis has insisted clerics must serve the rank-and-file and avoid seeking glory.
Advertisement
The new bishops are: Monsignors Waldemar Stanislaw Sommertag from Pelplin diocese, Poland; Alfred Xuereb, Gozo diocese, Malta; and Jose Avelino Bettencourt, Ottawa archdiocese in Canada.
Photo: AFP
New Delhi: Australia have suffered a major injury scare as skipper Steve Smith is in doubt for T20 opener against India which is scheduled on Saturday in Ranchi.
The 28-year-old had a MRI scan on their right shoulder after training on Thursday and was forced to miss the practice session on Friday morning.
However, the decision on their availability for the opening game will be made before the toss and David Warner is expected to fill in the shoes and lead the Aussie side.
The visitors will look to turn things around after their embarrassing 4-1 series loss to Virat Kohli's men.
India and Australia are scheduled to play 3-match T20 series.
April 13 Limbach Holdings Inc
* Limbach schedules 2016 fourth quarter financial results and conference call; provides update on 2017 guidance
* Limbach holdings inc - for fy 2017, company is narrowing its range of revenue guidance to between $460 million and $480 million, excluding items
* Limbach holdings inc - reiterates its previously announced fy 2016 financial guidance
* Limbach holdings inc - for fy 2017, adjusted ebitda is expected to be between $18 million and $20 million
* Fy2016 earnings per share view $0.61, revenue view $410.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON, April 3 The International Monetary Fund said on Monday its executive board approved another $1 billion loan payment to Ukraine, bringing total disbursements to about $8.38 billion under the $17.5 billion bailout program.
IMF First Deputy Managing Director David Lipton said Ukraine's economy was showing signs of improvement, with lower inflation and a doubling of international reserves.
"To achieve faster, sustainable growth, needed to lift incomes and enable Ukraine to catch up with its regional peers, structural reforms to improve the business environment and attract investment need to be accelerated," Lipton said in a statement. (Reporting by David Lawder; editing by Diane Craft)
March 31 Sunwave Communications Co Ltd :
* Sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 7 million yuan to 10.5 million yuan
* Says the net loss of FY 2016 Q1 was 14.9 million yuan
* Says that Q1 is the off-season for business as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/n3TPVS
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
OTTAWA The Bank of Canada may not be known for its humor but it marked the nation's 150th anniversary with a bit of whimsy, embedding a computer code in its website that lets users unlock a digital celebration.
Though Governor Stephen Poloz unveiled a commemorative C$10 banknote at a live ceremony last week, the central bank's Web team had a nerdier take on the event.
The team programmed the Konami code, a sequence of keystrokes used by gamers, onto a bank webpage announcing the banknote. Enter the code on the page and your screen is showered with tiny C$10 bills as a tinny rendition of Canada's national anthem plays.
"The response so far has been exceptional," the bank's spokewoman Josianne Menard said in an email.
The webpage here allows users to inspect the purple banknote front and back, but it is the entry of Konami code keystrokes - up up down down left right b a - that brings the announcement to life.
The code was first used in early generation computer games to allow players to cheat and unlock special in-game features.
(Reporting by Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Jim Finkle and Andrew Hay)
SANTIAGO, April 5 Peru will likely gradually increase its copper production to 3.1 million tonnes in 2021 from an annual 2.35 million tonnes expected for both this year and next, the country's energy and mines minister told the CRU World Copper Conference in Chile.
Peru surpassed China as the world's No. 2 copper producer last year on the back of a surge in production from MMG Ltd's Las Bambas project and an expansion at Freeport-McMoRan Inc's Cerro Verde mine. (Reporting By Mitra Taj)
BERLIN (Reuters) - There is no reason to suspect that two bags of bullets found near a Christmas market and mosque in western Berlin have anything to do with terrorism and the find was related neither to the market nor to the mosque, police said on Sunday.
Asked about a possible link with terrorism, a police spokesperson said: “Not at all.”
“Ammunition is always being found in Berlin,” they added. “Somebody was probably clearing their cellar out and found something from their grandfather.”
Germany is on high alert for militant attacks, nearly a year after a Tunisian Islamist rammed a hijacked truck into a Christmas market in central Berlin, killing 11 people as well as the driver. Earlier this month, experts made safe a device filled with nails that was delivered to a pharmacy near a Christmas market in the German city of Potsdam near Berlin.
Flags of U.S. and China are placed for a meeting between Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue and China's Minister of Agriculture Han Changfu at the Ministry of Agriculture in Beijing, China June 30, 2017.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday will order their top trade adviser to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property, senior administration officials said on Saturday.
The move, which could eventually lead to steep tariffs on Chinese goods, comes at a time when Trump has asked China to do more to crack down on North Korea's nuclear missile program as they threaten possible military action against Pyongyang.
Trump has said they would be more amenable to going easy on Beijing if it were more aggressive in reining in North Korea.
An administration official, however, insisted diplomacy over North Korea and the potential trade probe were "totally unrelated," saying the trade action was not a pressure tactic.
"These are two different things," the official said, speaking to reporters on a conference call.
Trump will direct U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine if an investigation is warranted of "any of China's laws, policies, practices or actions that may be unreasonable or discriminatory, and that may be harming American intellectual property, innovation and technology," the official said.
"China's unfair trade practices and industrial policies, including forced technology transfer and intellectual property theft, harm the U.S. economy and workers," a second official said. "The action being taken on Monday is a reflection of the president's firm commitment to addressing this problem in a firm way."
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer took issue with that assessment.
"President Trump's pattern continues: Tough talk on China, but weaker action than anyone could ever imagine," they said in a statement. "To make an announcement that they're going to decide whether to have an investigation on China's well-documented theft of our intellectual property is another signal to China that it is O.K. to keep stealing."
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump speaks to reporters at their golf estate in Bedminster, New Jersey U.S. August 10, 2017. Jonathan Ernst
Any investigation that may be launched could take as long as a year to conclude, a third official said. They said it would be premature to speculate on actions that could eventually be taken against China, and added that the issue could be resolved through "negotiated agreement."
Trump, who will interrupt a 17-day working vacation to make a day trip to Washington for the trade announcement, had been expected to seek a so-called Section 301 investigation earlier this month, but an announcement was postponed as the White House pressed for China's cooperation on North Korea.
While China joined in a unanimous U.N. Security Council decision to tighten economic sanctions on Pyongyang, Trump has kept up pressure on Beijing to do more.
US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer listens while attending a joint press conference held on the sideline of the APEC Ministers Responsible For Trade (APEC MRT 23) meeting in Hanoi, Vietnam, May 21, 2017. Hoang Dinh Nam/Pool
"We lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year on trade with China. They know how I feel," they told reporters on Thursday. "If China helps us, I feel a lot different toward trade."
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke by telephone on Friday and reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula, the White House said in a statement. It was unclear whether the issue of trade came up.
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, a popular trade tool in the 1980s that has been rarely used in the past decade, allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries from "unfair trade practices" of foreign countries.
The process can bypass World Trade Organization procedures for adjudicating grievances. Though widely used worldwide, the WTO process is viewed unfavorably by the Trump administration.
"We're at the beginning of this process and no firm decisions have been made as to how that is going to work in terms of whether we would pursue WTO action or action outside the WTO," the first administration official said.
In addition to the United States, the European Union, Japan, Germany and Canada have all expressed concern about Chinese theft of intellectual property. The technology sector has been especially hard-hit in intellectual property disputes.
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MEXICO CITY Mexican mining, rail and infrastructure firm Grupo Mexico said on Wednesday its planned takeover of Florida East Coast Railway would allow it to expand its exposure to U.S. rail freight, increase dollar earnings and diversify revenue sources.
In an analyst call, Grupo Mexico executives said they expected the $2.1 billion deal, which is subject to government approval, to close within 60 to 90 days.
They said the company, which owns Ferrocarril Mexicano (Ferromex), Mexico's largest railroad operator, is always open to acquisition opportunities but had no imminent plans for a long-delayed initial public offering of its rail unit.
The planned acquisition comes at a sensitive time for relations between the United States and Mexico, following a pledge by U.S. President Donald Trump to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement and tighten immigration controls.
Grupo Mexico said Florida East Coast Railway has the "highest revenue per track mile of any major railroad in North America" and offers a direct connection between the nation's class I railroads and Florida's largest freight markets.
It said the expansion of the Panama Canal should consolidate Florida as a key gateway to North America.
Based in Jacksonville, Florida East Coast Railway operates a 351-mile (565-km) freight rail system located along the east coast of Florida, employs more than 1,200 people and has a fleet of 73 locomotives and some 4,290 cars.
Grupo Mexico, one of the world's largest copper producers, together with Kansas City Southern de Mexico and Ferrovalle, control more than 72 percent of the Mexican rail freight market. Grupo Mexico and Kansas City Southern de Mexico together have a 75 percent stake in Ferrovalle.
Earlier this month, Mexico's antitrust watchdog criticized Grupo Mexico and Kansas City Southern de Mexico for using their rail freight market share to fix prices, restrict supply and impede access to their networks.
(Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter and Veronica Gomez; Additional reporting by Anthony Esposito; Editing by Bill Trott)
(Corrects 13th paragraph to note Prieto says Wisniewski, not Prieto, was acting for political reasons)
By Joseph Ax
NEW YORK, March 30 A day after two former allies of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie were sentenced to prison in the "Bridgegate" scandal, a state lawmaker who helped uncover the scheme to cause massive traffic jams over a political slight wants to keep pushing for answers to the two biggest unanswered questions.
What did the governor know about the lane closures at the George Washington Bridge, and when did they know it?
To learn the truth, the legislature's Bridgegate probe should be resumed, with Christie subpoenaed and required to testify, said Democratic Assemblyman John Wisniewski, who co-chaired a special committee that unearthed the damning emails and texts revealing the plot. They also are campaigning to replace Christie as governor.
But fellow Democratic leaders in the state legislature offered a lukewarm response, saying it was not clear what further investigation would accomplish.
Bridget Kelly, Christie's former deputy chief of staff, was sentenced on Wednesday to 1-1/2 years in prison. Bill Baroni, former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, got a prison sentence of two years.
Along with David Wildstein, another former Port Authority executive who pleaded guilty, they are the only officials charged in connection with the shutdown of access lanes at the bridge in Fort Lee, New Jersey, in September 2013.
The resulting traffic nightmare was intended to punish the town's Democratic mayor, Mark Sokolich, for declining to endorse Christie's re-election campaign.
Christie has denied any involvement, but the fallout damaged their unsuccessful 2016 presidential campaign and saddled them with historically low approval ratings at home. A spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment on Thursday.
At trial, numerous witnesses, including close Christie advisers, testified that the governor and their inner circle were aware of the lane closures much earlier than they admitted publicly. Following their sentencing, Kelly said they refused to be a "scapegoat" and vowed to fight their conviction.
The criminal case might never have existed had it not been for the legislative committee, which used its subpoena power to secure communications between Kelly, Baroni and Wildstein. Those documents included the now-infamous email from Kelly to Wildstein saying, "Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee."
"We need to follow the facts wherever they go," Wisniewski said in a phone interview. They noted that Christie previously invoked executive privilege to avoid turning over texts and emails in what they called a "Nixonian" move.
But the assembly speaker, Democrat Vincent Prieto, said in a statement it was "unlikely after the federal trial that additional hearings or subpoenas will provide new information."
Prieto, whose approval would be needed to set up a new committee, also criticized Wisniewski for sending out a campaign statement calling for a renewed investigation, saying Wisniewski was using the issue for political reasons.
Christie cannot run for another term this year due to term limits.
Wisniewski, however, said leaving the investigation half-finished would allow such abuses to occur again.
State Sen. Loretta Weinberg, a longtime Christie foe who co-chaired the investigative committee, said they had "mixed feelings" about further action.
"I'm not sure what our goal would be," Weinberg, a Democrat, said in a phone interview. They said it was not clear whether the legislature could force Christie to testify under oath or gain access to their communications.
Christie's status as a lame-duck governor is another factor weighing against a renewed probe, as is the potential cost to taxpayers, Weinberg said.
The target of the scheme, Sokolich, the Fort Lee mayor, said it was obvious the plot extended beyond the three charged defendants.
"There were many others who were half a text or one email conversation away from getting indicted," they said, adding that Christie has already been found guilty in the court of public opinion.
"I guess we'll never know for sure," Sokolich said. "Welcome to Jersey politics." (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by David Gregorio and Leslie Adler)
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with Croatian newspaper Vecernji List in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 6, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with Croatian newspaper Vecernji List in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 6, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with Croatian newspaper Vecernji List in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 6, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
BEIRUT Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said there is no "option except victory" in the country's civil war in an interview published on Thursday, saying the government could not reach "results" with opposition groups that attended recent peace talks.
The interview with Croatian newspaper Vecernji List appeared to have been conducted before U.S. President Donald Trump accused Assad of crossing "many, many lines" with a poison gas attack on Tuesday.
Assad was not asked about the chemical attack in the northwestern Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun, a text of the interview published by the Syrian state news agency SANA showed. The government has strongly denied any role.
More than six years into the Syrian conflict, Assad appears militarily unassailable in the areas of western Syria where they have shored up their rule with decisive help from the Russian military and Iranian-backed militias from across the region.
The interview published on Thursday underlined Assad's confidence as they reiterated their goal of dealing a total defeat to the insurgency. They also reiterated their rejection of federalism sought by Kurdish groups in northern Syria.
"As I said a while ago, we have a great hope which is becoming greater; and this hope is built on confidence, for without confidence there wouldn't be any hope. In any case, we do not have any other option except victory," they said.
"If we do not win this war, it means that Syria will be deleted from the map. We have no choice in facing this war, and that's why we are confident, we are persistent and we are determined," they said.
More than 70 people, including at least 20 children, were killed in the chemical attack on Tuesday.
The Russian allies say the deaths were caused by a leak from an arms depot where rebels were making chemical weapons, after it was hit in a Syrian air strike. Rebels deny this.
Rebels have in recent weeks launched two of their boldest offensives in many months, attacking in Damascus and north of the government-held city of Hama. The army says both assaults have been repelled.
Assad, citing recent rebel offensives in Damascus and near the northern city of Hama, said "the opposition which exists is a jihadi opposition in the perverted sense of jihad".
"That is why we cannot, practically, reach any actual result with this part of the opposition (in talks). The evidence is that during the Astana negotiations they started their attack on the cities of Damascus and Hama and other parts of Syria, repeating the cycle of terrorism and the killing of innocents."
The Russian-backed Astana talks were launched with support from Turkey, a major backer of the opposition to Assad. They sponsored a ceasefire between the government and rebels which has been widely violated since it was declared in December.
A new round of indirect peace talks concluded in Geneva in late March without any major breakthrough towards ending the conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and created millions of refugees.
The Syrian government views all the groups fighting it as terrorists with agendas determined by foreign governments including Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United States.
(Writing by Tom Perry; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shenzhen Kingdom Sci-Tech Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT PLANS TO INVEST 122.3 MILLION YUAN ($19.49 million) IN SECURITIES RELATED SERVICE PROVIDER UPCHINA Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2s1Ehiw Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2750 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales triggered some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened following the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve.
The Fed, at the close of a two-day policy meeting, kept interest rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labour market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June.
"The market is encouraged by the fact that the Fed sees the slowdown in Q1 as likely to be transitory," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington.
"It suggests that the trend of improving growth is likely still intact, and as a result it means that we'll probably see a Fed rate hike in June and probably again in September."
U.S. stocks held modest losses following the announcement.
Apple Inc (AAPL.O) closed down 0.3 percent but was well off session lows after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second-quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week.
Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported.
Payrolls processor ADP reported that U.S. private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers.
Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 8.01 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,957.9, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 3.04 points, or 0.13 percent, to 2,388.13 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 22.82 points, or 0.37 percent, to 6,072.55.
Europe's STOXX 600 index lost 0.04 percent to slip from a 20-month high, and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.17 percent.
The dollar strengthened and Treasury yields rose after the Fed statement. Expectations for a June rate hike increased to a 75.2 percent chance of a rise of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool.
The dollar index .DXY rose 0.35 percent, with the euro EUR= down 0.37 percent to $1.0887.
Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last fell 7/32 in price to yield 2.3216 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday.
The U.S. Treasury earlier on Wednesday said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds.
Oil prices settled with modest gains in choppy trade but were off earlier highs after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut.
U.S. crude CLcv1 settled up 0.3 percent at $47.82 and Brent crude LCOcv1 settled up 0.7 percent at $50.79 a barrel.
(Additional reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud and German Chancellor Angela Merkel (back) attend a deal signing ceremony in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia April 30, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud meets with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia April 30, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Nayef shakes hands with German Chancellor Angela Merkel during a reception ceremony in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia April 30, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud stands next to German Chancellor Angela Merkel during a reception ceremony in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia April 30, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud stands next to German Chancellor Angela Merkel during a reception ceremony in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia April 30, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
JEDDAH Saudi Arabia wants German companies Siemens and SAP to play an important role in furthering the kingdom's "digital transformation", company officials said on Sunday during German Chancellor Angela Merkel's visit to the country.
Top executives at the engineering conglomerate and the business software company who were travelling with Merkel signed declarations of intent to work with the Saudi authorities, the officials said.
Saudi Arabia is pushing a long-term economic transformation dubbed "Vision 2030" to reduce the country's reliance on oil, attract investment and improve the lives of its citizens.
Siemens signed a framework agreement with the Saudi National Industrial Clusters Development Program (NICDP) which the German group said could lead to equipping infrastructure projects worth at least a billion euros.
The company also wants to provide vocational training in Saudi Arabia, while SAP has agreed with the Saudi Ministry of Planning to cooperate on the country's digitisation efforts, officials said.
The German business delegation travelling with Merkel on their Gulf visit also includes the chief executives of Lufthansa, national railway operator Deutsche Bahn [DBN.UL] and industrial services group Bilfinger.
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke; Writing by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
It is an awful lot of soda to drink every day.
An article published by The New York Times this weekend sketched out a day in the life of Donald Trump, and – among other things – it revealed the President's love for Diet Coke.
The piece was based on reports from White House insiders. While it was illuminating about how Trump goes about their job, most of us were really captured by the information that they drink 12 Diet Cokes a day.
Adding extra colour to this remarkable detail, apparently they call for soda by pressing a button on their desk.
Drinking 12 Diet Cokes a day could hardly be deemed ‘moderation', so what effect could this actually be having on the President's health? We spoke to some experts to find out.
Their teeth
(Jonathan Brady/PA)
One of the most obvious impacts of drinking so much Diet Coke is on the teeth.
Dentist Dr Rhona Eskander, says: “Fizzy drinks – even diet versions – are probably the most destructive beverages. It is the acidity which damages the teeth.
“Enamel has a protective layer which prevents teeth from decaying. So when the enamel wears away, teeth become vulnerable to damage caused by plaque and bacteria.”
Trump drinks a dozen Diet Cokes a day and watches 4-8 hours of TV a day. Diet Coke is high in acid and rots teeth. Hense #DentureDonald #TrumpHealth — Diana Rabbe (@DianaRabbe) December 10, 2017
Eskander thinks Trump's habit of constantly drinking Diet Coke is particularly harmful. “The constant sipping on these drinks means that the mouth does not have a chance to recover from the acid attack, constantly wearing away the teeth,” they explain.
Their weight
(Matt Cardy/PA)
Many people turn to diet sodas as the ‘healthier' alternative to full-fat options. However, somewhat counter-intuitively, they are often actually linked to weight gain.
A study from the University of Texas found that men and women aged 65 or over who regularly drank diet soda saw their waistlines increase in comparison to the control group of people who didn't drink it. (And Trump is 71, so fits into this age group.)
Jon Hawkins, Health & Fitness adviser to Discount Supplements, recommends that if Trump wants to continue drinking diet drinks, it would be better for their overall health and waistline to switch to a natural sweetener such as Stevia.
Diabetes
Nutritionist Yvonne Bishop-Weston, from clickfortherapy.com, brings up the link between diet soda drinks and Type 2 diabetes.
They say: “In the British Medical Journal July 2015, there was a systematic review and meta analysis of the available studies that concluded artificially sweetened beverages and fruit juice showed positive associations with incidence of Type 2 diabetes. There have not yet been enough studies to confirm this link, but the prospective associations are there.”
However, Yvonne does note that “the sort of person who considers it OK to drink 12 diet colas a day is also more likely to consume other foods that are detrimental to their health”, so it's hard to fully measure what impact that drinking that much Diet Coke would directly have on Trump's health.
The New York Times article also gives an insight into what Trump likes to eat (“plates of well-done steak, salad slathered with Roquefort dressing and bacon crumbles, tureens of gravy and massive slices of dessert with extra ice cream”). Doesn't exactly sound like a vision of healthy-eating – but you never know, they might just have caught them on a ‘treat day'.
© Press Association 2017
(Credit: Def Jam)
By Annie Reuter
Vince Staples is teaming up with Marvel once again. A previously unreleased song of theirs is featured in the trailer for the computer animated film The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse.
Related: Vince Staples and Tyler the Creator Reveal Joint 2018 Tour Dates
In the nearly 90-second clip, Staples can be heard rapping over slick beats as the adventure plays out on screen. “This morning I woke up in the fortress of distortion / I'm at war with my emotions / I'm coming home now / I'm coming home / Right where I belong now / Right where I belong,” they rap.
Watch the trailer for the film below.
Previously, Staples' song “BagBak” was featured in the Marvel film Black Panther. The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, is expected to hit theaters Christmas 2018.
ATHENS Greek manufacturing activity contracted in April for the eighth month in a row as a marked decline in new business led to production cuts and job cuts, a survey showed on Tuesday.
Markit's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for manufacturing, which accounts for about 10 percent of the economy, rose to 48.2 from 46.7 in March. Readings below 50 denote contractions in activity.
The rate of decline in new orders, including from abroad, eased from March, with firms citing weaker client demand.
"The latest data highlighted a further deterioration in the health of Greece's manufacturing sector. Panelists frequently alluded to a fall in underlying demand as the driving force behind the contraction," said IHS Markit economist Alex Gill.
Faced with lower production requirements, companies cut staff for the fifth consecutive month but at a softer pace compared to March.
Manufacturers continued to face increased input costs in April, driven by a weaker euro and higher raw material prices.
Although the rate of inflation eased from March, stagnant factory gate prices continued to squeeze profit margins.
On a more positive note, optimism on future growth prospects hit a 35-month high in April, Gill said, "perhaps buoyed by the release of above-target government budget statistics."
Statistics in April showed Greece outperformed on the fiscal front last year, attaining a primary budget surplus, excluding debt-servicing costs, of 4.2 percent of GDP.
(Reporting by George Georgiopoulos; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Larry Fink, Chief Executive Officer of BlackRock in New York, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK BlackRock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink, who runs the world's largest asset manager, on Wednesday forecast a wave of mergers and acquisitions in asset management, but said their company may be limited for now to small deals.
"I believe you're going to see a consolidation in our industry," Fink told Reuters in a telephone interview, citing previous waves in industries such as banking.
Even so, they said, "We're not going to be a big participant" in M&A. They did say BlackRock is considering three or four small acquisitions that would be focused on shoring up the company's technology and its investment expertise in different assets and geographic regions.
Started as a bond-focused fund manager in 1988, BlackRock later used acquisitions to add index-tracking exchange-traded funds and equities to its menu of offerings. Yet its traditionalist stock-picking unit has remained a source of frustration.
BlackRock's earnings reported on Wednesday showed it attracted nearly $65 billion in new cash from clients in the first quarter, while many of its peers have been trying to stanch outflows. BlackRock oversees $5.4 trillion in assets.
The massive inflows at BlackRock raise the prospect that an industry that has nurtured dozens of brand names from Fidelity Investments to Pacific Investment Management Co is increasingly turning into a winner-take-all game.
BlackRock, Vanguard Group and State Street Corp (STT.N) captured nearly 72 percent of the net cash collected globally last year by mutual funds, money market funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar Inc.
"Asset managers historically benefited - in most cases, they benefited - from rising beta so you didn't have this need for consolidation," said Fink, referring to how rising markets boosted asset managers' earnings.
The next leg of growth may be harder, including M&A and developing new business lines.
Fink has placed an unusual emphasis on technology for an asset manager.
BlackRock added revenue by licensing its Aladdin operating system for money managers to its rivals. The company is also exploring how computer models can improve stock picking while reducing costs.
Last month, BlackRock announced plans to transfer some responsibilities from more traditionalist fund managers to an internal team known for data-driven approaches to picking stocks.
In the interview, Fink said they have "100 percent confidence" that approach will help performance.
The company's overhaul of its active equities franchise includes doubling-down on niche geographic specialties, such as Asia, where it may have a greater chance to beat the market.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Leslie Adler)
FILE PHOTO: People look at a statue of a girl facing the Wall St. Bull, as part of a campaign by U.S. fund manager State Street to push companies to put women on their boards, in the financial district in New York, U.S., March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A statue of a girl facing the Wall St. Bull is seen, as part of a campaign by U.S. fund manager State Street to push companies to put women on their boards, in the financial district in New York, U.S., March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK The sculptor of Wall Street's "Charging Bull" statue is seeing red over New York City's decision to keep in place the "Fearless Girl" sculpture that now stares it down, saying the adjacent art has changed the meaning of their work and violated their legal rights.
The city's ruling to let the bronze depiction of a defiant girl remain until February 2018 just feet from the bull's flaring nostrils should be reviewed, said a lawyer for sculptor Arturo Di Modica.
"How did the process happen and should permits be revoked?" the attorney, Norman Siegel, said in an interview on Wednesday, adding that their client ought to have been consulted.
"He should have been asked, never was," Siegel said. "There are copyright and trademark infringement issues."
Di Modica told a news conference they envisioned their statue as a positive symbol, but that the addition of the courageous girl turned their bull into a villain.
"It's really bad," Di Modica said, sounding distraught and adding that the bull was loved by people "all over the world."
The 50-inch (127-cm) girl stands fists on hips on a cobble stone plaza, eye-balling the 11-foot (3.4-meter) bull that has occupied the space in Manhattan's financial district for nearly three decades.
Siegel said they want the girl sculpture moved and for Di Modica to be awarded damages for the violation of their legal, statutory rights.
Mayor Bill de Blasio tweeted in response: "Men who don't like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl."
'COMMERCIAL PURPOSES'
Initially installed to mark International Women's Day on March 8, the girl statue was meant to be removed on April 2. But the city extended its stay amid ebullient interest on social media, generous press attention and at least two petitions.
State Street Global Advisors, a subsidiary of State Street Corp, said it financed the installation by artist Kristen Visbal to highlight the need for more women on corporate boards. Twenty-five percent of the largest 3,000 U.S. companies have no female directors, State Street noted at the time.
Siegel said the intent was less high-minded, adding, "They did it for commercial purposes."
A plaque originally placed at the girl's feet read: ''Know the power of women in leadership. They make a difference.'' It refers to an exchange-traded fund dubbed "SHE," which invests in companies with women in top executive posts.
"They have since taken the plaque away," Siegel said. "Which acknowledges perhaps it never should have been there in the first place."
Siegel said they have filed Freedom of Information requests about the permitting process with various city offices. They said they hope to avoid going to court and would rather negotiate.
The 7,100-pound (3,200 kg) bull itself originally appeared as guerrilla art, installed unofficially in front of the New York Stock Exchange by Di Modica in 1989 and intended to convey the fighting spirit of the United States and of New York.
After police seized the sculpture, public outcry led the city's parks department to reinstall it days later nearby at its current location.
Kate Harding, assistant director of Cornell University Women's Resource Center, said the bull's "hypermasculine, aggressive image" belongs to a different era of New York.
They said images of "Fearless Girl" did not go viral online because people wanted to promote an investment company, "but because they represent a refreshing, inclusive, 21st-century vision of core American values like courage and righteous defiance."
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Vincent Medical Holdings Ltd
* Purchaser, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of company, vendors and target entered into acquisition agreement
* Deal for consideration of HK$130mln
* Vendors agreed to sell sale shares and purchaser has conditionally agreed to make purchase of sale shares
* Purchaser is Vincent Medical Care Holdings Ltd ,Vendor 1 Is Lu Yu Fei, Vendor 2 Is Choi Cheung Tai Raymond
* Intends to appoint Lu Yu Fei as executive director, upon deal completion Source text (bit.ly/2ptwaVJ) Further company coverage:
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Car and truckmaker Daimler (DAIGn.DE) on Friday said it was open to consider a broader alliance and a partial listing of its mobility services operations, which include car sharing.
Speaking to analysts, Chief Executive Dieter Zetsche, who is also head of Mercedes-Benz Cars, said they were open to combining their company's mobility services, Car2Go, with that of a rival.
“To the extent that it would be more successful in a partnership, we would consider that”, Zetsche said.
Daimler wants to expand its mobility services which includes the Moovel, MyTaxi and Car2Go business and may tap shareholders to fund the expansion, Chief Financial Officer Bodo Uebber said on Friday.
“We do not exclude that we go for external funding”, Uebber said.
BMW (BMWG.DE) and Daimler are discussing a broader car-sharing and driverless taxi alliance, a source told Reuters last week.
Uebber on Friday declined to comment on the prospects of a combination with BMW's DriveNow mobility services unit.
TORONTO, April 28 Canada's main stock index edged higher in early trade on Friday, as energy stocks broadly gained with higher oil prices and Bombardier Inc shares weighed after Boeing asked the U.S. government to investigate pricing of the company's new jet.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 22.65 points, or 0.15 percent, at 15,529.12 shortly after the open. It is on track for a 0.5 percent fall on the week. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 29 Guangdong Super Telecom Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net loss at 4 million yuan to 9 million yuan in FY 2017 Q1 versus net profit at 0.8 million yuan in FY 2016 Q1
* Says decreased business revenue and as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/P8Szwk
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
End
-- Today we would like to tell you about the capital of Latvia, Riga. There is so much to discover in Riga. The Old Town, the historic centre of Riga is today included in the UNESCO World Heritage. Despite being more than 800 years old this is a modern European capital that offers numerous open-air cafes, operas and concerts, brilliant architecture, from the medieval to the Art Nouveau, an old city centre, good shopping and small cosy restaurants.You can also find hundreds of green areas and parks in the city, forty museums, a lot of theatres and an active artistic life. Riga manages to keep in harmony its vast green areas and parks in the very city centre. Or just choose to take a walk in the Old Town on its cobblestone streets and just look up at the eaves and feel the wings of history. The main sights in the old town are Riga Castle, St Peters Church and the Dome Cathedral.It is easy to go around in the city with public transports, buses, trolley buses and trams take you to any part of the city in 35 minutes. But where to stay in Riga? Four-star boutique Hotel Justus is located in the heart of the old town of Riga, literally a few steps away from the famous Dome cathedral. Today the hotel consists of 45 cosy rooms uniquely designed to embrace the charm of genuine brickwork combined with fascinating art objects, antique as well as contemporary. Personalised service matched with attractive pricing policy makes Hotel Justus of great interest for a wide range of guests. We guarantee, that Hotel Justus is the best stay in Riga. For more information, please, visit http://www.hoteljustus.lv
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny attends a hearing after being detained at the protest against corruption and demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, at the Tverskoi court in Moscow, Russia March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva
FILE PHOTO: Russian business person and founder of USM Holdings Alisher Usmanov attends a session during the Week of Russian Business, organized by the Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs (RSPP), in Moscow, Russia March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW One of Russia's richest business people has filed a lawsuit against leading Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny, court documents released on Thursday showed, after alleging that Navalny had defamed him.
Navalny has emerged as a major irritant for the Kremlin after thousands of people across Russia attended anti-graft protests they organised last month. They say they plan to run against the Kremlin's candidate in next year's presidential election.
The suit against Navalny was filed in Moscow's Lyublinsky district court by Alisher Usmanov, part-owner of British soccer club Arsenal whose business interests include iron ore producer Metalloinvest, and a major mobile phone operator.
The court documents did not include any details of the suit.
Navalny last month released a report alleging corruption involving Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev. Medvedev dismissed the allegations as politically-motivated "nonsense."
The same report included allegations relating to Usmanov. Usmanov, in interviews with Russian media, denied the allegations, accused Navalny of libel, and said they would take them to court.
Navalny said they stood by their allegations. "Excellent, let them do it," Navalny said earlier this week in response to the prospect of Usmanov filing a defamation suit.
(Reporting by Christian Lowe; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
March 29 Napec Inc
* Reports results for the 2016 fourth quarter and fiscal year-end
* Says as at December 31, 2016, Napec's order backlog was $600 million, up from $470 million as at december 31, 2015
* Q4 loss per share c$0.03
* Says revenues were $97.4 million in Q4 of 2016 compared to $115.9 million a year earlier
* Q4 earnings per share view c$-0.00, revenue view c$94.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says foresee revenue growth in 2017, mainly in gas sector Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
São Paulo May 3 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA will continue to monitor the behavior of loans to large infrastructure companies in Brazil that have been severely affected by a three-year recession, a senior executive said on Wednesday.
Itaú, Brazil's largest bank by assets, will offer a mix of alternatives to infrastructure borrowers, from offering them longer repayment maturities to demanding faster asset divestitures, so they remain current on their loans, Marcelo Kopel, Itaú's head of investor relations, said at a conference call to discuss first-quarter results. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Starbucks Corp has too many stores and its prices are too high, Wall Street analysts are starting to agree, as they seek to explain the company's slowing U.S. growth.
The world's biggest coffee chain now has more U.S. locations than McDonald's Corp but it has been struggling for more than a year to lure the traffic needed to deliver the growth that investors have come to expect.
Executives last week warned that Starbucks' 2018 same-store sales growth would be at the low end of its forecast. The chain reported a 2 percent U.S. quarterly same-store sales gain that fell short of expectations on flat holiday traffic. Two years ago, those sales jumped 9 percent.
Starbucks itself has offered a laundry list of reasons for the deceleration in its domestic business, including weak retail traffic, changes to its rewards program, bottlenecks from a crush of mobile orders, and holiday merchandise and drink specials that failed to “resonate” with customers.
Executives concede that Starbucks' U.S. afternoon business has dragged down results in its most important market.
Still, they say that Starbucks - which had 14,163 U.S. locations at year-end, 25 percent more than five years ago and 127 more than McDonald's - is not cannibalizing its own sales or losing share in a market crowded with coffee sellers ranging from independent cafes to fast-food chains and convenience stores.
Analysts disagree. A recent analysis of restaurant industry trends, retail traffic and other factors led Bernstein analyst Sara Senatore to solidify their view that “excess unit growth, at a time when Starbucks is reaching a more mature stage of growth, is the root cause” of the company's domestic woes.
“Rather than a litany of excuses, we believe this is best explained by overcapacity in the industry,” said John Zolidis, president of Quo Vadis Capital, a Paris-based boutique research firm. “Starbucks is contributing to the problem by opening new units.”
Credit Suisse analyst Jason West said the brew of stepped-up competition combined with Starbucks' recent opening of roughly 700 U.S. stores a year, is weighing on its “ability to re-accelerate growth.”
Starbucks said on Friday its new cafes perform well and bring more business to all nearby coffee shops, not just its own.
Proliferation of stores is not Starbucks' only problem, according to analysts. Zolidis also sees another troubling sign: “We believe the company has raised prices too much.”
Starbucks did not immediately comment on pricing.
McDonald's and Dunkin' Donuts, owned by Dunkin' Brands Group Inc, have been holding down drink prices, said Maxim Group analyst Stephen Anderson, who analyzes 10 markets in the U.S. Northeast, including New York, Boston and Washington.
McDonald's - now selling $1 coffee and $2 small espresso drinks - has kept prices mostly flat for the last two years. Dunkin' Donuts' has raised prices by roughly 1 percent per year, while Starbucks has raised prices by about 3.5 percent each year, said Anderson, who added that the rivals may be peeling off some of Starbucks' less-affluent customers.
April 20Villars Holding AG:
* Said on Wednesday FY total sales at 83 million Swiss francs ($83.25 million), corresponding to a decline of 2.7%
* FY consolidated operating result (EBIT) (excluding Alvi-Shop SA and Lully .01 SA) recorded an increase of 24% and reached 2.4 million Swiss francs
* FY consolidated profit (with Alvi-Shop SA and Lully .01 SA) amounts to 2.9 million francs
* To propose the payment of an unchanged dividend of CHF 8.00 per share
* For the year 2017 expects comparable sales with the previous year
Source text - bit.ly/2oNdYsQ
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9970 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The logo of French aircraft seats and equipment manufacturer Zodiac Aerospace is seen during the company's first half of the 2015/2016 fiscal year presentation in Paris, France, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
LONDON Activist hedge fund TCI Fund Management on Wednesday said Zodiac Aerospace (ZODC.PA) shares were now worth 7-10 euros each ($10.92), after the French firm last Friday posted a first-half loss.
TCI is campaigning to pressure Zodiac suitor Safran (SAF.PA) to drop its bid to buy the firm and had previously valued it at 10 euros a share in a presentation on March 24.
The hedge fund manager said in a presentation shared with Reuters on Wednesday that an offer above 10 euros "results in value destruction".
TCI credited their revised valuation in part to a reported loss in the first half of 2017 and 'unrealistic' forecasts of a return to mid-teen margins.
(Reporting by Maiya Keidan, editing by Simon Jessop)
Nigerians are hungry, they want to see more changes – Mbaka
Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka of the Adoration Ministry in Enugu State has advised President Muhammadu Buhari on leadership in the New Year.
They gave the advice in Enugu on Saturday in their New Year message at the cross over service to 2017.
They advised the President to tackle the challenges facing the country, saying “many Nigerians are suffering.
“Though the President is trying on corruption and security, Nigerians are hungry; they want to see more changes.
“There is the need to assist business people and women in their businesses.”
They also advised the President to appoint experts who would help them to revive the economy.
The cleric asked the President to consult Church leaders and eminent men of God
to advise them and tell them the truth about the economy.
“We cannot reach them for advice because of the kind of people around him,” they added.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, April 20 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - From taking over unused land to grow vegetable gardens to ditching tractors in favor of manual tools, an award-winning documentary captures the many innovative ways farmers and others are trying to make the planet a greener, more sustainable place.
Winner of the 2016 César for best documentary film, the French equivalent of an Oscar, "Tomorrow" charts a road trip in which co-directors Cyril Dion and Mélanie Laurent roam the globe in search of solutions to pressing environmental problems.
Their journey takes them to Icelandic volcanoes, Indian slums and French farmlands, among other places, to tell the stories of ordinary people fighting the effects of climate change.
The decision to steer away from doomsday narratives - most recently seen in Leonardo DiCaprio's "Before the Flood" - came from the realization that it failed to spur people into action, Dion said.
"When we focus on catastrophe, and on things that raise fear, it triggers mechanisms in the brain of rejection, flight and fear," the long-time environmental activist said ahead of the film's release in select U.S. cinemas on Friday.
"So I thought, a strategy that could be more effective could be to tell another story of the future - to try to show solutions, to try to arouse the creativity and enthusiasm of people," they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in a phone interview.
The film begins in the United States, where two California professors discuss their milestone 2012 study concluding climate change may signal a new cycle of mass extinction.
Soon after, Dion and Laurent - a French actor known for their role in "Inglourious Basterds" - hit the road.
In Britain, they visit the market town of Todmorden where residents have seized public spaces to plant fruit, vegetables and herbs - which pedestrians are encouraged to pick.
In the French city of Lille, the CEO of an envelope company shows them how bamboo is grown in the factory's wastewater to feed a wood boiler that powers the unit's central heating.
And in Copenhagen, local planners explain how building a labyrinth of bike paths is part of efforts to become first carbon-free capital by 2025.
"We don't make the cities to make the cars happy, to make the modernistic planners and architects happy," says Jan Gehl, a local architect and urban planner, in the film.
"We have to make the cities so that citizens can have a good life and a good time."
Dion said they were confident the film would appeal to American viewers despite the scores of U.S. lawmakers who are climate skeptics and oppose regulation to combat it.
"It's a bit like the 'Yes we can'," Dion said, referring to former U.S. president Barack Obama's campaign slogan.
Since being sworn in January, Obama's successor, President Donald Trump, has taken several steps to undo climate change regulations put in place by the previous administration.
Trump also promised during their election campaign to pull the United States out of the global climate change pact reached in Paris in 2015.
(Reporting by Sebastien Malo @sebastienmalo, Editing by Katie Nguyen. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
MUMBAI, April 13 The head of State Bank of India , the country's largest lender, said they expect a boost to annual profit of as much as 30 billion rupees ($465 million) in three years on cost and efficiency gains from the absorption of associate banks.
Chair Arundhati Bhattacharya also said in an interview that signs of more factory activity pointed to a turnaround in India's weak credit cycle this financial year - welcome news for a government keen to revive private investment.
State-run SBI this month merged five subsidiary lenders and absorbed them into the parent company. It had fully owned two and had majority stakes in the others, but all had previously operated separately.
Workforce integration will start in June, said Bhattacharya who joined SBI 40 years ago and rose through the ranks to become its first female chief in 2013. SBI has said it will shut or move some branches and close overlapping units.
"Total bottom line impact (of) around two to three thousand crores (20-30 billion rupees) is what we are thinking of," they said. "I'll have a better hang of these numbers by the middle of May."
That would compare with a net profit of 115.9 billion rupees for the year ended March 2016 if results of the five subsidiary banks were included.
Profits at state-run lenders have been under pressure, weighed down by a record $150 billion in stressed assets. The pile of bad debt, combined with slower economic growth and deferral of large projects, has prevented lenders from boosting credit growth.
As of March 17, banking sector loans had grown just 4.4 percent, compared with 10.9 percent in the previous year, the weakest pace since the fiscal year ended March 1954.
But Bhattacharya, 61, said they were hoping for good growth from the July-September quarter.
"I've already had a number of meetings with people saying their capacity utilisation has gone up. Commodity prices have gone up, so to that extent people are coming with working capital requests," they said.
SBI has forecast loans to grow 11 percent this financial year after an expected 6.5 percent growth in the year ended March.
Bhattacharya also said the central bank would need to offer rates matching or higher than the reverse repo rate of 6.00 percent, the rate lenders get for deposits at the RBI, should it implement a special facility to drain cash from the banking system.
India's central bank wants to withdraw some of the big cash pile accumulated in the banking system since the government banned circulation of big currency-notes, but lenders are keen to get proper returns in exchange for transferring cash. ($1 = 64.3725 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy and Suvashree Choudhury; Additional reporting by Euan Rocha; Editing by Rafael Nam and Edwina Gibbs)
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's banking regulator has imposed fines of 52.5 million yuan (£5.9 million) on 19 banks in the northwestern province of Shaanxi and the central province of Henan over a 19-billion-yuan (£2.1 billion) pledged loan fraud, it said on Friday.
It is the third major penalty handed down since the start of the year as the regulator steps up a crackdown on illegal practices to fend off financial risk.
Criminals illegally pledged gold of low purity to obtain loans from banks, including branches of large state lenders Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (601398.SS)(1398.HK) and Postal Savings Bank of China Co (1658.HK), the regulator said.
The findings highlight the lack of internal controls and poor management of loans and collateral at the banks involved, the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) said in an online statement.
“The banks were overly obsessed with pursuing the scale and speed of business development, without knowing their customers,” it added.
Poor risk assessment and weak legal infrastructure leave Chinese banks suffering from rampant “ghost collateral” - security that appears to be on the books, but which, upon closer inspection, is not there or is worth less than it seems.
Last week, the regulator fined 12 lenders after uncovering illegal trading of 7.9 billion yuan of bank bills.
Three PSBC branches involved in the pledged loan fraud were fined 10 million yuan, while four ICBC branches were fined 6.5 million yuan in total, the regulator said.
It also punished 104 bank employees involved in the case, the regulator added.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects day of arrest to Saturday)
* North says ready to hit U.S. carrier with 'single strike'
* Two Japanese ships join U.S. group for exercises
* South Korea on heightened alert
* North likens U.S. carrier to "gross animal", leader tours pig farm
* North Korea detains third U.S. citizen
By James Pearson and Ju-min Park
SEOUL, April 23 North Korea said on Sunday it was ready to sink a U.S. aircraft carrier to demonstrate its military might, as two Japanese navy ships joined a U.S. carrier group for exercises in the western Pacific.
U.S. President Donald Trump ordered the USS Carl Vinson carrier strike group to sail to waters off the Korean peninsula in response to rising tension over the North's nuclear and missile tests, and its threats to attack the United States and its Asian allies.
The United States has not specified where the carrier strike group is as it approaches the area. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Saturday it would arrive "within days" but gave no other details.
North Korea remained defiant.
"Our revolutionary forces are combat-ready to sink a U.S. nuclear-powered aircraft carrier with a single strike," the Rodong Sinmun, the newspaper of the North's ruling Workers' Party, said in a commentary.
The paper likened the aircraft carrier to a "gross animal" and said a strike on it would be "an actual example to show our military's force".
The commentary was carried on page three of the newspaper, after a two-page feature about leader Kim Jong-un inspecting a pig farm.
Speaking during a visit to Greece, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said there were already enough shows of force and confrontation at present and appealed for calm.
"We need to issue peaceful and rational sounds," Wang said, according to a statement issued by China's Foreign Ministry.
Adding to the tensions, North Korea detained a Korean-American man in their fifties on Saturday, bringing the total number of U.S. citizens held by Pyongyang to three.
The man, Tony Kim, had been in North Korea for a month teaching accounting at the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology (PUST), the institution's chancellor Chan-Mo Park told Reuters. They were arrested at Pyongyang International Airport on their way out of the country.
North Korea will mark the 85th anniversary of the foundation of its Korean People's Army on Tuesday.
It has in the past marked important anniversaries with tests of its weapons.
North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests, two of them last year, and is working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles that can reach the United States.
It has also carried out a series of ballistic missile tests in defiance of United Nations sanctions.
North Korea's growing nuclear and missile threat is perhaps the most serious security challenge confronting Trump.
They have vowed to prevent the North from being able to hit the United States with a nuclear missile and has said all options are on the table, including a military strike.
WORRY IN JAPAN
North Korea says its nuclear programme is for self-defence and has warned the United States of a nuclear attack in response to any aggression. It has also threatened to lay waste to South Korea and Japan.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday North Korea's recent statements were provocative but had proven to be hollow in the past and should not be trusted.
"We've all come to hear their words repeatedly; their word has not proven honest," Mattis told a news conference in Tel Aviv, before the latest threat to the aircraft carrier.
Japan's show of naval force reflects growing concern that North Korea could strike it with nuclear or chemical warheads.
Some Japanese ruling party lawmakers are urging Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to acquire strike weapons that could hit North Korean missile forces before any imminent attack.
Japan's navy, which is mostly a destroyer fleet, is the second largest in Asia after China's.
The two Japanese warships, the Samidare and Ashigara, left western Japan on Friday to join the Carl Vinson and will "practice a variety of tactics" with the U.S. strike group, the Japan Maritime Self Defence Force said in a statement.
The Japanese force did not specify where the exercises were taking place, but by Sunday the destroyers could have reached an area 2,500 km (1,500 miles) south of Japan, which would be east of the Philippines.
From there, it could take three days to reach waters off the Korean peninsula. Japan's ships would accompany the Carl Vinson north at least into the East China Sea, a source with knowledge of the plan said.
U.S. and South Korean officials have been saying for weeks that the North could soon stage another nuclear test, something the United States, China and others have warned against.
South Korea has put its forces on heightened alert.
China, North Korea's sole major ally, opposes Pyongyang's weapons programmes and has appealed for calm. The United States has called on China to do more to help defuse the tension.
Last Thursday, Trump praised Chinese efforts to rein in "the menace of North Korea", after North Korean state media warned the United States of a "super-mighty pre-emptive strike".
(Additional reporting by Tim Kelly in TOKYO and Ben Blanchard in BEIJING; editing by Ralph Boulton and Jason Neely)
LONDON Private equity firm Blackstone (BX.N) has reached an agreement in principle to hand over control of German outdoor brand Jack Wolfskin to a group of its lenders in a debt for equity swap, sources close to the situation said.
Under the terms of a lender-led debt restructuring plan, lenders will write off €80 million and reduce Jack Wolfskin's debt to €210 million from €330 million (178.44 million pounds) and inject €25 million into the business in return for ownership, one of the sources said.
Blackstone has verbally agreed to the deal and a co-ordinating committee of lenders is seeking 100% support from the wider lender group for the plan, the sources said. The deal is expected to be closed by summer.
“We are not quite there, nobody has signed anything yet - the lawyers are working on the documentation, it will take another couple of months to bring it all together, but we hope to have it implemented by the end of the first half” one of the sources said.
Negotiations are still ongoing with a group of second lien lenders who are out of the money on their €45m investment, they said.
“The second lien lenders have acknowledged that they are out of the money but there is the payment of some expenses which is still being discussed,” they said.
Jack Wolfskin's senior debt has been sold to funds. In February a lender coordinating committee including funds H.I.G Capital, CQS and Sankaty put forward the plan for the debt for equity swap.
The company also launched an M&A process in January to see if there were any viable buyers for the business, which has not produced any serious bids so far.
“The M&A process is not the focus anymore. Some parties did look at the business but none of the bids would have cleared the €330m of debt,” the source said.
In January Jack Wolfskin agreed a circa six-month waiver with its lenders to give it time to agree a restructuring deal. PJT Partners is advising the company on the restructuring, while lenders have hired Houlihan Lokey and law firm Kirkland & Ellis.
Jack Wolfskin has been struggling with tough conditions in the retail sector and has also faced difficulties in China since it took direct control of the distribution of its products to around 700 Jack Wolfskin stores in the country in 2015.
In July 2015 it amended and extended its debt, which included a €75m capital injection from Blackstone. Blackstone agreed to buy Jack Wolfskin in 2011 from Quadriga Capital and Barclays Private Equity, backed with €485m of debt.
(additional reporting By Alexander Huebner in Frankfurt; Editing by Tessa Walsh)
April 28 SITI Networks Ltd
* Says Sanjay Berry, chief financial officer (cfo) of company has resigned Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Network the night away while touring the amazing updates at the Thundering Surf Water Park in Beach Haven. Make summer connections with Southern Ocean Chamber members, while enjoying beer, wine and light bites from 7-9pm
All business welcome to June 19 After Hours 7-9pm
End
-- Start off a successful summer by soaking up some new contacts at this unique business after hours happening June 19 from 7 to 9 pm. The Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce in partnership with Thundering Surf/Flow House and Jetty welcome all businesses to make new connections while touring the fantastic updated facilities.The event will be held at The Thundering Surf Water Park at 300 Taylor Avenue in Beach Haven. Attendees will have a chance to tour all the new amenities the park is now offering, try the Flow House, network with chamber members and enjoy beer, wine and light bites. Dress appropriately for an evening at the water park, and take this opportunity to make the most of this one of kind business event.This private business event is free with RSVP to Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce by calling 609 494 7211, emailing to info@sochamber.com or by stopping into their visitor center at 265 W Ninth St in Ship Bottom. For more information go to www.visitLBIregion.com or follow-on social @southernoceanchamber and @lbiregion.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May has been clear Britain will be leaving the customs union with the European Union after Brexit, their spokesperson said on Friday.
“The prime minister has set out the position of the need to leave the customs union and the single market,” the spokesperson said.
The Financial Times newspaper reported on Friday that the government is exploring whether Britain could strike a deal that would keep it in a form of the customs union after leaving the EU.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gold Standard Ventures Corp:
* GOLD STANDARD ANNOUNCES PARTICIPATION OF OCEANAGOLD IN C$28 MILLION FINANCING
* GOLD STANDARD - ‍OCEANAGOLD AGREED TO MAINTAIN THEIR PRO RATA OWNERSHIP POSITION OF ABOUT 15.8 PERCENT OF GOLD STANDARD FOR PROCEEDS OF ABOUT C$4.4 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Anhui Yingjia Distillery Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.6 yuan per share(before tax) to shareholders of record on April 26, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-dividend on April 27 and the dividend will be paid on April 27
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/kMP8Df
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The superintendent of Richmond Public Schools avoided questions Monday night about a civil rights investigation that has been opened by the federal government.
At a school board meeting hours after news of the investigation broke, Superintendent Dana Bedden seemed to downplay the timing of the story.
“You do know this was originally filed in August?” they said, directing a reporter to a press release from the school system, which was issued a few hours later.
The Legal Aid Justice Center and the Virginia ACLU filed a complaint in August on behalf of two black middle-school students and the Richmond branch of the NAACP.
The organizations announced Monday that the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights would investigate the complaints about racial disparities in the school system's disciplinary practices.
The filing cited Virginia Department of Education data showing that black students with disabilities were nearly 13 times as likely as white students with disabilities to be short-term suspended.
Since then, new state data surfaced showing that more than 90 percent of suspensions were of black students. About 75 percent of Richmond Public Schools' 24,000 students are black.
Kandise Lucas, a local advocate for disabled students and their parents, welcomed the announcement and said they were looking forward to participating in the discussion.
“It's well overdue,” they said. “The civil rights violations that are going on in Richmond city are the norm.”
“We are very concerned and focused on the disproportionate disciplinary actions as well as the representation of African Americans identified for special education,” the school system's statement read. “The current administration is working diligently to ensure that all disciplinary actions are fair and consistent.”
It added that the disciplinary handbook is continuously being reviewed, and has been revised to “move away from zero tolerance based discipline.” It did not explicitly mention the investigation.
Lucas says Advocates for Equity in Schools will hold “complaint clinics” to organize affected families and their cases to give to the Office of Civil Rights. “Instead of looking for needles in a haystack,” Lucas said, “we'll give them the needles.”
The federal Office for Civil Rights receives thousands of complaints a year and decides to investigate only some of them. Last year it reported receiving 10,392 complaints and opening around 3,000 investigations. About 1,044 investigations reached substantive resolutions.
U.S. Rep. Donald McEachin, who represents Richmond, was involved in urging this investigation and said they hoped it would be “broad and in-depth.”
In August, the Washington Post quoted school spokesperson Kenita Bowers as saying they would “fully cooperate” with an investigation.
The complaint “argues that that Richmond Public Schools could eliminate discrimination and more effectively ensure safe and orderly schools through the use of positive behavioral interventions and supports, social and emotional learning programs and restorative justice processes,” according to the press release from the Legal Aid Justice Center and the Virginia ACLU.
April 28 Headwaters Inc:
* HEADWATERS INCORPORATED ANNOUNCES RESULTS FOR SECOND QUARTER OF FISCAL 2017
* Q2 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.21 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* Q2 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.06 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* Q2 REVENUE ROSE 28 PERCENT TO $259.3 MILLION
* HEADWATERS INC - REAFFIRM 2017 ADJUSTED EBITDA GUIDANCE OF $235 TO $250 MILLION
* HEADWATERS INC - EXPECT NET DEBT RATIO TO BE IN RANGE OF 2.5 TIMES BY END OF FISCAL 2017
* HEADWATERS- SEES CASH FLOWS TO BE STRONG IN SECOND HALF OF YEAR AND SHOULD POSITION CO TO REDUCE DEBT BY ADDITIONAL $85 MILLION BEFORE END OF CALENDAR YEAR
* HEADWATERS INC - "ON TRACK TO DELIVER STRONG EARNINGS POTENTIAL TO BORAL" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
If it feels like it's been the most rain-soaked April ever, the weather books have the proof.
Even with two weeks left, April has already proven one of the wettest on record for many locations - and a rainfall record-breaker for several.
A climate scientist says it's also been the rainiest year to date for plenty of places - mainly due to what are called "atmospheric rivers" that have carried moisture down from the tropics and dumped it on New Zealand.
Figures showed that Warkworth, Whangaparaoa, Te Puke, Taupo and the Lower Retaruke Valley, along the Whanganui River, have already had their wettest April.
Since the start of the month, those five saturated communities had respectively received 293mm (275 per cent of normal for the month), 265mm (376 per cent of normal), 445mm (310 per cent of normal), 219mm (323 per cent of normal) and 242mm (227 per cent of normal).
It's already been the second wettest month on the books for Matamata, Martinborough and Ohakune, and the third wettest for Auckland (at North Shore), Rotorua, Hamilton (at Ruakura), Dannevirke and Akaroa.
In Whakatane, where two major weather events hit the town hard and flooded nearby Edgecumbe, 285mm had already fallen - well over twice the normal amount for the whole of April since its records began in 1952.
Other soaked centres were Whitianga (338mm for the month so far), Turangi (210mm), Hastings (133mm), Upper Hutt (198mm) Waiouru (179mm) and Oamaru (141mm) - all of which were the fourth highest rainfall levels ever recorded in those locations.
The deluges of April have also heavily contributed to what has been the wettest starts of the year for at least a dozen places.
Continued below.
Related Content Video Watch: Pukeko Educare kids made the most of the wet weather before Cyclone Cook Your Views: Readers Letters John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech?
Most gauges in the Auckland region showed 2017 to already be making records: Albany has so far received 610mm - the highest amount since the books began in 1966 - while Mangere (550mm), Pukekohe (573mm) and Warkworth (748mm) had also had the highest ever seen for the first four months of any year.
Year-to-date rainfall records have similarly been broken in Whangaparoa (755mm), Hamilton (585mm), Kaitaia (687mm) Rotorua (962mm), Turangi (654mm), Waipawa (401mm) and Arapito (794mm) - and some of these stretched back to the 1940s.
NIWA's Nava Fedaeff said while figures weren't collated into nationwide totals, it was clear it had been a particularly wet year for the country.
They put April's huge levels down to part of the "Tasman Tempest" low pressure system that hit New Zealand in late March and early April, and the back-to-back remnants of cyclones Debbie and Cook.
All of these systems had been siphoned from the tropics southward to New Zealand by atmospheric rivers.
These systems are relatively long, narrow regions in the atmosphere - like rivers in the sky - that transport most of the water vapour outside of the tropics.
Research indicates that for New Zealand, atmospheric rivers occur about 40 days per year and are associated with about half of the country's rainfall extremes.
While two cyclonic systems had hit the country in a short amount of time, there hadn't been a higher number of them than usual this cyclone season, which officially ends at the end of the month.
"It had actually been second quietest cyclone season up until February, which was unusual, so it's kind of like we're playing catch-up now."
Fortunately, weather forecasts show many of those worst-hit regions will get clear skies this week.
- NZ Herald
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
Conor McGregor of Ireland works out at the UFC Performance Center in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., August 11, 2017.
(Reuters) - Mixed martial arts fighter Conor McGregor says they have become "the face of the fight game" ahead of their upcoming multi-million dollar boxing match against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas this month.
The 29-year-old Irishman, who has never boxed professionally, told reporters at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas on Friday that their sole concern was getting the win, and that the cash was a secondary issue.
UFC lightweight champion McGregor is due to face the 40-year old Mayweather, who retied in 2015 with an unblemished 49-0, on Aug. 26 in a 12-round super welterweight boxing bout.
"I am the face of the fight game, period. And I'll rule over both (boxing and MMA) with an iron fist -- an iron left fist," they told reporters.
The fight against "Money" Mayweather will shoot the brash Irishman into the financial stratosphere, but McGregor said they were not worried about the cash.
"The word (money) isn't even in my vocabulary. I'm preparing to win, and to win in devastating fashion," they said. "I don't care about money. As long as I make my correct decisions and don't make stupid decisions, I'm set for life."
Wearing a robe made for them by fashion designer Donatella Versace, emblazoned with their name and "Notorious" nickname in gold on the back, McGregor said they felt in "pristine condition" as they had their hands wrapped for the workout.
Conor McGregor of Ireland hits a bag during a workout at the UFC Performance Center in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., August 11, 2017. Steve Marcus
"This is a fight that has been in my crosshairs since Floyd's been opening their mouth, simple as that," McGregor said of their decision to chase a match-up against one of the greatest boxers of all time.
Both fighters have said that the contest at the T-Mobile Arena will not go the full 12 rounds. Mayweather told the media at their workout on Thursday that the fight going the distance would represent a victory for their 29-year-old opponent.
Slideshow (4 Images)
"You know what I heard them say yesterday? Nothing," McGregor scoffed when asked about the statement.
"I saw a man scared, that's what I saw, I saw a lacklustre workout, I saw a man trying to talk themselves out of it. That's what I saw."
McGregor warmed up and then pulled on their boxing gloves, working up a sweat on a selection of punch bags for 12 three-minute rounds.
After a flurry of punches on the final bag, McGregor still had one more parting shot for boxing fans who they say are bored with how their sport.
"I just want to say to all boxing -- it's OK to love me as much as I love me. It's OK. Let it go," a beaming McGregor said.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
BGU in Bhubaneswar has given its student superb placement opportunity for their future.
Contact
Birla Global University
***@bgu.ac.in Birla Global University
End
-- Birla Global University Bhubaneswar has achieved great success in placement for management students. They are always known for providing 100% placement to their students and this year too, it was nothing different.BGU or Birla Global Institute of Bhubaneswar is a reputed business school imparting quality MBA education. This institute intends to shape the future of all its aspirants and prepare them for the dynamic and competitive business world. Aspirants passing out from BGU are sure to become one of the best corporate in the industry.- This institute has designed its MBA curriculum in such a way to provide actual knowledge of the business world in reality.- Through its summer internships, research programs and other projects, this B-school grooms aspirants to face the competition and real life scenario of corporate industry.- Renowned professionals of the corporate sector are the faculty members of this institute. They equip students with their valuable experience and knowledge.- The association of this institute with leading organizations, in this country and abroad, helps in the placement also. These organizations choose qualified aspirants from BGU for their business growth.- Industry internships is also a golden opportunity for the students to meet industry stalwarts and attract their attention through their skill.- Besides, BGU offers many specialized programmes which grooms aspirants in many ways besides providing them quality management training.When students have the support of top grade faculty members, industry-standard management curriculum and all necessary amenities to acquire real knowledge of the business world, who can stop them from getting placement in the corporate industry?All reputed organizations visit BGU campus for recruiting talents from this institute. Check out their website to learn about the 2016 students' excellent placement.Want to know more about this institute and how to seek admission to this renowned management school? Visit their website atBGU is a self-financed private university creating management professionals for the future of business industry. With state-of-the-art facilities, world class classrooms, the best infrastructure and finest line of faculty members, it intends to redefine management education.IDCO Plot No. 2, Institutional Area, GothapatnaBhubaneswar – 751029, Odisha, INDIA: 0674 – 7103001-10,: 0674 – 71030110674 – 6510390, 7103001 (Extn.–141,143, 146, 147): 7381058302, 9776129900: 1800 – 212 – 3001
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A “Bachelor in Paradise” contestant says she's a “victim” of undisclosed events that led to production of the reality show being put on hold.
In a statement Wednesday, Corinne Olympios said they have hired an attorney and is seeking therapy to deal with what they called the physical and emotional trauma they experienced on June 4.
Olympios said they have little memory of what occurred.
Warner Bros., the company behind ABC's “Bachelor in Paradise,” a spin-off of “The Bachelor,” suspended production and sent contestants home while it investigates allegations of misconduct on the set in Mexico.
Warner Bros. also said it plans appropriate action depending on the outcome.
The studio didn't provide further details and declined comment Wednesday on Olympios' statement.
“Bachelor in Paradise” planned to air its fourth season this summer.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Beijing Ultrapower Software Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT WINS BID FOR SERVICE CONTRACT WORTH UP TO 160.1 MILLION YUAN ($25.49 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2rWWKg2 Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2805 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
May 3 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Slovak championship matches on Wednesday Wednesday, May 3 Tatran Presov 1 ViOn Zlate Moravce 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts C1 Zilina 26 19 4 3 70 22 61 ------------------------- 2 Slovan Bratislava 27 16 3 8 46 29 51 3 Podbrezova 26 11 8 7 30 24 41 ------------------------- 4 AS Trencin 27 12 5 10 43 42 41 ------------------------- 5 Ruzomberok 26 11 7 8 48 36 40 6 DAC Dunajska Streda 26 9 10 7 32 28 37 7 Spartak Trnava 26 9 7 10 26 32 34 8 MFK Zemplin Michalovce 27 8 5 14 34 50 29 9 FK Senica 27 6 7 14 21 30 25 10 ViOn Zlate Moravce 26 5 7 14 25 44 22 11 Tatran Presov 26 3 9 14 15 53 18 ------------------------- C - Champion Sparta Myjava expelled from the league. 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup Next Fixtures (GMT): Saturday, May 6 FK Senica v Ruzomberok (1700) MFK Zemplin Michalovce v Zilina (1700) Tatran Presov v Podbrezova (1700) Sunday, May 7 AS Trencin v Spartak Trnava (1320) ViOn Zlate Moravce v DAC Dunajska Streda (1530)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
WASHINGTON The Trump administration aims to be forthright with Congressional investigations into Russian involvement with the 2016 U.S. election, a White House spokesperson said on Thursday.
Spokesman Sean Spicer also declined comment on a New York Times report that said two White House officials helped provide intelligence reports to House of Representatives intelligence committee chairperson Devin Nunes, a Republican who was on President Donald Trump's transition team.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by David Alexander and Eric Walsh; editing by Grant McCool)
April 6 Bank of America Corp's Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management appointed financial adviser Aaron Dykas and senior registered client associate Lisa Schaffer to its Boise, Idaho office.
Dykas joins from Wells Fargo Advisors, a unit of Wells Fargo & Co and has more than 20 years of industry experience.
Schaffer also joins from Wells Fargo Advisors, has worked in the financial services industry since 1993. (Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru)
(Recasts, adds closing prices throughout) April 5 Brazilian stocks dropped on Wednesday on after a poll stoked concerns that President Michel Temer's government may struggle to pass a pension reform package seen as needed to rein in public spending. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index sank 1.5 percent. A survey of lawmakers published by newspaper Estado de S. Paulo on Wednesday said that not even a watered-down version of the pension reform bill would muster enough votes to clear the lower house of Congress. The reform plan is seen as key for Brazil to plug a widening budget gap. Brazilian stocks hit a nearly six-year high in February on bets Temer would be able to pass reforms. In Mexico, the peso currency shed early gains after minutes of the latest Federal Reserve meeting backed expectations for higher U.S. interest rates that could sap demand for riskier emerging market assets. The Banco de Mexico placed its entire offer of $200 million in foreign exchange hedges in an auction in which demand far outstripped supply, reflecting appetite for the program aimed at supporting the country's currency. The peso is up around 10 percent so far this year, rebounding from all-time lows on hopes that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose heavy tariffs on Mexican exports to the United States as they had threatened. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 2100 GMT: Stock indexes The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change MSCI Emerging Markets 969.22 0.42 12.4 MSCI LatAm 2,667.84 -0.05 13.98 Brazil Bovespa 64,774.76 -1.51 7.55 Mexico IPC 49,207.61 -0.27 7.81 Chile IPSA 4,872.82 0.98 17.21 Chile IGPA 24,376.54 0.9 17.57 Argentina MerVal 20,683.02 -0.72 22.22 Colombia IGBC 10,194.35 0.13 0.65 Venezuela IBC 45,494.90 -0.54 43.49 Currencies The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change Brazil real 3.1137 -0.52 4.35 Mexico peso 18.8270 -0.05 10.162 Chile peso 658.2 0.33 1.90 Colombia peso 2,859 0.00 4.98 Peru sol 3.247 0.09 5.14 Argentina peso 15.3600 -0.03 3.35 (interbank) Argentina peso 15.82 0.38 6.32 (parallel) (Reporting by Michael O'Boyle, additional reporting by Marcelo Teixeira; editing by G Crosse)
April 3 Open Finance SA
* Informs its series E share issue has not gone through, following the company's error in the National Court Register (KRS) proceedings
* Works on solution which will limit the consequences of not issuing the series E shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 Roxas Holdings Inc:
* Clarifies reports allegedly linking its subsidiaries to a recent fish kill incident in the town of pontevedra
* Roxol did not discharge waste water into marayo river, which is connected to tuburan creek that was reportedly affected by alleged fish kill
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A general view shows the Spanish city of La Linea de la Concepcion (rear) and the tarmac of the Gibraltar International Airport (bottom L) while tourists stand on the top of the Rock (R) next to the European Union flag, in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Jon Nazca/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A tourist watches monkeys on the top of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca /File Photo
GIBRALTAR "Brexit Bombshell -- but Gibraltar will not surrender" stated the Gibraltar Panorama on Monday as the British enclave's future took centre stage in the wrangling over Britain's break from the European Union.
Residents of "the Rock" on the southern tip of Spain said they hoped for London's support as Prime Minister Theresa May's government negotiated the divorce.
But they also adopted a typically British stance on the row -- keep calm and carry on.
"Spain is going to jump at this opportunity to try and take advantage of the situation but when it comes to the crunch I think we've got to take one step at a time and not overreact, be calm," said firefighter Liam Byrne, speaking in a street on the peninsula.
Gibraltarians voted overwhelmingly in last June's referendum to stay as part of the EU but Britain's decision as a whole to leave potentially takes the overseas territory with it.
But an EU draft position published on Friday said any agreement on Gibraltar had to be agreed between Britain and Spain, which has long claimed sovereignty over the enclave.
On Sunday a former British minister, Michael Howard, suggested Britain would be ready to go to war with Spain to defend the outpost -- a display of saber-rattling that evoked memories of the 1982 war with Argentina over the Falklands.
That drew a rebuke from Brian Reyes, a columnist for the Gibraltar Chronicle, who said Howard's words helped no one.
"This is a time for firm but measured diplomacy, not war rhetoric," Reyes wrote. "What we need is a Rock-solid commitment from the UK that it will include Gibraltar in any future trade deal with the EU."
BRITISH FLAVOUR
Captured by Britain in 1704 and ceded in the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht, Gibraltar has long been a bone of contention between London and Madrid. The border was closed for many years during the Franco dictatorship.
In a 2002 referendum, Gibraltarians rejected by 98 percent a proposal for joint British-Spanish sovereignty.
Once a major British military base, the territory of 33,000 people is now an off-shore financial center drawing funds and insurance companies with its attractive tax and regulatory regime.
It has a strong flavour of Britishness, with pubs named "The Gibraltar Arms"' and "The Angry Friar". One souvenir stall had for sale a red bag with the slogan "Gibraltar. British since 1704".
Gibraltar was not mentioned in May's Article 50 letter which triggered the process to leave the bloc last Wednesday.
Ron Westdorp, managing director of Gibraltar-based fund Taler Asset Management, said the line in the EU draft which said Spain would have a veto on Gibraltar was not helpful.
"It is upsetting in an extremely early phase of renegotiating these relations," they told Reuters by telephone.
Retiree Alfred Medina was also suspicious of Spain's motives.
"Even though I voted to leave the EU, I was expecting this from Spain and I just sincerely hope that Britain will back us up and they will take care of us like they've done in the past," they said.
(Additional reporting by Angus Berwick in Madrid, Writing by Sonya Dowsett; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
A murder investigations started in Grays after a man found yesterday with a head injury, has died today.
Police believe the man is 65 year old John Hicks.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested this evening on suspicion of murder.
Mr Hicks was found with a head injury in London Road in the early hours of July 3rd and was taken to hospital, where they died today.
Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Daniel Stoten, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate said: “We are keen to speak to anyone with information about the injuries John sustained before their death.
“We believe that there may have been an altercation in the High Street between 6pm and 7pm on Thursday, June 28, and would like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed this incident, or have any mobile phone or CCTV footage.”
Specially trained officers are supporting their family.
A forensic post mortem examination is due to take place tomorrow.
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 quoting incident number 41 of 04/07.
Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111
* Graphic: sterling and gilt yields bit.ly/2dgAXn1
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON, May 2 Sterling inched back below $1.29 on Tuesday, after a long weekend during which the rest of the European Union took a tough and united stance on Britain's exit from the bloc, as traders eyed manufacturing data due later in the morning.
The EU-27 endorsed stiff divorce terms for Britain on Saturday and warned Britons to have "no illusions" that a deal to retain access to European markets will be swift and easy, at a Brussels summit marked by unusual harmony among leaders.
But sterling, which since last June's vote to leave the EU has been highly sensitive to signs that the country is heading towards a "hard Brexit" in which it loses any kind of preferential access to the single market, showed few signs of increased nerves on Tuesday.
It inched down 0.1 percent to $1.2866, less than a cent away from a seven-month high of $1.2965 hit last week.
The currency shrugged off data on Friday showing the economy slowed to a one-year low in the first three months of 2017, as higher inflation - in large part caused by sterling weakness following last year's Brexit vote - hurt consumer-focused businesses.
A monthly purchasing managers' index (PMI) for the manufacturing sector is due at 0830 GMT, and is expected to show activity slowing a touch, though staying well above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction.
"Coming on top of the slowdown in GDP for Q1, a decline in the manufacturing index could generate speculation that this softness in economic activity may have rolled over into Q2, and may thereby reverse some of the pound's recent gains," said IronFX currency strategist Charalambos Pissouros.
"Having said that, we think that the currency's near-term direction will be primarily decided by opinion polls and developments regarding the upcoming election, instead of economic data, at least until the political landscape clears out somewhat."
Against the euro, the pound fell 0.2 percent to 84.76 pence .
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
New Delhi: In a major setback to Telugu film industry, actor and comedian Vijay Sai reportedly committed suicide at the age of 38.Sai who was undergoing a bad phase both financially and careerwise, ended their lives on Monday morning near Yusufguda in Hyderabad. Their body was found hanging in their apartment.According to reports , their parents were present in the house at the time they committed suicide. The exact reason behind suicide is not found yet.If talks are to be believed , the actor was suffering from depression due to financial problems . According to police , there were some cases against the actor. Also they were allegedly living separately from their wife since two years. So there is not just one angle. The police is probing all the angles.Vijay Sai is best known for their performances in Bommarillu and Ammayilu Abbayilu.
BRIEF-Apple files for notes offering of up to $1.0 billion
* Says notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.000pct per year and will mature on June 20, 2027 Source text: (http://bit.ly/2rsfDae) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Noble Energy Inc (NBL.N) on Monday reported a smaller-than-expected adjusted quarterly loss as oil prices ticked up after a more than two-year slump, offsetting a decline in production.
Brent crude prices LCOc1 averaged $54.57 per barrel in the first three months of the year, up 55 percent from a year earlier.
Noble's total operating expenses fell 12.7 percent to $1 billion.
Net income attributable to Noble was $36 million, or 8 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31. The company posted a loss of $287 million, or 67 cents per share, a year earlier.
On an adjusted basis, the company posted a loss of 5 cents per share. Analysts on average had expected a loss of 14 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The Houston, Texas-based company's total revenue rose 43.1 percent to $1.04 billion, beating analysts' average estimate of $955.1 million.
Total volumes fell 8.2 percent to 382,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
However, the company raised the low-end of its second-quarter sales volume forecast to 405,000 boed from 395,000 boed, keeping the top-end unchanged at 415,000 boed.
The company's shares were up 1.9 percent at $32.9 in after-hours trading.
Last month, Noble closed its acquisition of smaller rival Clayton Williams Energy CWEI.N, a move which boosts its presence in the top U.S. shale field, the Permian basin of Texas.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha and Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Governor of the Bank of France Francois Villeroy de Galhau attends a press conference after the Franco-German Financial Council meeting in Berlin, Germany, September 23, 2016. REUTERS/Axel Schmidt
PARIS Any bid to undo regulation developed in recent years in the financial sector would increase the risk of another crisis, the Bank of France governor said on Thursday, adding that the U.S. government's attitude on this would be key.
New U.S. President Donald Trump has ordered reviews of major banking rules rolled out after the global financial crisis in 2008, in a signal that looser regulation could be on the way.
The Bank of France's Francois Villeroy de Galhau, a European Central Bank policymaker, said in a financial stability report that regulations were an asset that should be preserved as they had helped make the system more secure.
"Any temptation to go back on this or to massively deregulate would increase the risk of another financial crisis," Villeroy said, adding that the challenge was now to reinforce these rules. "The attitude of the new U.S. administration will, of course, be key: now more than ever, close international co-ordination and strong political determination are vital."
(Reporting by Yann le Guernigou; Writing by Sarah White; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
RPT-Soccer-Chelsea to host Burnley in Premier League season opener
LONDON, England, June 14 Chelsea will open the defence of their Premier League title at home to Burnley when the season kicks off on the weekend of Aug.12-13.
* Britain triggers Article 50 to exit EU
* Fed's Charles Evans, Eric Rosengren set to speak
* Vertex jumps on success of cystic fibrosis treatment
* Futures: Dow down 12 pts, S&P down 0.75 pts, Nasdaq up 2.75 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 29 U.S. stocks looked set for a muted open on Wednesday as investors turned their attention to Europe, where Britain started a process to exit the European Union.
Nine months after Britons voted to leave, British Prime Minister Theresa May notified EU Council President Donald Tusk in a letter that the UK is quitting the bloc it joined in 1973.
The dollar rose on the Brexit development, building on gains from a day earlier, while prices of safe-haven gold also moved higher on uncertainty regarding trade policies between the EU and Britain.
"The big talk of the day is Britain's official request to leave the EU, which we think, is likely to be a counterbalance for the markets for many days to come," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist, wrote in a note.
Wall Street showcased an impressive recovery on Tuesday, with the Dow snapping an eight-day losing streak after robust consumer data pointed to the strength in the U.S. economy and eased jitters about the impact of a failed healthcare bill.
"The markets are tranquil after yesterday's new burst of confidence rally forced shorts to cover," Cardillo wrote.
A host of Federal Reserve officials, including Chicago Fed President Charles Evans and their Boston counterpart, Eric Rosengren, are scheduled to speak at separate events and could comment on interest rates.
Dow e-minis were down 12 points, or 0.06 percent at 8:16 a.m. ET (1216 GMT), with 18,856 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were down 0.75 points, or 0.03 percent, with 113,567 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 2.75 points, or 0.05 percent, on volume of 18,939 contracts.
Stocks moving premarket included Vertex Pharmaceuticals, which jumped nearly 18 percent to $105.65 after its cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a late-stage trial.
Luxury furniture retailer RH soared 16.4 percent to $44.25 following a quarterly profit that beat analysts' expectations.
Chipmaker Exar Corp was up 22 percent at $12.95 following a deal to be bought by Maxlinear for about $700 million. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
During their presidential campaign, Donald Trump's verbal affection for Russian President Vladimir Putin so puzzled the Washington establishment that some speculated Putin had either “recruited Mr. Trump as an unwitting agent of the Russian Federation” or that Trump was simply a “useful fool” for the Russians.
But 100 days into Trump's presidency, this seems anything but true. After the United States retaliated for the Assad regime's chemical weapons attack, Washington and Moscow are engaged in a harsh war of words.
Washington blames Russia for the gas attack, while Moscow accused the United States of breaking international law and suspended a Russian-American agreement to coordinate air operations over Syria. Trump now says U.S.-Russian relations "may be at an all-time low," while Putin says the relationship has become worse since Trump took office.
While Republican hawks and even some Democrats praised Trump's about-face on Russia, let's be clear about one thing: Whatever differences exist between the United States and Russia, an improved relationship with the Russians is good for America. Here's why:
With over 14,000 nuclear weapons between them, Russia and the United States have the ability to destroy each other – not to mention the rest of the world – many times over. Both sides are modernizing their nuclear arsenals to make them even more lethal, and the risk of an accidental nuclear war is growing.
But from Trump's “let it be an arms race” comment to their apparent denuciation of a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, the president seems to be ignoring this risk.
If Trump truly believes in an “America First” foreign policy, they should focus on reducing the risk of a U.S.-Russian nuclear war – something that can only happen if Washington talks to Moscow.
Both the United States and Russia want to combat global terrorism. As the recent suicide attack on a metro train in St. Petersburg and the January bombing of an Istanbul nightclub showed, an increasing number of Russian speakers from the former Soviet Union are becoming radicalized. An estimated 5,000 to 7,000 of them fight with Islamic State – including 2,400 from Russia itself.
The United States also needs Russia to help resolve – or at least contain – various crises in regional hotspots. In Syria, for example, Russia's relationship with the Assad regime means that no solution to end the civil war is possible without Russian assistance, especially if the Trump administration now wants Assad removed from power.
Russia has deepened its economic links with Pyongyang, and as one of five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council can either help or hinder any further U.S. efforts to squeeze North Korea economically or politically.
Unfortunately for the United States, though, Moscow just blocked a draft U.S. statement in the U.N. Security Council condemning the latest North Korean missile test – once again demonstrating its ability to impact American national interests.
Washington and Moscow also share a mutual interest in reducing the risk of a NATO-Russian military confrontation in Europe. Unfortunately, though, most channels of Russian-American communication are on hold since Russia's annexation of Crimea, increasing the risk that even a minor incident between the two sides could spiral out of control. Russia's strategy of threatening to use nuclear weapons as a way of forcing its enemy to back down increases the chance of a disaster.
Finally, the United States will suffer if Russia and China align against it. During the Cold War, then-Secretary of State Henry Kissinger pursued so-called “Triangle Diplomacy,” where Washington sought to develop better relations with both Beijing and Moscow than the two communist giants had with each other.
The current downturn in the U.S.-Russian relationship could drive Russia into China's arms, making the United States the odd man out in a new triangle. With China set to become the United States' leading geopolitical rival in the coming years, Washington should try to avoid this scenario – something that an improved Russian-American relationship could help do.
Major hurdles exist. Many of Trump's senior appointees – such as their nominee for U.S. ambassador to NATO Richard Grenell, their new National Security Council Russia expert Fiona Hill and their National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster – are more hawkish than Trump was during their campaign.
The ongoing investigation into the Kremlin's involvement in the election makes it politically difficult for Trump to pursue better relations with Moscow, even if they want to. Some speculate that Trump's newly hardened stance on Assad is partially driven by the administration's desire to counter the perception that Trump remains overly cozy with Russia.
Even if Trump can overcome these obstacles in Washington, there's still no guarantee they could agree with Putin on many key issues. From missile defense to Syria to Ukraine, the two sides' views may be too far apart to bridge.
TOKYO The Bank of Japan will likely cut its rosy inflation forecast as early as this month, as slow wage growth and soft private consumption prevent prices from accelerating much this fiscal year, a former senior central bank executive said.
Any such downgrade of the BOJ's 1.5 percent inflation target will make it difficult for the central bank to seek an early exit from its massive stimulus, said Kazuo Momma, a former BOJ official who oversaw its monetary policy and international affairs.
But there are also few reasons to ease policy as keeping interest rates ultra-low for too long could hurt household sentiment by pushing down the rate of returns on their savings, said Momma, an executive economist at Mizuho Research Institute.
"The BOJ's price forecasts are too optimistic, so there's a very high chance they will be revised down. This may happen at It's next quarterly forecast review in April," they said.
"It's hard to raise interest rates when you're cutting your inflation forecasts," Momma told Reuters on Wednesday.
When stripping away the base effect of last year's oil price falls, underlying trend inflation remains weak due to slow wage growth and sluggish household spending, they said.
Momma, who retains close contact with incumbent Japanese policymakers, said it is thus a near-certainty the BOJ will miss its 2 percent inflation target during the next fiscal year ending in March 2019.
They expect core consumer inflation to hover around 0.5 percent in the current fiscal year and accelerate only to around 1.0 percent the following year.
Under the current forecasts made in January, the BOJ expects core consumer inflation to hit 1.5 percent this fiscal year and 1.7 percent in fiscal 2018.
The BOJ will conduct a quarterly review of its economic and price forecasts at its next rate review on April 26-27.
Japan's economy has shown signs of life in recent months, with exports and factory output benefiting from a recovery in global demand.
With inflation expected to accelerate later this year on a rebound in energy costs and rising import prices from a weak yen, a growing number of analysts now predict the BOJ's next move would be to start scaling back its massive stimulus.
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has said the central bank is nowhere near withdrawing stimulus with inflation still distant from its 2 percent target.
Core consumer prices rose 0.2 percent in February from a year earlier, marking the fastest annual pace in nearly two years.
But a separate consumer price index that excludes the effect of volatile fresh food and energy costs rose just 0.1 percent in February, suggesting that weak consumption was preventing companies from raising prices of non-energy items.
(Additional reporting by Sumio Ito; Editing by Randy Fabi)
BRIEF-KHC acquires 7% stake in Careem for $62m
* Kingdom Holding Co - transaction makes KHC one of the largest holders of preferred shares in Careem and will grant KHC a board seat on Careem's board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [Kingdom Holding Co]
73's winning streak halted
by Garrett Fodor
Entering this past week, the Essex 73's had the longest winning streak in the Stobbs Division, but it was halted at the hands of the Mooretown Flags last week.
On Tuesday night, the 73's faced off against the Flags, a team that has given the home-team fits this year and last. Tuesday night was no different.
Despite Essex rested with a week off prior to this game, the players appeared sluggish out of the gate. As a result, the local athletes spent much of the first period, and the game, behind. Five minutes into the game, Tyler Ryan was beaten by Flags forward, Nolan Riley.
After a scoreless second period, the teams came out of their dressing rooms riled up for the third period. The players were quick to renew their physicality, not shy to use their body, and press on the forecheck. But, the Essex players were unable to use the added energy to their advantage and made frequent trips to the penalty box. Mooretown scored with the man advantage and added an empty-netter as Essex fell 3-0 at home. Shots in the game were 36-19 in favour of Essex.
Twenty-four hours after its 3-0 defeat at the hands of the Flags, Essex responded, in 73's fashion, with a statement 7-3 win over the Wallaceburg Lakers.
Similar to the game on Tuesday, the Essex players played with a chip on their shoulders. They displayed a hard-nosed and physical style of hockey, but like the night before, it got them into trouble. The team had to kill numerous penalties in the opening frame to give the Lakers chances to score.
Despite the penalties, Essex skated into the first intermission with a 2-1 lead. William Stadder and Justin Bondy scored for the 73's. Jax Dhondt was beaten in the final minute of the frame when the Essex defense turned the puck over in front of the crease.
Like period one, Essex continued to blitz the Wallaceburg goalie, whether it be with pucks or bodies. Just under three minutes into the second period, Essex scored two goals in 47 seconds to increase its lead to 4-1.
Following the two goals, Wallaceburg was forced to use its timeout. It did pay dividends as the Lakers appeared calm and beat Dhondt just 6 minutes later. As the teams skated into the intermission, the scoreboard read 4-2 in favour of Essex. Shots were in favour of the visitors at 22-16.
In the final frame, Wyatt O'Neil continued their torrid play as of late as they scored a natural hat-trick. The first goal came with the man advantage. The power-play goal was just the third in the last 32 chances Essex has had in its last 6 games. Wallaceburg found the net behind Dhondt for the third time in the period, but it was too little too late. Essex prevailed 7-3.
“It was a bounce back game,” Dallas Anderson said, who finished with a goal. “The bounces are not always going to go our way, so we have to find a way to generate opportunities, score, and win.”
German Chancellor and leader of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) Angela Merkel addresses a news conference in Berlin, Germany, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN Germany's centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) narrowed the gap with Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives, a weekly poll showed on Wednesday, less than six months before a federal election in Europe's biggest economy.
The Forsa poll for Stern magazine and RTL television showed support for Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party (CSU) stable at 34 percent while the SPD under new leader Martin Schulz gained 1 percentage point on the week to reach 32 percent.
The Forsa institute put the poll's margin of error at 2.5 percentage points, meaning Merkel's conservative CDU/CSU bloc and the SPD are in a neck-and-neck race.
Both Merkel, who will seek a fourth term as chancellor, and Schulz are hoping to end their parties' current 'grand coalition' and to form a new government with smaller allies.
The poll showed the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) down 2 percentage points at 7 percent, which is the lowest level of support in that poll since November 2015.
The far-left Linke gained one percentage point to reach 8 percent, making it the third-strongest party. The Greens stood at 7 percent and the business-friendly Free Democrats (FDP) at 6 percent -- above the 5 percent threshold needed to enter parliament.
The poll of some 2,500 voters was carried out between March 20-24. The weekly poll mirrored the results of a monthly survey by the Allensbach institute for newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung which were published on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Catherine Evans)
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 13 An unprecedented series of executions scheduled in Arkansas later this month will bring long-awaited closure to victims' families, the state's governor said on Thursday, as U.S. judges mull whether to halt the proceedings on grounds they are excessive and unlawful.
Arkansas, which has not had an execution in 12 years, plans to kill seven inmates over 11 days from April 17, which includes three pairs of dual executions. No state has ever executed as many inmates in as short a period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
“There is no question of guilt,” Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson told reporters. "They (the victims' families) need closure and they don't think they have it."
Some of the convicted murderers set to die have been on death row for more than 20 years. The state has not held executions for more than a decade due to legal battles over its death chamber protocols and secrecy surrounding its drug procurement.
Hutchinson has toured the Cummins Unit prison, located in the small town of Grady, that will conduct the lethal injections and said the staff set to carry out the executions is experienced and practiced.
About two dozen former corrections officials and administrators wrote to Hutchinson in late March urging them to abandon the plan, saying it places an undue burden on prison staff.
All the inmates scheduled to die this month have launched a series of motions in federal court in Little Rock to block the proceedings. They argue that the rush to the death chamber increases the chances of a botched execution.
The American Bar Association, the leading U.S. law professionals organization, sent a letter to Hutchinson on Tuesday, saying the expedited schedule undermines due process and impedes adequate legal representation.
Hutchinson has said the state must act quickly because the efficacy date for one of the chemicals in its lethal injection mix, the sedative midazolam, expires at the end of April.
In 2014, Oklahoma was the last state to attempt two executions on the same night.
In the first execution, a poorly secured intravenous tube popped out, lethal-injection chemicals sprayed in the death chamber and staff said the pressure of dual executions exposed flaws.
It did not conduct the second execution.
Oklahoma, which has put executions on hold to fix flaws, has recommended executions be held at least a week apart to allow staff time to review the proceedings and decompress.
(Writing by Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Rision Ltd:
* RNL SECURES MANDATE WITH CHAPMANS LIMITED TO RAISE $1.5M
* WILL ISSUE SHARES AND OPTIONS TO CHAPMANS AND OTHER INVESTORS‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
The Government has confirmed it has agreed to a settlement with low-paid carers.
The settlement was part of a package worth $2 billion, Prime Minister Bill English said this afternoon.
The historic settlement will lead to hefty pay increases for up to 55,000 workers, mostly women, in the aged residential care, home support and disability service sectors.
It comes after a pay equity claim brought by E Tu (previously the Service and Food Workers Union) on behalf of care worker Kristine Bartlett.
Health Minister Jonathan Coleman said that as a result of the settlement, carers who were mostly on the minimum wage would receive a pay rise of between 15 and 50 per cent.
"For the 20,000 workers currently on the minimum wage of $15.75 per hour, it means on July 1 they will move to at least $19 per hour, a 21 per cent pay rise," Coleman said.
"For a full-time worker, this means they will be taking home around an extra $100 a week, which is over $5,000 a year."
All workers in the affected sectors would see their wages increase to between $19 and $27 over five years.
Continued below.
Related Content Video Watch: Kristine Bartlett's emotional reaction to pay equity win Watch NZH Local Focus: Whanganui rowing club members amongst locals bracing for floods Your Views: Readers Letters
The $2 billion settlement over five years would be funded through increases in the Health and ACC budgets. That could mean an increase in ACC levies over the next decade, Coleman said.
"However, that is not definite. There may also be an increase in costs for people in aged residential care facilities, whose assets keep them above the subsidy threshold."
Legislation would be introduced to Parliament soon to enact the changes.
The settlement is expected to have wider ramifications, and English said they understood other sectors were considering pay equity claims.
They warned that the "hurdle will be high" for any future deals.
'A momentous occasion'
John Ryall of E Tu said it was a momentous occasion which would benefit 55,000 care and support workers.
"It will transform their lives. This will make a huge difference.
"It offers a clear pathway top better wages and better lives through a new system for training."
Speaking at a gathering across from Parliament attended by care workers including Kristine Bartlett, Ryall said their courage had led to the settlement.
"This is your day. Your legacy will live on for a long time."
They said establishing the principle of pay equity had been important to the union. They said it was a human right and represented a massive step toward gender equality.
"This is a good thing, not just for low-paid undervalued women, but for us all."
They also said they wanted to pay tribute to the Government for agreeing to negotiate "rather than waiting for years".
Health Minister Jonathan Coleman also went to the unions meeting ad was greeted with applause.
Bartlett said it was an amazing day and a "huge victory," not just for them but for thousands of support workers.
"And not just today - but for years to come.
"What an exciting moment. I'm thrilled, This will be the biggest pay rise we will ever get."
They said they had worked alongside others who struggled to get by on the minimum-wage level pay caregivers had been on, including some who arrived at work without lunch because they could not afford it.
"So this will be a life changer. It makes me so happy, And that's why I took this case, so they could live in dignity.
"We will now be able to enjoy work knowing we are getting the appropriate pay."
'It will encourage others'
Cee Payne of the NZ Nurses' Organisation said New Zealand's history included being the first country to give women the right to vote.
"And now a history that will include the achievement of the largest equal pay for women settlement since the Equal Pay Act in 1972."
They said the settlement firmly entrenched the principle of equal pay for women.
They said the struggle for equal pay in the sector had resonated with people who believed it was right and long overdue.
They said as well as justice for the caregivers it was justice for the elderly clients.
"Giving great care requires experienced staff and enough staff on duty.
"This equal pay settlement will encourage others to take up work and stay in work."
It would also give more opportunities for training and the right to get qualifications that would be recognised in pay.
They ended with "just one word" to Coleman. "Thank you."
"The outcome will contribute to better lives for those requiring care and support in Aotearoa.
'You should be proud today'
Caregiver Dilani Perera said they loved their job, but often had to work long hours to make ends meet.
"What we do is important for society, but we also need time to spend with out families. This is why we have never given up on equal pay."
They said it would also benefit those the caregivers looked after, and help stop the high turnover of staff in the sector.
"We need to be valued in our work so we can be emotionally strong. My message to all the caregivers is that you should be proud today."
They said it could not have been done without the strong backing from the unions and urged others to attend the meetings to consider the settlement and vote.
Helen Amey, an in-home support worker and PSA delegate, said they were thrilled.
They said the clients were some of the most vulnerable people in the country and the support workers helped them continue to live independently.
"This is a victory for all working women. It shows what we can do when we stand together for a better working life."
They said it also showed what could happen when the union worked with the Government and the sector.
Emily Sheffield, a support worker in the disability sector, said they were on $17 an hour.
"I've always felt the work we do is not valued."
They said many workers did their jobs because they loved it despite the low pay.
Historic deal
A historic pay equity agreement announced today can partly be traced to a damning inquiry five years ago which involved a senior public servant going undercover in a rest home.
The author of that report, former Equal Opportunities Commissioner Judy McGregor, said today they were celebrating a government deal which would see up to 55,000 low-paid workers get large pay increases in the next five years.
McGregor famously posed as a care worker in a retirement home for a week in January 2012 as part of their year-long Caring Counts inquiry.
Them report concluded that aged care was a form of "modern-day slavery". It also generated momentum for a legal challenge against the Government, which effectively sets the pay rates through its subsidies to aged care providers.
Speaking to the Herald today, McGregor was reluctant to take any credit for the settlement, which will cost the Government up to $500 million a year.
"I am proud to have been part of the catalyst, but I think the equal pay movement has been around for a long time," they said.
McGregor, now the head of public policy at AUT, said going undercover helped to get public attention for workers who had until then been invisible.
They said the settlement would send a strong message to the public that their work was hugely valuable.
"One of things that was quite remarkable when we did our human rights report was the degree to which the public felt embarrassed that carers looking after their elderly were paid so little for the job they knew they couldn't do.
"When I worked in the sector, I was physically unable to lift people and hoist them and toilet them. This will now show the public that the job has value."
They said the legal challenge taken by the Service and Food Workers Union on behalf of Kristine Bartlett was not without a touch of serendipity.
The union's leaders had been discussing the Caring Counts report when Bartlett popped into their office to use the photocopier.
"The union's lawyer was in [former national secretary] John Ryall's office and said we can't ignore the inquiry.
"And as I understand it, Kristine Bartlett just happened to be in the office and they said to them 'Would you be on for it?'
"Without the litigation I don't think there would have been enough pressure on Government and employers to come to the party."
Opposition parties have criticised the National-led Government for resisting change and fighting Bartlett all the way to the Supreme Court.
But McGregor gave some credit to the Government, saying it had now settled on two of the major recommendations in their report; pay equity for carers and compensation for carers' travel between clients.
"I think it is fantastic news that women have finally got equal pay, or at least something towards equal pay," they said.
"Whether I agree that that's the true value of an hour of caring work is another matter."
The settlement would have broader ramifications, McGregor said, because low-paid women would be emboldened to demand better wages.
"The private sector will need to acknowledge that if they're not paying equally, then they're going to have a problem.
"Because I think that women are now alert to the issue and they're more likely to ask."
- NZ Herald
