Speech to Text for Monday Late Forecast
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
thunderstorms after 11am. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after 2am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 6 mph. low around 74. light northeast wind. tuesday a 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after 11am. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after 2am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 6 mph. low around 74. light northeast wind. tuesday a 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after 11am. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after 2am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 6 mph. low around 74. light northeast wind. tuesday a 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after 11am. partly sunny, with a high near 89. south southeast wind 3 to 7 mph. tuesday night a 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after 2am. mostly cloudy, with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 6 mph. good evening.. one of the wabash valley's
Kevin Mayer poses on the podium during the victory ceremony for the men's decathlon athletics event at London Stadium. Photo: Daniel Leal-Olivas/AFP
France's Olympic silver medallist Kevin Mayer won gold in the world decathlon on Sunday.
What do all three of the royal siblings have in common? Those signature Cambridge cheeks!
Prince George was the first to show off their pinch-worthy cheeks when proud parents Kate Middleton and Prince William carried them onto the steps of the Lindo Wing after they were born on July 22, 2013.
Little sister Princess Charlotte followed suit on May 2, 2015. And the new royal prince, who was born on Monday, has clearly inherited the trademark feature.
All three royal siblings' public debuts were very similar. Kate, looking impossibly stylish, cradled each newborn as the proud parents smiled for the cameras and then went back into the hospital before their final exit with the baby carrier. And they each had their eyes closed for their big photo ops.
From left: Prince George, Princess Charlotte, new royal baby John Stillwell/WPA-Pool/Getty Images (2); Samir Hussein/WireImage
RELATED VIDEO: Prince George and Princess Charlotte Visit Royal Baby in the Hospital
Charlotte and their baby brother both wore bonnets from the same Spanish children's boutique, while George went without a hat (his debut came on a much warmer July day!). They were each wrapped in a delicate white shawl from G. H. Hurt & Son.
“All the staff here at G. H. Hurt & Son were delighted to see the royal couple emerge from St Mary's Hospital tonight, with their newborn son wrapped in our traditional hand finished shawl,” Gillian Taylor, Director, G. H. Hurt & Son, told PEOPLE in a statement.
“We feel so honored that William and Kate have again chosen our beautiful merino wool lacy knitted baby shawls and in doing so have continued a tradition for the next generation of royals.”
David Fisher/REX/Shutterstock
Princess Charlotte Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock
Princess Charlotte also showed off their expert royal wave — just as big brother George did when they went to visit them after they were born! And while George appeared a little shy as they made their way into the hospital to meet their little brother, he's got their own royal wave down pat.
Andrew Milligan/PA Wire
One thing that has changed since George's birth almost five years ago? William's car seat skills. While they stumbled as they secured George's baby carrier into the car after their birth, the royal dad was a total pro by the time their youngest son was born. William snapped the car seat in with ease and smiled to the crowd of well-wishers as they joked, “Thrice worry now,” referencing their new role as a dad of three!
The royal baby is just one day old and he's already gotten their first wave of visitors! Aunt Pippa Middleton, who is reportedly pregnant with their first child, stopped by Kensington Palace on Tuesday to meet their new nephew. Uncle Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who live just a stone's throw away from the royal family of five, are also expected to be one of the first to meet the new prince.
Josh Sargent converted a penalty kick in the first half, Chris Durkin and Andrew Carleton added goals in the second and the United States opened the Under-17 World Cup with a 3-0 win over host India on Friday in New Delhi.
Sargent, a forward from O'Fallon, Missouri, who signed with Germany's Werder Bremen last month, was tripped in the penalty area and beat Dheeraj Moirangthem to the goalkeeper's right with the penalty kick in the 30th minute.
Durkin, who debuted for D.C. United in the 2016 U.S. Open Cup, doubled the lead in the 51st with a left-footed volley from just past the penalty spot that deflected in off a defender after India failed to clear Blaine Ferri's corner kick.
Carleton, who made their Major League Soccer debut for Atlanta United in May, rounded Moirangthem to score in the 84th.
Last Friday, Hans Nilsson in Sweden finally caught sight of an elusive creature he'd been trying to capture on film for three years straight.
They spoke about the experience to Swedish national radio, and just a couple days later their footage of the incredibly rare, incredibly majestic white moose is in the process of breaking the internet. So, how rare exactly are these beautiful creatures?
Before we go into the whys and hows of this really pasty moose (look! even the antlers are white and fuzzy!), please enjoy Nilsson's footage below, courtesy P4 Värmland Sveriges Radio:
Ahhh. So beautiful.
Scandinavia is full of moose (Alces alces, also called elk) - the native range of this massive deer family member stretches in an even band across the northern parts of the Northern Hemisphere. Most of them are dark brown of course, but white ones do form a small part of the population.
Just a couple months ago two white moose calves were also sighted in Norway - the baby twins were thought to be about a month old at that point.
Sightings of white moose actually seem to crop up every year or so, and not just from Europe. Last year one such creature spotted in Alaska made headlines around October, and one mottled specimen was caught on film in Canada's Newfoundland just the year before.
Nilsson is a councilman at Eda Municipality in western Sweden's Värmland county, right on the border with Norway. They say there are about 50 white moose in their region, which seems like a lot, considering the BBC claims there are only about 100 of these animals in the whole of Sweden, out of a total of about 400,000.
There's actually no official database or register of Swedish white moose, so we don't know what the actual numbers might be.
But it does appear that if you want to see a white moose, Värmland county is the place to be. In 2012, a group of sightseers is also lucky to encounter one in this region:
"We hadn't gotten very far from our house though when we spotted something extremely, extremely cool by the side of the road - a genuine, real live white moose," states the video caption.
"He was standing so still that at first we didn't think they were real. [That is], obviously they were real, but we thought it might be a statue."
Another white moose - this time female, without antlers - was also spotted in Värmland in 2009. The man loped after it into the forest for about 400 metres (0.25 miles), hence the heavy breathing in the video below:
One interesting fact is that these white moose are usually not considered albino. Instead, the white appearance is thought to stem from a recessive gene that leads to a mottled situation where the white fur is interspersed with flecks of brown (this is known as a piebald moose).
As Swedish biologist Göran Ericsson explained to National Geographic, because white moose are cropping up nearly every year, he's been wondering whether the animals are increasing in the population.
There are few predators for moose in Sweden, although they are a popular target during the hunting season. But apparently hunters choose not to shoot white moose, which could be causing a sort-of selective effect here.
"It is kind of like dog breeding," said Ericsson. "They [hunters] choose to select for traits that otherwise wouldn't have occurred."
Port Elizabeth - A 19-year-old Blue Bulls rugby player charged with two counts of rape and one count of robbery is in line for selection for the captaincy of the Under-20 Springbok side for the World Cup Championship in France this year and because of their high profile rugby commitments should be released on bail, the New Brighton Magistrate's Court in the Eastern Cape heard on Friday.
The rugby player is facing charges after an 18-year-old woman opened a case against them on December 28, last year. The alleged incident took place after a night out in KwaMagxaki in Port Elizabeth. The player who cannot be named until they have formally pleaded, is from Queenstown in the Eastern Cape but desperately wants to be released on bail to get back to their rugby commitments in Pretoria.
During court proceedings, Investigating Officer, Captain Michael Shanagan was cross-examined by lawyer Danie Gouws. Gouws argued that the player should be released on bail as they were also selected to play in the Super Rugby tournament which starts in later this month.
Gouws told the court that the franchise wanted the 19-year-old player to be released so that they could start training. They argued that it was unfair to let the athlete languish in prison for something they probably did not do.
Read more: Blue Bulls Rugby player charged with rape in dock
"If they are not granted bail, they most probably won't have their contract renewed. They will not be able to play rugby and will most probably become a pauper and their two-year-old son will suffer. What's serious is when an innocent person is accused of rape,” Gouws said.
"He will be playing one game in New Zealand, one game in Australia and one game in Argentina. They will be supervised by the CEO and management, it is very easy to get someone back from those countries.”
Gouws argued that Makhaya Ntini was accused of rape yet they were released on bail and even went on to point out that South Africa's very own President Jacob Zuma, was not detained in custody after being charged with rape.
"I was in contact with the CEO, and it seems if anything they will get a fine. They are waiting for them to come out so that they can start training and hopefully realise their dream of playing for the Springboks,” Gouws said.
"It's my understanding, from my sources that they are going to be the Under-20 Captain for the World Cup," said Gouws.
Also read: Blue Bulls rugby player accused of rape hires top PE lawyer
According to detective Shanagan, on the night of the alleged incident, the complainant and the player had attended a party at a flat in Central. The woman's statement to Shanagan details that the player, and another person, drove the woman home.
At some stage the athlete needed to relieve himself. When the car stopped the woman decided to walk home, they claimed that the rugby player came from behind, tripped and dragged them into the bushes where they raped them
However, Gouws said that they were in possession of a voice recording where the complainant could be heard saying that they got out of the vehicle themselves and walked home and there was no mention in these recordings that they were dragged.
Gouws said that the State had a weak case and at trial the woman would be confronted with what they called a material contradiction. They said that the woman was posting information all over social media.
Gouws went on to show the court a video of the party in Central where alcohol was seemingly being consumed and with the woman allegedly wearing the rugby player's jersey. The State's forensic nurse noted that the woman had sustained bruising on their legs, breasts and tenderness on their face.
However, Gouws questioned why their clothing was clean and no blood was noted after an alleged brutal rape. They further dismissed the nurse's qualifications and pointed out the findings of their own forensic expert, Dr Phillip Kapp.
"Abrasions are nil, scars are nil, swelling is nil, bruising yes but in the absence of significant injuries. [Dr Kapp] cannot agree with the examiner's conclusion consistent with forceful anal penetration. We are sitting with a lady who is a afraid of their father, it is hard to believe it was their first time [having sex], it's very difficult to say that," Gouws argued.
The bail application was postponed until February 5 for argument.
African News Agency/ANA
Like us on Facebook
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
Canada is closely following the crisis that has gripped Honduras following the disputed presidential election and is calling upon the Honduran authorities to reinstate constitutional rights and guarantees without delay, said Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland.
“Democratic principles, human rights and the rule of law must be upheld,” Freeland said in a statement as thousands of opposition supporters flooded the streets in the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa and other cities.
However, Canadian civil society groups are calling on the Trudeau government to take a harder line with the Honduran authorities.
“We call on the Canadian government to stop all political and economic support for the Honduran government until election results can be scrutinized by international observers and declared free and fair, and until the human rights situation in the country improves,” said a statement by Common Frontiers, a working group of Canadian labour and civil rights organizations.
The Americas Policy Group (APG), a regional working group of the Canadian Council for International Co-operation, called on Freeland to support an independent international commission to undertake a vote count and to
conduct an investigation of the electoral process.
Honduras has been plunged into political uncertainty since the November 26 election, with repeated delays and concerns over inconsistencies plaguing the vote.
A soldier looks at opposition supporters during a protest over a contested presidential election with allegations of electoral fraud in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, December 8, 2017. © Jorge Cabrera
The crisis has triggered violent protests, prompting the government to declare a state of emergency and dusk-to-dawn curfew.
At least 14 people have died, many from bullet wounds, according to Amnesty International.
“We lament the deaths and injuries that have occurred as a result of violence following the election,” Freeland said in a statement.
“Those responsible must be held accountable,” Freeland added without specifying who Ottawa holds responsible for the violence.
The APG statement called on Freeland to demand the Honduran government to end the state of emergency and carry-out an investigation into the “intellectual authors of the crimes perpetrated by security forces.”
Ottawa's statement came as Honduras' electoral tribunal said on Sunday that a partial recount of votes from the disputed presidential election showed broadly the same result as previously, giving the lead to the incumbent, President Juan Orlando Hernandez.
In the partial recount of 4,753 ballot boxes, the conservative Hernandez won 50.1 percent of the votes, against some 31.5 percent for their rival Salvador Nasralla from the center-left coalition Opposition Alliance against the Dictatorship.
However, electoral tribunal president David Matamoros did not specify exactly how many votes from the Nov. 26 election were recounted and offered no explanation on how Hernandez was able to overcome Nasralla's 5-point lead and squeeze out a narrow victory.
Scrutineers re-count ballots of the general election during a partial re-count in presidential vote, at a vote counting center in Tegucigalpa, Honduras December 7, 2017. © Jorge Cabrera
The Supreme Electoral Tribunal had declared Nasralla the leader in an announcement on the morning after the vote, with just over half of the ballot boxes counted. However, it gave no further updates for about 36 hours. Once results then started flowing again, Nasralla's lead quickly started narrowing, sparking a major outcry.
Nasralla has demanded a full recount and refused to recognize the results, calling them fraudulent. Their alliance called for a nationwide strike Monday, including blockades of the country's main highways.
“The action is due to the fact that we do not accept the results of the elections,” party leader Juan Barahona said.
Nasralla has accused the United States, the European Union and the Organization of American states of being “accomplices to fraud.”
“Canada supports the important work of the Organization of American States (OAS) and EU electoral observer missions in Honduras,” Freeland said. “We welcome the Supreme Electoral Tribunal's efforts to implement all the recommendations of the OAS Electoral Observation Mission and call upon it to continue until all recommendations are implemented.”
Observers from the EU and the OAS have said numerous irregularities have not allowed them to be certain about the results' validity.
“We call on the Canadian government to break its silence about repression, corruption and impunity that have been systematic in Honduras since the 2009 coup,” said the statement by Common Frontiers.
With files from Reuters and The Associated Press
FILE PHOTO: A man walks past campaign posters of candidate Marine Le Pen of the National Front (FN) who runs in the 2017 French presidential election in Paris, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo
BENGALURU The euro is likely to fall about 5 percent to near 15-year lows and close to parity against the dollar in the immediate aftermath should Marine Le Pen win the French presidency in May, according to foreign exchange strategists polled by Reuters.
For graphic on World foreign exchange rates in 2017, click - here
After falling more than 3 percent in 2016, the euro is up about 2 percent this year. But the poll of nearly 70 strategists showed on Thursday the currency is now expected to erase those gains over the next 12 months.
In the near-term, though, what happens during the French two-round presidential election at the end of the month and at the start of May is expected to drive the euro.
Bets are in favour of independent Emmanuel Macron to win the race but the far-right anti-European Union candidate -- Le Pen of the National Front -- could stage a surprise victory.
That possibility is heightened by a rise in nationalist sentiment worldwide as exemplified by Britain's vote last year to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's surprise U.S. election victory.
"(A) Marine Le Pen victory would significantly weigh on the euro as it is not priced in, and given that, it would (have) a very negative outcome for the future of (monetary union)," said Roberto Cobo Garcia, FX strategist at BBVA.
"Emmanuel Macron's victory is what the market is expecting. Thus, the impact of their victory would be positive but marginal."
If Le Pen were to win, the euro is expected to fall 5 percent immediately, according to the median of the near 40 strategists who answered an extra question. The most pessimistic view was for the single currency to lose about 15 percent.
"Markets will shoot first and ask questions later on a Le Pen win," said Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at NAB.
The euro is otherwise forecast to drift lower against the dollar to $1.06 by the end of this month. Respondents then expect it to weaken to $1.05 in a year, a fall of almost 2 percent from $1.07 on Thursday.
Beyond the short-term outlook, the latest euro predictions were less pessimistic compared with last month. Even the calls for euro/dollar parity have dwindled on expectations the European Central Bank will pare back its expansionary policy.
But ECB President Mario Draghi said on Thursday there was no need to deviate from the central bank's policy path, which includes record-low interest rates and bond buying until at least the end of the year.
That suggests long-term expectations were driven by the view for the currency on the other side of the trade, the dollar.
DOLLAR DRIVES LONG VIEW
So far this year, the greenback has fallen against most major currencies on growing doubts about the U.S. administration's ability to deliver on any of the promised stimulus and tax cuts -- a big reason for the currency's gains since Trump's election victory in November.
"There is considerable uncertainty surrounding the timing, composition and magnitude of any fiscal stimulus. In our view, market participants may have priced in too much upside from President Trump and the Republicans in Congress," said Jean-François Paren, head of global markets research at CA CIB.
"While we do see the removal of overly burdensome regulations as a plus for growth, we expect little fiscal stimulus this year, nor is there any guarantee of a big boost in 2018."
Currency speculators have also cut their bullish dollar bets for the first time in four weeks, according to the latest positioning data.
That comes despite hawkish-sounding minutes from the latest U.S. Federal Reserve meeting, which showed most policymakers think the Fed should begin trimming its $4.5 trillion (3.6 trillion pound) balance sheet later this year and was on track for two more interest rate hikes in 2017.
Still, expectations were for the dollar to gain slightly in the year ahead over most major currencies.
But a strong dollar view was based on some form of fiscal stimulus and tax reforms from the U.S. administration in the year ahead, according to almost 80 percent of 65 strategists who answered an extra question in the poll.
"Our base case includes modest tax cuts but no tax reform and only directed/symbolic trade protectionist measures alongside cautious Fed rate hiking, which to a large extent appear priced by markets," wrote Marvin Barth, head of FX strategy at Barclays, in a note to clients.
"Alternative scenarios of a policy package that includes tax reform or nothing at all are plausible and result in considerably different USD outcomes."
(Polling and analysis by Vivek Mishra and Indradip Ghosh; Editing by Ross Finley/Jeremy Gaunt)
Lifestyle differences are to blame for regional variation in obesity rates in Scotland, research has found.
Genetic factors cannot completely explain why obesity is more common in some areas and not others, scientists say.
Public health initiatives that focus on postcodes in deprived areas could help to close this gap and tackle health inequalities between regions, researchers say.
Rates of obesity vary between different regions of countries. Until now, the relative impact of genetics and lifestyle on this variability was unclear.
Scientists led by the University of Edinburgh examined health information from 11,000 people from across Scotland, to determine whether genetic factors or lifestyle differences were the cause of regional differences in obesity rates.
They looked at health traits related to obesity, including weight and body mass index (BMI), from people living in different regions.
These figures were analysed together with genetic information from DNA tests and records of lifestyle and socio-economic factors.
When the team compared data between geographical regions, they found that lifestyle factors such as smoking, alcohol, diet and other measures of deprivation, had the biggest impact on differences in obesity rates.
There are major health inequalities between regions in Scotland. People living in the most deprived areas can expect to live up to seven years less than those living in the most affluent regions.
Researchers say helping people to change their diet, activity levels and behaviour could reduce differences in obesity rates, and so help narrow the health divide between regions.
The research published in the journal Nature Communications, was funded by the Medical Research Council. Participants for the study were drawn from Generation Scotland, a research resource with health data available from more than 20,000 volunteers.
Lead researcher Professor Chris Haley, of the MRC Human Genetics Unit at the University of Edinburgh, said: "Our findings reveal that the factors that have the greatest impact on regional obesity rates can be modified. This is good news because it means we can do something about the problem and potentially narrow the health gap between areas that are least and worst affected.
"Our research supports the conclusion that if we are to understand and then reduce the causes of health inequalities, we need to take into account both genetic and lifestyle differences between individuals."
###
Tourists take selfies on the beach of Maya Bay, Phi Phi Leh island in Krabi province, Thailand, Thursday, May 31, 2018. The popular tourist destination of Maya Bay in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit)
Tourists take selfies on the beach of Maya Bay, Phi Phi Leh island in Krabi province, Thailand, Thursday, May 31, 2018. The popular tourist destination of Maya Bay in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit)
MAYA BAY, Thailand (AP) - Once a pristine Thai paradise, the secluded bay made famous by the Leonardo DiCaprio movie "The Beach" has been exhausted by mass tourism. It's now getting a break from the daily influx of dozens of boats and thousands of visitors unsuccessfully scrambling for an unspoiled view of glistening white sands and emerald waters.
Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. Thai authorities, who have promoted unfettered tourism but now claim to be striving to balance profit and conservation, say the closure will happen every year.
It's part of a rethink happening globally about unrestricted tourism that brings big dollars but damages historic sites, harms the environment and often alienates locals. Last month, the Philippines began a six-month closure of popular Boracay Island, whose waters President Rodrigo Duterte described as a "cesspool." Venice, the famed Italian lagoon city that lives off tourism, installed gates at two access bridges during a four-day holiday in April so it could turn back visitors if numbers became overwhelming.
Many of Thailand's marine national parks are closed from mid-May to mid-October during the monsoon season but because of Maya Bay's popularity, it hasn't had a break since a Hollywood crew set foot on its sands in 1999 to film the dark backpacker tale based on a novel by Alex Garland. Its corals have been decimated by the suffocating clouds of sand and sediment churned up by speedboats.
"I tried to push this campaign for many many years, but you know in Thailand we are a tourism industry country and we need a lot of money, so before not so many people listened," said Thon Thamrongnawasawat, a marine biologist and member of a government committee on development and the environment. "It should have been done 10 years ago but at least it has been done," they said.
Thailand had about 35 million international visitors last year, a five-fold increase in little more than two decades.
Shi Pengfei, among the last tourists to visit Maya Bay before its closure, said they had no idea that there would be so many people on the beach.
"I feel that there are so many people here," said Shi, from Henan, China. "The government's plan to close off the beach for a few months is only natural because the ocean needs a break, a chance to recover, so that the next generation can have a better and even more beautiful destination."
But locals aren't entirely happy. The head of Phi Phi Tourist Business Association, Watrapol Jantharo, said they were surprised when the closure was announced in March.
They said locals were under the impression that Maya Bay would only be closed to boats, while visitors would still walk to the bay from the other side of the island.
"We are not against protecting our environment," they said. "We know full well that Maya Bay is our important resource, like a rice field to a farmer, but we wish there are more communications about the government's plan before the decision was made."
Thon, however, said the plan was discussed with locals for three years before a decision was made.
"In the past, we made some mistake because we think that the money is very important. But now we are trying to change our idea," they said. Overseas visitors are "very important to our country, but the most important thing is our national resource. We have to preserve and hand it to the next generation."
The government has set a limit of 2,000 tourists a day when the bay reopens - about half the current number. Boats will no longer be allowed to anchor but must dock on the opposite side of the island.
"Now that the government has this plan, we can't change it. But we could use this opportunity to tell the world that we do not just have Maya Bay. There are 10 other beautiful beaches and islands around here that tourists can enjoy," said Watrapol.
Thailand's efforts to protect certain islands after decades of unregulated tourism began about three years ago.
Yoong Island, part of the Phi Phi island chain, and Tachai Island in the Similan Islands National Park, have been off-limits to tourists since mid-2016.
Thon, who surveyed both islands recently, said they were amazed by the results. Waters that were devoid of fish are now teeming, they said, and there is about 10,000 square meters (107,600 square feet) of newly recovered coral off one of the islands.
At Maya Bay, park rangers have been preparing a coral propagation program, attaching it to rocks that will be placed in the bay once the tourists are gone.
"We're almost certain that something good will happen in Maya Bay," Thon said.
Marquette guard Natisha Hiedeman (5) attempts to block the shot of Louisville guard Asia Durr (25) during the second half of a second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in Louisville, Ky., Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Timothy D. Easley)
Marquette guard Natisha Hiedeman (5) attempts to block the shot of Louisville guard Asia Durr (25) during the second half of a second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in Louisville, Ky., Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Timothy D. Easley)
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Shots began falling again for Myisha Hines-Allen and Asia Durr, a potent combination that has often resulted in good things for Louisville.
The duo certainly had their chances thanks to the Cardinals' aggressive philosophy that overwhelmed Marquette early and built a comfortable cushion they rode into their second consecutive Sweet 16 berth just down the road.
Hines-Allen had 24 points and 13 rebounds, Asia Durr scored 19 points and top-seeded Louisville quickly pounced on No. 8 seed Marquette on the way to a 90-72 victory Sunday in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament.
The Cardinals (34-2) advanced to their second consecutive Sweet 16 and will play 80 miles east in next weekend's regional in Lexington, Kentucky.
Hines-Allen and Durr made sure of that right away by combining for 26 points on 12-of-14 shooting in the first half after the duo totaled just 13 points in a first-round rout of Boise State. Hines-Allen made their first 10 shots and 12 of 16 overall to earn their 16th double-double this season.
Marquette could do little to stop Hines-Allen or Louisville on either end as the Cardinals outscored the Golden Eagles 60-36 in the paint.
"Our advantage was inside, and that's what we tried to do," said Hines-Allen, who had 11 defensive rebounds. "Once we got the defensive rebounds we ran in transition too, so we got a lot of open layups, open looks."
Added Marquette coach Carolyn Kieger, "We tried different schemes and tried to throw different stuff, but we're just one too many big-bodies short."
Durr meanwhile snapped out of a modest slump to finish 8 of 15 from the field and 3 of 6 from behind the arc. The junior guard yelled after making their first 3 during a 9-0 run that put Louisville ahead for good at 15-9 and went up from there.
"When they saw the ball go in, I know they felt better," Louisville coach Jeff Walz said of Durr.
Their offensive recovery keyed Louisville's 70 percent shooting effort in the first half and 64 percent for the game. The Cardinals' accuracy offset being outscored 45-38 by Marquette (24-10) after halftime.
Sam Fuehring had a career-high 19 points and eight rebounds and Jazmine Jones 14 points as the Cardinals won their ninth in a row.
Defense again was a big factor for Louisville, which dominated the rebounding margin 42-26 and disrupted Marquette's rhythm to set up chances on the other end.
Allazia Blockton had a career-high 34 points and Erika Davenport 11 for Marquette (24-10), which shot 41 percent.
BIG PICTURE
Marquette: The Golden Eagles picked up the pace in the second half, but rarely got closer than 17 points, symbolizing their game-long struggle to keep up. They rarely got good looks against the Cardinals' pressure and couldn't overcome size disadvantages in the post. One game after scoring a program-record 32 points with eight 3-pointers against Dayton, guard Natisha Hiedeman managed just nine points with one 3.
"We just lacked focus in the first half, which led us to a bad start," Hiedeman said.
Louisville: The Cardinals weren't concerned by their top scorers' recent struggles and believed that Durr and Hines-Allen - playing their home finale - would eventually knock down shots. They did, with help from Louisville's athleticism that overwhelmed Marquette. The Cardinals also had a season-high 27 assists.
SAYING GOODBYE
Durr and Fuehring teased Hines-Allen about whether she'd cry after being asked about closing their home finale. The senior forward paused and initially tried to defer answering but held their emotions in check until tearing up at the end of their response.
"I consider everyone that I've met here my family, and I hope I made a good impression on them," they said. "I am just so thankful. ..."
UP NEXT
Louisville will face the Stanford-Florida Gulf Coast winner in Friday's regional semifinal in Lexington.
Fast-forward a little more than a year later and the pair are leading Utah's linebacker corps together. Now both seniors, Tauteoli and Luafatasaga are cogs in the vaunted Utah front seven. The defensive line is considered the team's deepest position — surprise, surprise — but in order to continue on the tradition of being a run-stuffing, physically-imposing defense, the back end of that front seven can't bend or break often.
Real Madrid's struggling defence will probably have to keep Bayern Munich's deadly striker Robert Lewandowski at bay in the Bernabeu to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Real will be defending a 2-1 lead from the first leg of the quarter-final, which the Polish hitman missed with the shoulder injury that also kept them out of the German side's 0-0 draw at Bayer Leverkusen in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
However, Lewandowski trained on Sunday and is poised to return as Bayern looks for goals on Tuesday against a Real side that have kept only one clean sheet in their last 12 games.
“I'm fine. I'm very pleased I was able to take part in training today. Everything's OK,” said the Pole, who is Bayern's top scorer with 38 goals in 40 games in all competitions.
Javi Martinez is banned after their first-leg red card, while Bavaria may also be without the injured Mats Hummels and Jerome Boateng, who both missed the Leverkusen clash.
“Of the three (injured), Lewandowski has the better chance of being fit to play,” said Bayern manager Carlo Ancelotti.
“It will be very difficult in Madrid but we still have confidence. We still have an opportunity and we'll do our best.”
GOAL THREAT
Lewandowski has seven Champions League goals, level with Borussia Dortmund forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and only behind Barcelona's Lionel Messi (11) and Paris St Germain's Edinson Cavani (8).
 They are also joint top of the Bundesliga scoring charts with Aubameyang on 26 goals this season.
Lewandowski joined Bavaria from Dortmund in 2014, a few months after Real Madrid knocked the Bavarians out of the Champions League at the semi-final stage.
Bavaria were thrashed 5-0 on aggregate three years ago but Madrid's defence is weaker now than it was then.
Pepe broke two ribs in this month's Madrid derby with Atletico and misses the Bayern game along with French centre-back Raphael Varane who still has a hamstring problem.
That leaves Sergio Ramos and Nacho Fernandez as the pairing at the heart of the defence for Real, who are also without forward Gareth Bale due to their calf injury.
Madrid last kept a clean sheet against minnows Alaves on April 2 and have not looked solid at the back all season.
They beat Sporting Gijon 3-2 on Saturday but conceded two sloppy goals, needing a 90th-minute winner from Isco to help them keep title rivals Barcelona at arm's length.
“They had two chances and scored two goals,” Real coach Zinedine Zidane said after the game. “(The players) all lost concentration, we weren't switched on for the free-kick (that led to Sporting's second goal).”
The Madrid side could pay a high price for any similar slip-ups against Bayern, particularly with Lewandowski lurking.
Look at your watch. In the next hour, five Americans will die of a drug overdose.
I've been working on the issue of drug abuse prevention for more than 20 years, but I have never seen anything like the epidemic of prescription drug and heroin addiction that is gripping our state right now.
Drug overdose deaths are at record levels in Ohio and across the country, surpassing car accidents and gun violence. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, more Americans died from drug overdoses in 2015 than died from AIDS in 1995, the worst year of that epidemic.
Nearly two-thirds of these deaths are due to overdoses of opioids: prescription painkillers, heroin, and synthetic forms of heroin like fentanyl.
And it's getting worse, not better. In Ohio, overdose deaths increased by about 20 percent for the last two years in a row.
Usually the best way out of a crisis is to figure out how we got into it. In this case, a lot of it goes back to addictive prescription painkillers.
Think about this. Four out of five heroin addicts in Ohio started with prescription drugs. So if we want to deal with the heroin crisis, we've got to deal with prescription painkillers, too.
The United States uses more prescription painkillers than any other country in the world, and it's not even close. According to a report last year from the American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians, we consume nearly 70 percent of the world's painkillers, even though we're not even five percent of the world's population. For every American, there are on average 50 painkillers prescribed in this country every year.
The number of painkiller prescriptions tripled from 1991 to 2011, from 76 million to 219 million. At its height in 2012, there were more prescriptions for painkillers in Ohio than there were people in Ohio.
Fortunately we've had leadership at the state level from Governor Kasich, Lieutenant Governor Taylor, Attorney General DeWine, and the state legislature. And federal programs I've supported, including the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) program, have helped.
Through a number of initiatives, the number of painkiller prescriptions in Ohio have been reduced by 20 percent since they peaked in 2012.
But that number is still too high: according to the Ohio Board of Pharmacy, 631 million pain pills were prescribed to Ohioans last year. And every day nationwide, according to the Department of Health and Human Services, more than 650,000 prescription painkillers are dispensed and nearly 4,000 Americans abuse prescription painkillers for the first time.
So what should be done at the federal level?
First, the Administration should implement the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, which I co-authored and which passed last summer. It's an across-the-board modernization of our addiction policies, and part of what CARA does is deal with this underlying issue of overprescribing.
CARA changes the way the Veterans Affairs health system prescribes painkillers, adding more precautions to ensure that our veterans don't become addicted. CARA also authorized new funding for prescription drug monitoring programs (PDMPs)—statewide electronic databases of prescriptions for certain potentially dangerous drugs.
This new funding is critical, but we've also got to make sure that these programs are actually being used—and used in a smart way.
That's why I recently joined with Senator Amy Klobuchar to introduce new legislation called the Prescription Drug Monitoring Act, which requires any state receiving these funds to use these PDMPs the way they're supposed to be used. Under our legislation, pharmacists would have to check the PDMP before they give out a potentially dangerous drug; doctors would also check with the PDMP before they prescribe a painkiller to ensure that they're not duplicating prescriptions, and states would have to let doctors know if the PDMP sees any signs of a patient becoming addicted. The bill would also require states to share their PDMP information with each other. This is really important for states like Ohio where people can cross state lines to get prescriptions filled.
As a result of our bill, states would keep better track of prescription painkillers, keep them out of the wrong hands, and identify an addiction as early as possible so that it can be treated before it gets worse.
Our bill is a common-sense idea to ensure that taxpayer dollars are being used efficiently and to stop the over-prescribing that is behind so much of our opioid epidemic. That will prevent a lot of new addictions from starting in the first place, and save lives.
Portman http://urbanacitizen.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_portman1.jpg Portman
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Billy Stanlake has taken 3-15 off four overs to rip through NZ in the T20 tri-series opener.
Billy Stanlake has taken 3-15 off four overs to rip through NZ in the T20 tri-series opener.
Billy Stanlake announced themselves on the international stage before Australia cruised to a seven-wicket victory against New Zealand in a rain-affected opener to the Twenty20 tri-series.
After Stanlake's electrifying 3-15 helped keep New Zealand to 9-117 at the SCG, Chris Lynn (44) and Glenn Maxwell (40no) powered Australia to a revised target of 95 with 3.3 overs of the allotted 15 to spare.
Following an hour-long rain delay in the innings break, the pair came to the wicket when David Warner (6) and D'Arcy Short (4) fell early but rarely looked troubled until Lynn was caught on the boundary eight runs shy of the target.
Renowned for being two of the best T20 batsmen in the country, Lynn's 33-ball knock included six fours and one six, while Maxwell also whacked five fours and one six.
But the star of the show was Stanlake, after he'd earlier ripped through the Black Caps' top order with wickets with their first two balls and another in the second over of their opening spell.
In just their fourth international match, 23-year-old Stanlake nudged 150km/h throughout their four overs as they dismissed Colin Munro and Tom Bruce when both were on three.
Their inswinging delivery to remove Martin Guptill was their best, beating the Kiwi star all ends up and taking the top of off stump.
"He's getting quicker, he's getting taller and he's swinging the ball," said Lynn, who has seen Stanlake develop in Queensland.
"It's great for them to hit the ground running, because he's a guy who can get nervous early on so it was great for them to get early wickets.
"We're going to see them go from strength to strength with that confidence, especially in T20. We're going to see some pretty special things and we're going to see some pretty quick spells."
Such was the early dominance of Stanlake and fellow opening quick Kane Richardson (0-28), they sent down 18 dot balls in the first four overs and held New Zealand to 3-29 in the six-over powerplay.
They also helped to limit Black Caps captain Kane Williamson to the slowest innings of their 47-match international T20 career, before Andrew Tye had them caught off a leading edge at cover for eight off 20 balls.
Tye finished with 4-23, as they returned to clean up the tail and kept world No.2-ranked New Zealand to less than a run a ball in an innings for the first time since 2012.
Only Colin de Grandhomme provided any real counterattack for New Zealand, with their unbeaten 38 from 24 balls featuring three massive sixes square off Tye and Adam Zampa.
"Two wickets in (Stanlake)'s first two balls set the tone," New Zealand batsman Ross Taylor said.
"It wasn't a quick wicket but they bowled well with some good pace and he's going to be someone to watch out for in the future that's for sure."
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor Pause
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
DAKAR, Senegal (AP) — The World Food Program says five people were hurt when a small plane with its humanitarian service was involved in an accident during takeoff from a remote airstrip in Congo's Kasai region.
A United Nations statement on Wednesday says two crew members and three passengers sustained minor injuries in the accident in Kamonia.
It gives no further details, saying the cause of the crash will be investigated.
The statement says the five people have been taken to a local medical facility and a helicopter and plane have been mobilized to take them to the capital, Kinshasa for further treatment.
Comments
comments
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (AP) - A woman accused of seriously sickening their son's girlfriend by poisoning them with antifreeze has entered a plea agreement that avoids the need for them to go on trial for the second time.
Eighty-six-year-old Helen Galli of Wyoming, Pennsylvania, was convicted in 2013 and sentenced to 5½ to 12 years. They appealed and then their conviction was overturned.
Galli pleaded no contest Monday as part of an agreement with prosecutors, who are withdrawing all other charges. Prosecutors said the deal calls for a sentence of three years and three months, with credit for 1,000 days served and the balance on house arrest.
Prosecutors say Galli spiked a glass of juice with antifreeze in March 2010 and passed it to the woman, who was left near death and spent months recovering.
ASTANA (Sputnik) — On Wednesday, the Kazakh Foreign Ministrysaid that the beginning of the Astana talks on Syrian settlement will begin on Thursday.
"The Russian delegation is planning to meet the Turkish delegation before the beginning of the plenary session," the source said.
The talks in Astana have been originally scheduled for February 15-16 in behind-closed-doors format followed by a joint news conference with participation of representatives from attending delegations.
© AFP 2016/ Kirill KUDRYAVTSEV First Day of Syria Talks in Astana to Be Held Behind Closed Doors
Delegations from Russia, Iran, Syrian government and invited UN officials have already arrived in Astana.
The United States will be represented by the US Embassy in Kazakhstan.
The first round of Astana talks on Syrian crisis settlement brought together the representatives of the Syrian government and the armed opposition groups for the first time in the six years of the Syrian war. As a result of the talks, Russia, Iran and Turkey agreed to establish a trilateral mechanism to monitor the ceasefire that came into effect on December 30, 2016.
New York, NY -- October 5, 2017 -- A team led by Cory Dean, assistant professor of physics at Columbia University, and James Hone, Wang Fong-Jen Professor of Mechanical Engineering at Columbia Engineering, has definitively observed an intensely studied anomaly in condensed matter physics -- the even-denominator fractional quantum Hall (FQH) state--via transport measurement in bilayer graphene. The study is published online today in Science (October 6 issue).
"Observing the 5/2 state in any system is a remarkable scientific opportunity, since it encompasses some of the most perplexing concepts in modern condensed matter physics, such as emergence, quasi-particle formation, quantization, and even superconductivity," Dean says. "Our observation that, in bilayer graphene, the 5/2 state survives to much higher temperatures than previously thought possible not only allows us to study this phenomenon in new ways, but also shifts our view of the FQH state from being largely a scientific curiosity to now having great potential for real-world applications, particularly in quantum computing."
First discovered in the 1980s in gallium arsenide (GaAs) heterostructures, the 5/2 fractional quantum hall state remains the singular exception to the otherwise strict rule that says fractional quantum hall states can only exist with odd denominators. Soon after the discovery, theoretical work suggested that this state could represent an exotic type of superconductor, notable in part for the possibility that such a phase could enable a fundamentally new approach to quantum computation. However, confirmation of these theories has remained elusive, largely due to the fragile nature of the state; in GaAs it is observable only in the highest quality samples and even then appearing only at milikelvin temperaures (as much as 10,000 times colder than the freezing point of water).
The Columbia team has now observed this same state in bilayer graphene and appearing at much higher temperatures??reaching several Kelvin. "While it's still 100 times colder than the freezing point of water, seeing the even-denominator state at these temperatures opens the door to a whole new suite of experimental tools that previously were unthinkable," says Dean. "After several decades of effort by researchers all over the world, we may finally be close to solving the mystery of the 5/2."
One of the outstanding problems in the field of modern condensed matter physics is understanding the phenomenon of "emergence," the result of a large collection of quantum particles behaving in concert due to interactions between the particles and giving rise to new characteristics that are not a feature of the individual parts. For instance, in superconductors, a large number of electrons all collapse to a single quantum state, which can then propagate through a metal without any energy loss. The fractional quantum Hall effect is another state in which electrons collude with one another, in the presence of a magnetic field, resulting in quasiparticles with potentially exotic quantum properties.
Very difficult to predict theoretically, emergence often challenges our foundational understanding of how particles behave. For example, since any two electrons have the same charge, we think of electrons as objects that want to repel each other. However, in a superconducting metal, electrons unexpectedly pair up, forming a new object known as a cooper pair. Individual electrons scatter when moving through a metal, giving rise to resistance, but spontaneously formed cooper pairs behave collectively in such a way that they move through the material with no resistance at all.
"Think of trying to make your way through a crowd at a rock concert where everyone is dancing with a lot of energy and constantly bumping into you, compared to a ballroom dance floor where pairs of dancers are all moving in the same, carefully choreographed way, and it is easy to avoid each other," says Dean. "One of the reasons that makes the even-denominator fractional quantum Hall effect so fascinating is that its origin is believed to be very similar to that of a superconductor, but, instead of simply forming cooper pairs, an entirely new kind of quantum particle emerges."
According to quantum mechanics, elementary particles fall into two categories, Fermions and Bosons, and behave in very different ways. Two Fermions, such as electrons, cannot occupy the same state, which is why, for example, the electrons in atoms fill successive orbitals. Bosons, such as photons, or particles of light, can occupy the same state, allowing them to act coherently as in the light emission from a laser. When two identical particles are interchanged, the quantum mechanical wave-function describing their combined state is multiplied by a phase factor of 1 for Bosons, and -1 for Fermions.
Soon after the discovery of the fractional quantum hall effect, it was suggested on theoretical grounds that the quasiparticles associated with this state behave neither as Bosons nor Fermions but instead what is called an anyon: when anyon quasiparticles are interchanged, the phase factor is neither 1 nor -1 but is fractional. Despite several decades of effort, there still is no conclusive experimental proof confirming that these quasiparticles are anyons. The 5/2 state?a non-abelian anyon?is thought to be even more exotic. In theory, non-abelian anyons obey anyonic statistics as in other fractional quantum Hall states, but with the special feature that this phase cannot simply be undone by reversing the process. This inability to simply unwind the phase would make any information stored in the system uniquely stable, and is why many people believe the 5/2 could be a great candidate for quantum computation.
"Demonstration of the predicted 5/2 statistics would represent a tremendous achievement," says Dean. "In many regards, this would confirm that, by fabricating a material system with just the right thickness and just the right number of electrons, and then applying just the right magnetic fields, we could effectively engineer fundamentally new classes of particles, with properties that do not otherwise exist among known particles naturally found in the universe. We still have no conclusive evidence that the 5/2 state exhibits non-abelian properties, but our discovery of this state in bilayer graphene opens up exciting new opportunities to test these theories."
Until now, all of those conditions have needed to be not only just right but also extreme. In conventional semi-conductors, the even-denominator states are very difficult to isolate, and exist only for ultra-pure materials, at extremely low temperatures and high magnetic fields. While certain features of the state have been observable devising experiments that could investigate the state without destroying it, has been challenging.
"We needed a new platform," says Hone. "With the successful isolation of graphene, these atomically thin layers of carbon atoms emerged as a promising platform for the study of electrons in 2D in general. One of the keys is that electrons in graphene interact even more strongly than in conventional 2D electron systems, theoretically making effects such as the even-denominator state even more robust. But while there have been predictions that bilayer graphene could host the long-sought even-denominator states, at higher temperatures than seen before, these predictions have not been realized due mostly the difficulty of making graphene clean enough."
The Columbia team built on many years of pioneering work to improve the quality of graphene devices, creating ultra-clean devices entirely from atomically flat 2D materials: bilayer graphene for the conducting channel, hexagonal boron nitride as a protective insulator, and graphite used for electrical connections and as a conductive gate to change the charge carrier density in the channel.
A crucial component of the research was having access to the high magnetic fields tools available at the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory in Tallahassee, Fla., a nationally funded user facility with which Hone and Dean have had extensive collaborations. They studied the electrical conduction through their devices under magnetic fields up to 34 Tesla, and achieved clear observation of the even-denominator states.
"By tilting the sample with respect to the magnetic field, we were able to provide new confirmation that this FQH state has many of the properties predicted by theory, such as being spin-polarized," says Jia Li, the paper's lead author and post-doctoral researcher working with Dean and Hone. "We also discovered that in bilayer graphene, this state can be manipulated in ways that are not possible in conventional materials."
The Columbia team's result, which demonstrates measurement in transport--how electrons flow in the system--is a crucial step forward towards confirming the possible exotic origin of the even denominator state. Their findings are reported contemporaneously with a similar report by a research group at University of California, Santa Barbara. The UCSB study observed the even denominator state by capacitance measurement, which probes the existence of an electrical gap associated with the onset of the state.
The team expects that the robust measurements they have now observed in bilayer graphene will enable new experiments that could definitively prove its non-abelian nature. Once this is established, the team hopes to begin demonstrating computation using the even denominator state.
"For many decades now it has been thought that if the 5/2 state does indeed represent a non-abelian anyon, it could theoretically revolutionize efforts to build a quantum computer," Dean observes. "In the past, however, the extreme conditions necessary to see the state at all, let alone use it for computation, were always a major concern of practicality. Our results in bilayer graphene suggest that this dream may now not actually be so far from reality."
###
About the Study
The study is titled "Even denominator fractional quantum Hall states in bilayer graphene."
The other authors include: J.I.A. Li and Y. Zeng (Department of Physics, Columbia University), C. Tan (Department of Mechanical Engineering, Columbia Engineering), S. Chen, Department of Applied Physics and Applied Mathematics, Columbia Engineering), and T. Taniguchi and K. Watanabe (National Institute for Materials Science, Japan).
This work was supported by the National Science Foundation (DMR-1507788). C.R.D acknowledges partial support by the David and Lucille Packard Foundation. T.C is supported by INDEX. A portion of this work was performed at the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory, which is supported by National Science Foundation Cooperative Agreement No. DMR-1157490 and the State of Florida. The authors declare no financial or other conflicts of interest.
LINKS:
Paper: http://science. sciencemag. org/ lookup/ doi/ 10. 1126/ science. aao2521
DOI: 10.1126/science.aao2521
http://science. sciencemag. org/
http://physics. columbia. edu/ people/ profile/ 646
http://hone. mech. columbia. edu/
http://engineering. columbia. edu/
Columbia Engineering
Columbia Engineering is one of the top engineering schools in the U.S. and one of the oldest in the nation. Based in New York City, the School offers programs to both undergraduate and graduate students who undertake a course of study leading to the bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree in engineering and applied science. Columbia Engineering's nine departments offer 16 majors and more than 30 minors in engineering and the liberal arts, including an interdisciplinary minor in entrepreneurship with Columbia Business School. With facilities specifically designed and equipped to meet the laboratory and research needs of faculty and students, Columbia Engineering is home to a broad array of basic and advanced research initiatives, from the Columbia Nano Initiative to the Columbia Genome Center. These interdisciplinary centers in science and engineering, big data, nanoscience, and genomic research are leading the way in their respective fields while our engineers and scientists collaborate across the University to solve theoretical and practical problems in many other significant areas.
NEW YORK — U.S. authorities said a 19-year-old Canadian pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges in connection with what they call an ISIS-inspired plot to target landmarks in New York City more than a year ago, including Times Square and the city's subway system.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York says the Canadian, identified as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, of Mississauga, Ont., has been in custody since the FBI arrested them in New Jersey in May 2016.
The arrests were first announced Friday following a court's unsealing of federal terrorism charges against the three men.
The other two accused are identified as Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old U.S. citizen residing in Pakistan, and Russell Salic, 37, from the Philippines.
U.S. authorities allege the three men communicated through Internet messaging applications, allegedly plotting to carry out bombing and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in 2016.
They also allege that while in Canada, El Bahnasawy purchased bomb-making materials and helped secure a cabin within driving distance of New York City to use for building the explosive devices and staging the attacks.
El Bahnasawy and Haroon began communicating with an undercover FBI agent posing as an ISIS supporter, and declared their allegiance to the terror group.
The release says El Bahnasawy stated to the agent that "[t]hese Americans need an attack" and that they aspired to "create the next 9/11" with plans to come to New York from Canada.
The statement also says they sent the agent a photo of Times Square, saying, "[W]e seriously need a car bomb at times square. . Look at these crowds of people!"
The RCMP issued a statement saying it collaborated with the FBI in the investigation that led to El Bahnasawy's arrest.
× Shop Like A Designerlebrity
We've all heard of the famous interior designers such a Nate Berkus and Joanna Gaines but how you would like to be able to shop like them as a designerlebrity? Creator of designerlebrity.com, Barbara Viteri, joins me in studio to spotlight these famous interior designers and also learn to shop just like them.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"Not only do celebrity interior designers have fabulous taste but they write books, they create products so I brought some big and beautiful coffee table books, that you can use as decor but also open up for inspiration when creating your space.
Designers like to get a bit corky with their products, so this lamp is a bit shady! They're not going with the traditional white frame or thin vase lamp. They are actually going Ashley Graham level; the bigger, the bolder and with lots of personality. This lamp has that pop of green bold color.
Stemless wine glasses are all the rage right now, and now that is extending to champagne flutes. The ones I have here come from designerlebrity Bunny Williams, she's all about making sure you get about 25% extra champagne in your glass and minus the stem as much as we can. We won't complain about that!
Now let's talk about gold touches.... We are familiar with the candy dish at home, the problem was that it's always been this crystal chunk of glass and so Bunny Williams has created the 'turtle dish' which is loads of fun. So it's a conversational piece, it's corky and lots of fun to have in the house. Most importantly we love how it's hidden but still holds the candy.
Designerlebrity Miles Redd created a table for your coffee table. So it's a beautiful riser which is great and coffee tables have been made really low so it's nice to get a little bit of height to reach for that coffee or martini if you have to.
This next product is epic, so we have a lot of outdoor parties and summer is still around so if we want to create statement on a bar cart, this gold pineapple is actually an ice bucket. This is a beautiful sculptured piece to put on a bar cart to serve your drinks. Dressing up the ice.
We are always hiding our trash bin and so why not create a beautiful shopping sculptural display to put your trash in or what I like to use it for on the side of my reading chair to put my books, my magazines and it's just a nice decorative piece, just throw everything in it."
If viewers want to find out about of these products, head to Designerlebrity.com. This Hollywood reporter-esque site will give you the dish on celebrity interior designers and where you can get all their fabulous products.
Nicks Law Firm on Hwy. 49 in Gulfport is one of several businesses hoping that a resolution before the City Council will lead to an answer to the flooding problems near 18th Street. (Photo Source: WLOX)
On Tuesday, the Gulfport City Council will consider a resolution to study the chronic flooding problems near 18th Street and Highway 49.
The prospect has some weary business owners optimistic about this big step toward progress.
Sand bags are ever present at Nicks Law Firm on Highway 49.
“We keep them on deck at all times,” said Tamera Parker, the firm's intake specialist. “We have them at the front door and at the back door."
For years, the firm has been located central to an area that is prone to flooding, even in nominal storms. “The waters come up above the sidewalk and then as the big trucks come through, it pushes the water into the building,” Parker said. “There was a situation where the waters came up so high until we had to wade to our cars.”
Area businesses have long complained that the flooding may be caused ditches not being cleaned out and undeveloped landscaping.
An engineering project would include research that further investigates the issue. The resolution would award the firm Neel-Schaffer of Jackson to make environmental studies, field surveying, roadway and pedestrian designs and construction plans.
Temporary mitigation is necessary due to the long process.
“We really don't have a choice because this is prime location,” Parker said. “We really want to be here. So we are willing to wait it out and just do what we need to do to make sure that the building is secure, our furniture is good and also our vehicles.”
Stephen Holden, manager of Magnolia Printing and Signs First, said he's been lucky. “It's been very close a couple of times,” they said. “It's kind of developed over the past few years to where it'll come up right to our front door.”
“It's important,” Holden said. “I'm sure it's a larger problem than we realize and that's probably why it's taken so long. I know they'll take care of it so the businesses will be protected from just the average rain storm.”
The project would be funded 100 percent by the Mississippi Development Authority using Katrina Community Development Block Grant Funds.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Texas bomber strikes against with deadly attack The West Australian
Neighbourhoods are in lockdown and residents are being warned to stay away from suspicious packages.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Kansas State spring game was held this past Saturday, April 21st and the quarterback battle didn't move the needle to either quarterback.
Bill Snyder spoke Tuesday on the Big 12 Teleconference and was asked did either quarterback take a lead in the race for the starter.
Snyder's response was “it is dead even.” They did mention that “You always would like to have a starter, It would be our intent to go into the season that way. The two of them are very capable.”
Snyder also addresses the NFL draft coming up, the red-shirt rule that was tabled this past season plus more.
DNA testing at Forensic Laboratory to be a reality soon
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
Speaking recently with media operatives, Minister of Public Security Khemraj Ramjattan revealed that the procurement process to acquire equipment for Forensic Laboratory has been approved. The Minister disclosed the equipment costs fall within the vicinity of US$1M and was provided for by Citizen Security Strengthening Programme (CSSP) of the Ministry of Public Security.
Minister Ramjattan also disclosed that over the next six to seven months, the laboratory, located at Turkeyen, will have its security upgraded to safeguard the integrity of the exhibits, ventilation works completed and the certified training of staff who will be conducting various forensic tests.
Minister Ramjattan explained, “The Americans experts, through their ambassador indicated that we haven't as yet reached the stage for that quality of DNA testing. And we had to wait until we get all the other things fixed, the infrastructural work, the integrity system and the ventilation system because these exhibits have to be maintained at a certain temperature and also the design of that original lab wasn't there yet.”
The Public Security Minister said it is disappointing that this was not yet achieved. He, however, emphasised that the “accreditation and the certification, will come when we get it one hundred percent fixed.”
Minister Ramjattan opined that much of the laboratory's ‘design work' was incorrectly done previously. This resulted in the government being forced to recall the Barbadian expert, to conduct an assessment of the facility as it currently stood. Subsequent to their findings, they added, reconstructive works began.
The Guyana Forensic Science Laboratory (GFSL) is a government initiative with the long-term goal of providing quality laboratory service to support forensic and non-forensic investigations. The GFSL offers forensic analysis on samples related to criminal investigations in the areas of toxicology, questioned documents analysis, trace evidence and chemical analysis and non-forensic laboratory testing relating to matters not associated with criminal investigations.
By: Natasha Smith
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
PITTSBURGH (AP) - Carnegie Mellon University will hire a researcher from the Library of Congress to help it decode a collection that includes two WWII German Enigma machines.
The university wants to encourage the study of 19th and 20th century computers, calculators, encryption machines and other materials related to the history of computer science.
"When we look back and we see this, we see who we remember," Andrew Moore, dean of CMU's School of Computer Science, said, adding their students are increasingly asking for courses about the history of the field. "We see people who took technology to save lives and save the world."
Pamela McCorduck, a prolific author on the history and future of artificial intelligence and the widow of Joseph Traub, a renowned computer scientist and the former head of CMU's Computer Science Department, permanently loaned to the university a collection of early computers, books and letters. The collection, anchored by a three-rotor and four-rotor Enigma machine, is on display in the Fine and Rare Book Room in CMU's Hunt Library in Oakland. The gift makes CMU one of a few institutions in the United States with Enigma machines. Even fewer display them.
McCorduck said they hope the collection shows students that computer science has a history of not only of inventions, innovations and breakthroughs but of the people surrounding them.
"I hope that it enhances everyone's understanding of where this field comes from," McCorduck said. "It has a wonderful, rich history."
Moore said they ask each first-year student in the School of Computer Science to see the Traub and McCorduck collection at the library. They said they hope it will persuade new students to study computer science not just to go off to work at Facebook or some other big tech company mainly focused on entertainment but to aspire to do something with real impact.
Keith Webster, dean of CMU's libraries, announced the university's intent to hire the researcher at the conclusion of a discussion Thursday about the collection, McCorduck and Traub's contributions to computer science, WWII codebreaking and artificial intelligence. The panel, moderated by Webster, included McCorduck; Mary Shaw, a renowned computer science professor at CMU; and Julia Parsons, who graduated from Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1942 and worked as a codebreaker for the Navy during WWII.
"We were day after day trying to decide what was in the messages," Parsons said. "And sometimes we got it and sometimes we didn't."
Parsons worked on figuring out how to set up the Enigma machine each day to decode messages sent to German U-Boats. They were there when codebreakers picked up on the weather forecast crib that helped bust the German encryption wide open.
"It helped bring about the end of the war," Parsons said.
Moore thanked Parsons for their work. Their parents grew up in Britain during the war, had their homes destroyed by Nazi bombs and barely escaped with their lives, Moore said. They spoke about the end of the war as the most important and extraordinary moment in their lives.
"It was heroes like you that did that," Moore said.
___
Online:
https://bit.ly/2F83Xeo
___
Information from: Tribune-Review, http://triblive.com
UNITED NATIONS (AP) - The U.N. human rights chief told an informal meeting of the Security Council Monday that the Syrian government's five-year siege of the Damascus suburbs of eastern Ghouta has involved "pervasive war crimes," use of chemical weapons and starvation as a weapon of war.
High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein was blocked from addressing a formal council meeting by a Russian procedural maneuver, but they delivered their hard-hitting speech to an open meeting anyway, decrying "mind-numbing crimes" committed by all parties in Syria using "unlawful methods of warfare."
They said multiple parties to the conflict, now in its eighth year, "claim to justify their military offensives based on their struggle against terrorism."
But Zeid said "never before have the campaigns against terrorism been used more often to justify the unconscionable use of force against civilians than in the last few months in Syria."
They were especially critical of Syria, singling out President Bashar Assad's claim that their government makes every effort to protect civilians.
The U.N.'s top human rights official dismissed it, saying: "When you are capable of torturing and indiscriminately killing your own people, you have long forfeited your own credibility."
Zeid pointed to eastern Ghouta as an example.
"The siege of eastern Ghouta by the Syrian government forces, half a decade long, has involved pervasive war crimes, the use of chemical weaponry, enforced starvation as a weapon of warfare, and the denial of essential and life-saving aid," they said.
Zeid said this has culminated "in the current relentless, month-long bombardment of hundreds of thousands of terrified trapped civilians."
"Families are now streaming out of the area," they said, "but many civilians fear reprisals will be taken against them for their perceived support for opposition groups."
Zeid stressed that "those who have perpetrated and are still perpetrating these mind-numbing crimes committed in Syria must be made to answer before a properly constituted court of law."
"This must be assured and made non-negotiable - for the victims," they said, but also for the legitimacy of the U.N. and the Security Council, and to prevent future violations and advance human rights around the world.
They again urged the council to refer Syria to the International Criminal Court.
That remains highly unlikely, however, since both Russia and China vetoed a resolution backed by more than 60 countries in May 2014 that would have referred the Syrian conflict to the ICC.
Zeid also said justice and respect for human rights must be at the center of any peace talks.
"No settlement which shields the perpetrators from prosecution is worth discussing, simply because such a settlement would be utterly empty," they said. "For peace in Syria to be meaningful and lasting, a guarantee of justice for the Syrian people must be assured."
Zeid had been scheduled to speak at an open council meeting Monday afternoon, but when it started, Russian Deputy Ambassador Gennady Kuzmin protested that it was a question for the Human Rights Council in Geneva, not the Security Council, which is charged with ensuring international peace and security.
They demanded a procedural vote on whether the meeting should be held.
To proceed, at least nine of the 15 council members had to vote "yes," but only eight did so. Four countries voted "no" - Russia, China, Bolivia and Kazakhstan - while the three African countries, Ethiopia, Ivory Coast and Equitorial Guinea abstained.
Longtime U.N. observers said it was exceedingly rare for a scheduled council meeting to be halted by a procedural vote.
France's U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre criticized Russia for refusing any discussion of human rights in the Security Council, when rights violations in Syria "are at their very peak."
Britain's deputy U.N. ambassador Jonathan Allen said Russia "doesn't want the truth of ... the appalling human rights abuses taking place."
But they said: "We mustn't let them silence us."
Happy Monday. President Donald Trump denounced the “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides” in Charlottesville, Va. They did not, though, condemn the white supremacists by name. And now the White House is facing backlash over the statement. [WaPost]
Dolce & Gabbana has released “#BoycottDolceGabbana” t-shirts in response to left-wing activists who threatened to boycott the company over their approval of Melania Trump.
“First Lady Melania Trump has always been a fan of the brand, and seems to favor it even more now that she's become First Lady,” reported W Magazine last week. “She wore numerous D&G get-ups throughout their husband's first overseas tour as president, including a pricey floral jacket.”
“Stefano Gabbana, one half of the brand's creative braintrust, loves Trump right back,” they continued, before explaining that “Anytime Trump is spotted in a Dolce number they post pictures of it on their Instagram, usually with a ‘thank you,' some heart emojis, and the hashtag #DGWoman.”
@flotus ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ #DGWoman ❤️❤️❤️ THANK YOU 🇺🇸🇹 A post shared by stefanogabbana (@stefanogabbana) on Jun 12, 2017 at 1:58pm PDT
So after some threats from disgruntled left-wing users, Dolce & Gabanna has now released their own boycott t-shirts to the public.
Dolce&Gabbana boycotts itself. #BoycottDolceGabbana t-shirts available from tomorrow on our Online Store. Photo by Nello Esposito A post shared by Dolce & Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Jun 8, 2017 at 1:38pm PDT
#Repost @stefanogabbana Boycott, boycott, boycott! Re-live the moments of #BoycottDolceGabbana The #BoycottDolceGabbana t-shirt is available on the Online Store tomorrow! A post shared by Dolce & Gabbana (@dolcegabbana) on Jun 8, 2017 at 1:36pm PDT
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ #boycottdolcegabbana online A post shared by stefanogabbana (@stefanogabbana) on Jun 11, 2017 at 3:39am PDT
After being criticized for dressing the First Lady in April, Gabbana told protesting users to “f*ck off” and “go to hell,” calling them “ignorant” for threatening to boycott the company.
When other users claimed that they would never buy a Dolce & Gabbana product again, Gabbana also replied “I don't care. Really!!”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
LifeWay Christian Resources is looking ahead to a newly revised Bible translation and a new corporate headquarters, leaders told trustees this week.
Photo by Aaron Earls
Thom S. Rainer, president and CEO of LifeWay Christian Resources, addresses LifeWay trustees during their meeting Feb. 6-7.
At their semiannual meeting Feb. 6-7, trustees received copies of LifeWay's new Christian Standard Bible (CSB), which is online now and will be available at LifeWay Stores and other retail outlets in March.
“We're honored to have a Bible translation our own denomination is a part of flight attendanting,” said Eric Geiger, vice president of LifeWay's Resources Division. Southern Baptist scholars Tom Schreiner and David Allen led the multi-denominational translation oversight committee.
The CSB, a revision of the Holman Christian Standard Bible, focuses on both accuracy and ease of reading, Geiger said. “You don't have to choose between the two.” See related story.
In their report to trustees, LifeWay President and CEO Thom S. Rainer highlighted progress toward a new corporate headquarters. LifeWay sold its current site in downtown Nashville in late 2015 and is building a more modern facility in nearby Capitol View, a mixed-use urban development that will include apartments, retail, offices, a hotel and a park.
“This is the cutting edge of downtown Nashville,” Rainer said. LifeWay expects to move 1,100 employees to the new building before the end of the year.
Though the building will be new, it preserves LifeWay's history and values, Rainer said. They pointed out details on architectural renderings: “Those stained-glass windows are coming directly from our chapel, to remind us of the heritage we had in Van Ness Auditorium for so many years. Right above those steps, you see John 14:6. There will be historically significant items throughout these floors, and there will be scripture prominent everywhere.”
Artist's rendering of LifeWay Christian Resources' proposed new building near Nashville's central business district.
The new building will also include a LifeWay Christian Store, with street frontage and an entrance from the lobby. LifeWay's previous store in downtown Nashville closed after the property was sold.
Jerry Rhyne, CFO and vice president of finance and business services, reported a solid financial performance for 2016. Geiger noted the popularity of War Room the movie and its accompanying Bible study by brothers Alex and Stephen Kendrick, and strong results in 2016 for Fuge Camps, B&H Academic and global markets.
Rainer emphasized LifeWay's need to adapt quickly in a fast-changing world. They traced the history of LifeWay, noting how church practices continue to change and how technology is evolving.
“The pace of LifeWay is fast,” they told the trustees. “Urgency is our constant theme. We cannot at all afford complacency.”
They pledged LifeWay will learn from churches and serve them with excellence while refusing to compromise God's truth.
“These are challenging times, but they are also times of the greatest opportunity yet,” Rainer said. “And so we move into the future with confidence.”
In other action, the trustees:
Nominated Ron Edmondson , pastor of Immanuel Baptist Church in Lexington, Ky., to fill a vacancy on the board.
, pastor of Immanuel Baptist Church in Lexington, Ky., to fill a vacancy on the board. Learned LifeWay has received a “clean audit” from outside auditor LBMC. The audits covered LifeWay's operations, pension plan and post-retirement benefits plan. LifeWay also received a clean PCI (Payment Card Industry) audit for its handling of customers' bank credit card activity.
Discussed and approved responses to two motions referred to LifeWay by the Southern Baptist Convention during last summer's meeting. The responses, regarding news coverage of trustee meetings and preservation of Southern Baptist Convention history, will be reported to the 2017 SBC meeting June 13-14 in Phoenix.
Recognized five trustees who are ending their board service in June. They are Beth Guffin, of Birmingham, Ala.; Alan Hayes, of Mt. Juliet, Tenn.; David Horner, of Raleigh, N.C.; Blake Lindley, of Norman, Okla.; and Peter MacMaster, of Healy, Alaska.
Heard reports from each of LifeWay's vice presidents regarding progress and plans for ministry advance.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Lisa Cannon Green is a writer for LifeWay Christian Resources.)
Swallow was an equal partner, prosecutors contend, in a triangular criminal enterprise that comprised him, Shurtleff and the late "fixer" Tim Lawson — a trio who solicited money and favors from Utah business executives in exchange for legal cover or protection from the attorney general's office.
A prime target of that scheme, prosecutors say, was Marc Sessions Jenson, who has testified to being coerced by Shurtleff into paying Lawson about a quarter of a million dollars for help in resolving a 2005 criminal case.
Jenson's longtime friend and employee Paul Nelson testified Tuesday to witnessing the alleged extortion scheme, but they couldn't say that Swallow played a role.
"Did you think John Swallow was a part of the scam?" defense attorney Scott C. Williams asked Nelson under cross-examination.
"I don't think so," Nelson replied.
Similarly, Williams pressed Jenson's personal assistant, Peter Torres, on whether they had cut checks for Swallow the way they had for Lawson each month between 2007 and 2010, and whether Swallow was someone who might persuade Shurtleff to drop Jenson's criminal case.
"John Swallow was not a conduit for us," Torres said, adding that no money was paid to Swallow from Jenson's accounts.
Torres, who worked for Jenson from 2000 to 2010, also testified that they never saw or was told by others that Swallow tried to shake down Jenson for money. The former Republican attorney general was also never paid for any legal services, Torres said, though Swallow turned up at Jenson's office, looking for work when they were a lawyer in private practice.
Swallow, 54, pleaded not guilty to 13 felony and misdemeanor charges, including counts of racketeering, bribery, accepting prohibited gifts, making false statements or records, obstructing justice, and tampering with evidence.
If convicted by the jury, Swallow could face up to 30 years in prison.
The charges grew out of a multiyear investigation into allegations of a pay-to-play climate inside the Utah attorney general's office before and after Swallow was in office.
Shurtleff was originally charged as Swallow's co-defendant in 2014, but the cases were separated and Shurtleff's case was dismissed in 2016. Lawson was charged in a separate case, but they died in August.
Prosecutors fought for — and won — the permission to use witness testimony about Shurtleff and Lawson in the trial, and they say it supports the second-degree felony racketeering charge Swallow faces.
Nelson and Torres said Tuesday that they knew in 2009 that Swallow would be the next attorney general. It was "common knowledge," Nelson said, and something that Swallow told people.
Wire transfers from Jenson to Lawson also were the subject of testimony from an FBI forensic accountant who combed through the financial records gathered in the case.
By Nidhi Verma NEW DELHI, May 2 India plans to order about a quarter less Iranian crude oil than it bought last year, people familiar with the matter said, as state refiners cut term purchase deals over a row between New Delhi and Tehran on development of a natural gas field. The drop in volumes follows India's threat to order state refiners - Hindustan Petroleum, Bharat Petroleum , Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd, and Indian Oil Corp - to reduce purchases from Iran if an Indian consortium is not awarded the rights to develop Iran's huge Farzad B natural gas field. The volume cuts would put India's imports of Iranian crude for this fiscal year at 370,000 barrels per day (bpd), according to the sources with knowledge of the planned deals. India is Iran's top oil client after China, and last year imported about 510,000 bpd of crude from the country, according to shipping data in Thomson Reuters Eikon. The reduced 2017/2018 imports include 199,000 bpd by state refiners, a decline of about a third from last year, the sources said. Private refiners Essar and HPCL-Mittal Energy Ltd (HMEL) have renewed last year's term contracts to buy 120,000 bpd and 20,000 bpd, respectively, they said. Most of the state refiners did not respond to queries on the matter, while Essar Oil, MRPL and HMEL declined comment. India's oil ministry also said it had no immediate comment. Analysts said apart from the gas-field row, India is also taking advantage of a narrow price spread between European oil benchmark Brent and Middle East price-setter Dubai crude, which makes it attractive to bring more oil from Europe into Asia. "Brent-related crudes are cheaper and sweeter than medium to heavy grades from the Middle East," said Ehsan ul Haq of KBC Energy Economics. Also, Russia's Rosneft may start bringing more non-Iranian crude, likely from Venezuela, to India after buying Essar Oil's Vadinar refinery. Not all of India's refiners plan to scale back orders from Iran, though. Private refiner Reliance Industries signed its first Iranian deal in seven years to buy 30,000 bpd of heavy Forozan crude oil, one of the sources said. India's overall crude demand is around 4.6 million bpd, third highest in the world behind the United States and China. It was one of the few countries that continued to deal with Iran despite international sanctions that were in place until 2016. Following are the details of India's planned imports from Iran in 2017/18. Volumes are in '000 bpd and do not include condensate. Company Import Plan Actual Term Deal 2017/18 2016/17 2016/17 Essar 120 165 120 Reliance 30 32 -- (from Jan. 1, 2017) HMEL 20 17 20 BPCL 10 19 20 IOC 80 119 120 MRPL 99 129 120 HPCL 10 29 20 TOTAL 369 511 420 Note: The total does not include about 30,000 bpd of condensate imported from Iran by Reliance and Essar. (Reporting by Nidhi Verma; Editing by Henning Gloystein and Tom Hogue)
ARGAN obtains approval to buy back or sell up to 10% of own shares (KSE) Date: 23 Apr 2018 Alargan International Real Estate Co. announced that Capital Markets Authority approved, on April 19, 2018, its request to buy back or sell up to 10% of own shares over a period of 6 months commencing date of approval.
Sweden Democrats leader Jimmie Åkesson has triggered strong reactions by distancing themselves from a biological view of the Swedish people. According to Åkesson, one's background and appearance is only secondary to one's ability to adapt and work out a common national identity.
In an interview with Swedish Radio, Jimmie Åkesson, the leader of the right-wing Sweden Democrats, has resolutely dissociated themselves from strictly biological characteristics defining the Swedish nation. According to Åkesson, Sweden won't return to being a country of the "blonde and blue-eyed" within the foreseeable future, and doesn't even consider it desirable.
Instead, they argued, adapting oneself to the Swedish way of life is enough to belong to the Swedish nation. One's background or birthplace doesn't really matter, they claimed.
"We are in favor of an open Swedish identity, in which one can actually become Swedish. I've never regarded a people as purely biological, it's more about a group of people with a common identity," Åkesson explained.
According to Åkesson, Sweden will never return to the state of Bullerbyn, a fictional village from the children's writer Astrid Lindgren, whose depiction has indirectly coined the term "Bullerby Syndrome" denoting an idealization of Sweden as a rural place with positive associations, wooden houses and blond people.
"We will not come back to a situation where all Swedes are blond and blue-eyed. And nor is that desirable, it's unimportant," Åkesson explained.
READ MORE: Swedish Christ Dems Propose Paying Off Migrants to Leave Sweden
Instead, they continued, the goal is to build as cohesive and conflict-free a society as possible. There should be a high degree of assimilation, they said, where everyone becomes part of the Swedish people.
"If you come here, you have to adapt to the majority regarding basic standards and values," Åkesson pointed out.
In their address to the nation on Swedish national broadcaster SVT, Åkesson stressed that immigration to Sweden will continue even with the Sweden Democrats calling the shots.
"Sweden has always had immigration and always will. Even when I and the Sweden Democrats get to decide, we will have immigration. But it must be an immigration that is strictly regulated and never exceeds what our society can handle."
READ MORE: 73 Percent of Swedes Think Integration Has Flopped, 6 in 10 Want Fewer Refugees
Åkesson's take on "Swedishness" has triggered a lively debate on Flashback, the nation's most popular forum, with many users admitted that they don't regard immigrants as "fully Swedish" and some people of foreign descent admitting they haven't been striving to become it.
While many users tweeted their support for Åkesson, their election strategy also gathered a lot of reproach.
​William Hahne of the rivaling right-wing party Alternative for Sweden (AfS) ventured that Åkesson once again "denied the existence of ethnic Swedes." "This is yet another tangible example of why AfS is needed," they tweeted.
Återigen förnekar Åkesson existensen av etniska svenskar. Det här är ännu ett påtagligt exempel på varför Alternativ för Sverige behövs. Vi kommer aldrig att vara rädda för att stå upp för det sunda förnuftet och kalla en spade för en spade! #afs2018 https://t.co/fnprubkYVV — William Hahne (AfS) (@William_Hahne) May 29, 2018
​Until the advent of the Alternative for Sweden, which was founded earlier this year by maverick Sweden Democrats, Åkesson's party used to be the most right-wing on Sweden's political landscape.
With the AfS striving to gain momentum as a "mass deportation party," some Swedes have ventured that the Sweden Democrats have become "watered down." Nevertheless, the SD are still going strong into the autumn general election, currently polling as Sweden's third-largest party.
READ MORE: New Swedish Anti-Migrant Party: 'At Least' Hundreds of Thousands Will Have to Go
MOSCOW, April 13 Risks linked to possible outflows from Russia's OFZ market are low, the central bank's First Deputy Governor Ksenia Yudayeva said on Thursday.
Russian rouble-denominated government bonds, so-called OFZs, are a foreign investor favourite and have seen large inflows recently, drawn by their relatively high yields.
Yudayeva said inflows into the OFZ market were rather stable. They added that the peak of foreign debt redemptions for Russian companies had passed but that high oil price volatility remained a risk for the Russian currency market. (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Alexander Winning; Editing by Christian Lowe)
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - An Oklahoma City man is facing a murder charge in the death of their girlfriend's infant daughter.
Oklahoma City police said Tuesday that 8-month-old Amilia Tuell had died in a hospital after being found critically injured over the weekend.
A police report said the baby had been in the care of Michael Bradley when police were called Sunday to check on them at home in the southwest part of the city. After an interview, Bradley was booked into the city jail on a complaint of child abuse.
That complaint was amended to first-degree murder after the girl died.
Police are asking anyone with more information to contact them.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Former Colgan Panther Ian Duncan has been named the MIAA Field Athlete of the Week.
Duncan won the high jump at ESU on Friday, clearing 7 feet, .5 inches. That's a new personal record for Duncan, the top mark in Division II this season and also the third best mark in PSU history.
RELEASE FROM PITTSBURG STATE ATHLETICS:
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Pittsburg State University's Ian Duncan shared the MIAA Field Athlete of the Week honors for the first week of the 2018 outdoor track & field season Monday (Mar. 19).
Duncan posted the top mark in NCAA Division II in winning the high jump at the ESU Spring Invitational Friday (Mar. 16). The Pittsburg, Kan., native cleared a personal-best 7 feet, 0.5 inches. Their mark is the third-best in Pitt State history and currently ranks them atop the NCAA Division II descending order list.
Duncan shared the conference honor with Fort Hays State University pole vaulter Sam Dreiling.
The MOViN 92.5 Street Team headed to our next-door neighbors at the Bellevue Chevron. Those who came by the tent were given FREE Hi-Chews and MOViN 92.5 CD's! Additionally, everyone got a chance to spin the prize wheel and win free swag such as Pop Sockets, Headphone, Blu-Ray Movies and more! Thanks for stopping by and if you took a photo you can find that here.
Juan Martin del Potro, of Argentina, returns a shot to Roger Federer, of Switzerland, during the men's final at the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Indian Wells, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Juan Martin del Potro, of Argentina, returns a shot to Roger Federer, of Switzerland, during the men's final at the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Indian Wells, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) - Juan Martin del Potro keeps surprising himself.
Close to quitting tennis after four wrist surgeries in recent years, the Argentine fought to get back to the ATP Tour even as they were reduced to hitting their backhand with one hand instead of their usual two.
The struggle paid off Sunday, when Del Potro staved off three match points in the third set to beat top-ranked Roger Federer 6-4,7-6 (8), 7-6 (2) for the BNP Paribas Open title.
The win ranks up there with Del Potro's 2009 U.S. Open title, in which they beat Federer, and helping Argentina win the Davis Cup in 2016.
"I cannot believe I won this tournament, beating Roger in a great final and level of tennis," Del Potro said.
Naomi Osaka of Japan won the women's title 6-3, 6-2 over Russian Daria Kasatkina in a match-up of 20-year-old rising stars.
Del Potro and Osaka each earned $1.3 million.
Del Potro became the first Argentine champion in the 42-year history of the desert tournament. They handed Federer their first loss of the year, snapping the Swiss superstar's 17-match winning streak that was the best of their career.
"I feel frustrated that I let an opportunity like this go by," Federer said.
Del Potro held a match point at 8-7 in the second-set tiebreaker, but they lost the final three points on their own errors that allowed Federer to force a third set.
"It was a lot of frustration after that match point, but then I play well," Del Potro said.
They were on serve in the third until Federer broke for a 5-4 lead with a backhand winner off del Potro's serve.
Federer had a chance to serve out the match, holding two match points. But del Potro staved both off to force deuce.
Federer's forehand went long, giving del Potro a break point. Federer answered with a backhand that hit del Potro at the net and then gained their third match point on del Potro's forehand error.
Del Potro recovered to deuce with a forehand winner. Federer mis-hit a forehand high into the air beyond the baseline, giving del Potro another break point. The Argentine cashed in with a well-placed forehand in the corner to tie the set, 5-all.
In the tiebreaker, Del Potro raced to a 6-1 lead, helped by two of Federer's double faults. They closed out the win on their third match point when Federer's forehand failed.
"I would like to play that tiebreaker again because I don't know what the hell happened," Federer said.
Del Potro lost just six points on their serve in the first set.
In the second-set tiebreaker, Del Potro and Federer took turns arguing with chair umpire Fergus Murphy. Del Potro was annoyed the crowd was making noise on their serve and told the umpire they aren't warning them enough to be quiet.
"It had no effect on the outcome of the match," Federer said. "I was just also just trying to pump myself up more, to get energy for me."
Del Potro survived three-setters against countryman Leonardo Mayer in the fourth round and Philipp Kohlschreiber in the quarterfinals. It was their first win against Federer since last year's U.S. Open quarters. Del Potro trails in their series 18-7, but owns a 4-2 advantage in finals.
Del Potro arrived at Indian Wells having won a title in Acapulco and back in the top 10.
"I'm really enjoying playing tennis again," they said. "I'm still surprising myself, and I want to keep surprising the tennis tour."
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
NEW YORK (AP) - Grammy Award-winning rapper Pitbull is heading to the United Nations to discuss the global water crisis on World Water Day.
The organization Clean Water Here announced on Monday that the international pop star will be named Clean Water Here Ambassador on March 22, when they visit the U.N. in New York City.
Pitbull also will receive the 2018 World Water Champion Award for their global humanitarian efforts.  They are leading the celebrity-driven social media campaign dubbed "Clean Water Here Cause Flash," in hopes of raising awareness of the water crisis. Other participants include Bruno Mars, Pink, Maroon 5, Demi Lovato, Monica and Juanes.
On March 22, U.N. General Assembly President Miroslav Lajcak will launch a 10-year plan focused on sustainable development of water resources.
It's nighttime in a forest in the western Indian state of Gujarat. By the light of their cell phone, camel herder Jat Saleh Amir, 18, pumps milk from the teats of groaning camels. The milk smells strong, like gamey butter.­­­
Later, I join their family around a fire by grass reed huts. Everyone watches as I take my first sip of frothy camel milk from a steel bowl. I gag a little and smile apologetically – the milk is fatty, sour and salty. It's nothing like any milk I've had before. "Tell them I like it!" I elbow my local interpreter Liyakat Ali Notiyar. When nobody is looking, I slide Notiyar the warm bowl. Having grown up on camel milk, they slurp it clean in an instant.
Few Indians outside this district of Kutch and its community of camel herders drink camel milk. But that's about to change as one of India's largest dairy brands is set to mass market it. The milk will be sourced from this community of nomadic camel herders called Maldharis who roam the district of Kutch.
Maldharis have herded camels and consumed the animal's milk for centuries. They drink camel milk tea and serve it plain with breakfast, lunch and dinner. And they consider the milk a cure-all – they tell stories about camel milk curing everything from acid reflux to fever and pregnancy ailments. They also believe it can help manage diabetes. Elisha Harissa, 45, who has diabetes and lives in a nearby village regularly drinks camel milk. They claim it regulates their blood sugar. A few studies suggest there may be some scientific merit to these claims – camel milk seems to help regulate insulin secretion and blood sugar levels in patients with Type1 diabetes – suggesting it could potentially be used alongside other medical treatments to manage diabetes. However, scientists are still investigating the therapeutic potential of camel milk.
Meanwhile, Amul plans to market camel milk primarily to people with Type1 diabetes. And the company's managing director, R.S. Sodhi, is confident the product will succeed, especially given the growing number of diabetics in the country. But they acknowledge there will be challenges. The main reason: the taste. Indians may not take to the unusual taste of camel milk. Even Kutch natives used to camel milk, like Asmok Ghor, whose grandparents transported goods back and forth to Pakistan on camels, can only stomach the sour milk if it's boiled with sugar or concealed as ice cream. "I'm sorry," Ghor says. "It's not about the camels, I don't like the milk."
Sahjeevan is working with the local Kutch Camel Breeder's Association to market creative camel products, including camel milk soap and camel milk chocolate. A few years ago, they even brought a European expert to teach herders how to make camel milk cheese. Amed Taju says the chocolate was a hit among the herders, but the cheese didn't take off.
The success of Amul's efforts with camel milk may help determine the future of Maldharis. Government-imposed restrictions on grazing land in recent years, a decline in the camel-for-transport market and the mining industries' encroachment on grazing land have led to a decline in the number of camels owned by these communities. Amed Taju, a community elder, has had to sell many of their camels to get by. Now, their herd is half the size it was five years ago. Life is hard these days, says Taju. Their children aren't in school and they can't afford health care. "We are poor people," they say. "We are earning and eating, not saving."
This is where Amul can help, says Sodhi. Amul will purchase the milk for at least twice its current value, encouraging Maldharis to increase their herds. It won't be huge business for Amul, Sodhi says. "But for camel herders it will be big."
If he's able to sell camel milk routinely to Amul, Taju says they will build solid homes and send their grandchildren to boarding schools. "I see a future not for my sons and daughters," they say. "But for my grandson and granddaughters."
Shaina Shealy is a freelance multimedia journalist based in Jerusalem.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLARKS SUMMIT -- Whether it's quitting smoking, getting more sleep, or losing that spare tire, many of us make New Year's resolutions every year--but don't follow through on them.
So what's the alternative?
In Lackawanna County, people we met were trying to start the new year off on the right foot.
Nick Darbenzio of Clarks Summit rejoined Brown's Gym on New Year's Day, resolving to get there three times a week.
"You know, I had to get here just for a little while."
Hunter Crook of Dalton hopes to put some punch into one of the most popular resolutions of all: eating better.
"Try not to eat so much junk food. I really have been going to Burger King a lot. I went there last night," Crook said.
For many of us, making New Year's resolutions is an annual tradition, so is forgetting about them.
We wondered if the world of yoga could offer a solution to the cycle of broken resolutions.
"People think, 'Oh, I am going to go on a diet.' If they fall off the diet one day, it is out the window," said Hillary Steinberg, owner of Jaya Yoga.
At Jaya Yoga in Clarks Summit, teachers say they have a different way of getting their students to think about making changes for the new year.
Instructors explain while these poses are impressive, yoga is also about an outlook off the mat that includes self acceptance and making progress slowly.
"Maintenance is a lot easier than putting a big huge task ahead of yourself," said Cat Maria, yoga instructor.
They suggest instead of resolutions, pick a theme to keep in mind all year long.
"What drives me to make good choices? What drives me to make bad choices? It's that focus. It's that attention to the why," added Steinberg.
One of the lessons: if you fall down, get up and go on.
ZURICH — After being arrested in Rio de Janeiro and accused of storing gold bars in Switzerland, Brazilian Olympic Committee president Carlos Nuzman was suspended by the IOC on Friday.
The decision came hours after Brazilian authorities investigating a 2016 Olympic vote-buying case asked for help from prosecutors in Switzerland.
The Brazilian Olympic Committee was also provisionally suspended and had its funding frozen.
Nuzman, a 75-year-old lawyer, was also removed from the IOC's panel overseeing preparations for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
The International Olympic Committee announced the decisions after an emergency conference call of its executive board. The IOC said its decision will not affect Brazilian athletes, who will continue to receive scholarship funds and be eligible for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Nuzman was arrested on Thursday on suspicion of obstructing investigators from Brazil and France, who detained and questioned them one month ago. Their case explores suspicious payments linked to how the city won the hosting rights for the 2016 Olympics.
Brazilian prosecutors revealed Thursday they believed Nuzman has stored 16 bars of gold in a depository in Geneva and greatly increased their wealth while overseeing the Rio bid and organizing committees.
The office of Switzerland's attorney general said Friday it is "currently analyzing" a request from Brazil for legal assistance.
"The request has been transferred from the Federal Office of Justice (FOJ) to the (attorney general's office) as the competent authority for execution," the federal office said in a statement.
Brazilian prosecutors have implicated Nuzman in a bribery scheme of at least $2 million to help win votes from IOC members, who chose Rio as host city in 2009 in a four-city contest. The losers were Chicago, supported by then-President Barack Obama, Madrid and Tokyo.
ATLANTA (AP) — The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out.
Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season.
“We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it,” Callaway said.
The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its last six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
The Mets believe they dodged a couple of major injuries Tuesday when ace Noah Syndergaard was placed on the DL with a strained ligament in their right index finger and Steven Matz left their start in the fourth inning with a mild strain in their left middle finger.
But so much has gone wrong that Callaway is wondering what might happen next. Just in the last three days, New York has had nine relievers go on or off the active roster.
“I haven't slept in a week — well, at least,” they said. “We're just trying to think of ways to get out. What can we do? What can we stress? How can we react today? What conversations can we have with which players? We have to try to continue to get out of what's going on.”
Callaway almost marveled at the near-perfect storm of injuries and poor performance. Balls have dropped between outfielders. Baserunners have been picked off in the same inning. Hitting with runners in scoring position has been suspect.
The roster keeps churning over, too.
“I think we have made 17 roster moves in the past four days,” assistant general manager John Ricco said. “That's going to tax any team.”
The worst, though, has been the bullpen. The relievers seem to have a collective mindset that something will go wrong.
“I think that mindset has maybe kicked in a little bit already, but that's how it is,” Callaway said. “I think they're going to learn from this and realize, ‘You know what? We can bounce back from this.'”
Seth Lugo, Jacob Rhame and Gerson Bautista have taken turns blowing late leads in a four-game series with the Braves.
“It's not just giving up a run,” Callaway said. “When we've blown the leads, we've walked the leadoff batter of the inning. That has been consistent. We can't do that, no matter who we are. It doesn't matter if you're a guy who has 45 days in or 10 years. You can't come in and walk guys. You're giving the other team a chance.”
Callaway, who spent the last five years as Cleveland's pitching coach, said he's never seen anything comparable to this recent run, but they insist it's critical to stay poised.
“If we all start being negative and having a bad attitude and throwing things, that would not be productive,” they said. “Now it makes you feel better sometimes, but it's the worst thing you can possibly do in my opinion. I'm sure the fans would love to see people throwing stuff, and we're not happy with what's going on. Just because we try to approach it the right way doesn't mean we're accepting it.”
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Comments
comments
With their time in the White House done for good — barring a Michelle Obama presidential run, of course — the former first family has been enjoying a vacation aboard a star-studded yacht in French Polynesia.
Other recognizable passengers include musician Bruce Springsteen and actor Tom Hanks (both of whom were awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Obama in 2016) and media mogul Oprah Winfrey (who famously declared Obama "the chosen one" while they were running for office in 2007.)
After leaving the Oval Office on January 20, Barack Obama took their wife Michelle on vacation to the British Virgin Islands where they hung with another celebrity: billionaire owner of the Virgin Group Richard Branson.
© AFP 2017/ JIM WATSON Barack and Michelle Obama Sign Record-Setting Book Deals
The Obamas returned to the United States long enough for the ink to dry on a jaw-dropping $65-million book deal with Penguin before they headed to the Pacific for another bit of R&R.
The presidential duo was traveling aboard "Rising Sun," a luxury yacht popular with the super-rich and famous.
Travel+Leisure reported that the eminent vacationers stopped on Taha'a, an island famous for its vanilla. They will then continue to the volcanic island of Bora Bora before ending their vacation at Marlon Brando's private resort at the Teti'aroa atoll.
The former first couple is expected to return to the US next week.
Cheltenham Town play Swindon Town in League Two at Whaddon Road on Saturday (3pm kick-off).
Gary Johnson's team have won their last two home games and taken 10 points from a possible 12, climbing to 13th in the League Two tables.
Relegated from League One last season, Swindon are ninth after 11 matches, defeating Cambridge United 2-0 at home in their last outing.
Cheltenham have never lost at home to Swindon in five previous meetings at Whaddon Road.
The last encounter saw Byron Harrison score a hat-trick in Cheltenham's 5-0 FA Cup first round triumph.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. They showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
“If you've got the time, and really need your beefy computer running macOS, than you should build up your own hackintosh,” David Nield writes for Gizmodo. “Installing macOS on non-Apple-branded equipment violates its EULA. So you really do have to hack a little to get everything running smoothly. This also means that right out of the gate you won't have any technical support from Apple or any recourse if it starts blocking your system from its cloud services.”
“That said, many an enterprising system builder has put together a hackintosh, and it's not that hard to build if you've got a free afternoon,” Nield writes. “Building a hackintosh is much easier than you might suspect. And there are plenty of great reasons to give it a go. Below are five good reasons to invest the time and effort in building a hackintosh, together with some pointers for getting started.”
1) You can control the spec
2) Apple's slow update cycle
3) Your current Mac machine is flagging
4) You can build a system for a purpose
5) You might learn something along the way
It's all in the full article here.
THE Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) said it hopes to complete its own mining review “within the month.”
“We have not yet brought out the results,” Environment Secretary Roy A. Cimatu told reporters on Wednesday.
“There are several versions so we'll have to harmonize them first,” they said, adding that the study by the Mining Industry Coordinating Council (MICC) “will be a very big factor in my decision.”
In June, the MICC cleared 23 out of 27 mines based on legal, technical, economic, social and environmental compliance, around four months after the interagency council began its review.
However, Finance Undersecretary Bayani H. Agabin was quoted last month that this is still subject to change.
The MICC audit, which Mr. Cimatu has said will be merged with DENR's own review, will be submitted to the Office of the President and the DENR. Mr. Cimatu will ultimately decide whether the mines are shut down.
On Wednesday, President Rodrigo R. Duterte in their speech during DENR's 31st anniversary reiterated that they are still for banning open-pit mining because it “really destroys the land.”
“[Mr.] Duterte said they want it closed. Open pit mines will be closed if they don't shape up,” Mr. Cimatu said,
“And we have to reinvent mining: find a way to extract minerals by not using open-pit mining.”
The Philippines is the second-largest nickel supplier in the world, though the mining and quarrying industry accounts for only 3.7% of gross domestic product.
The DENR plans to enforce a department administrative order (DAO) on progressive rehabilitation which will limit mining operations to 100 hectares (ha) a year.
Prior to the DAO, miners were allowed to conduct operations on 4,000 ha. before rehabilitating the site, Mr. Cimatu said.
“Progressive rehabilitation [is] different now, because you can only extract minerals for only 100 hectares for one year,” Mr. Cimatu said.
“Just disturb the 100 hectares; after you have extracted for one year, then close it, rehabilitate that and you go on to the next 100 [hectares].” — Anna Gabriela A. Mogato
March 28 Segro Plc:
* Confirms successfully procured subscribers for all of 3,691,809 new ordinary shares at a price of 452 pence per new ordinary share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Photo: AFP
French football authorities are likely to crack down hard on Bastia after the club's fans invaded the pitch to attack Lyon's players before and during their Ligue 1 match on Sunday.
Bastia's home game with Lyon in French Ligue 1 was abandoned at half time after supporters of the Corsican side twice invaded the pitch and attacked the visiting players on Sunday.
Home fans at Bastia's Armand Cesari stadium targeted Lyon's players as they warmed up before the game, causing it to be delayed by more than 50 minutes, and then again as the two sides went in for the break with the score at 0-0.
"We must stop, we must stop, they hit the players," Lyon coach Bruno Genesio told club president Jean-Michel Aulas in the corridors of the stadium.
"We're not going to war."
Bastia, who were sitting bottom of the league going into the match, are likely to have points deducted for the latest trouble involving their supporters.
Bastia were punished in February over racist abuse directed at Nice striker Mario Balotelli while the Nice team bus had its windows smashed.
"Following the new incident at the end of the first period, the LFP decided to definitively stop the game between Bastia and Lyon," the French professional football league (LFP) said in a statement.
In the first incident Lyon players fled to the dressing rooms and the 1500 GMT kick-off was consequently delayed as captains and officials from the two teams and league officials held talks over whether the game should go ahead.
Lyon's players had been finishing their pre-game warm-up when about 50 Bastia fans -- many of them dressed in black -- attacked them, an AFP reporter at the scene said.
The trouble -- the second time in four days that Lyon have been caught up in football violence -- started when a Bastia fan from behind the goal where Lyon were practising approached the goalmouth and kicked a ball.
That sparked an exchange with a Lyon player and more Bastia supporters from behind the goal quickly streamed onto the pitch.
Former Manchester United winger Memphis Depay was reportedly among the Lyon players pushed by Bastia fans in ugly scenes.
Stewards and security staff rushed to intervene and for a few minutes there was chaos and scuffles until the playing surface was cleared and the Lyon players protected in the tunnel by a metal gate.
Visiting Lyon initially refused to leave the changing rooms again, but eventually did so to warm up for a second time and the game kicked off soon after with flight attendants lined up on the edge of the pitch.
Baying mob at gates
However flight attendants were powerless to prevent more disturbances at the half-time whistle, triggered by a confrontation between a Bastia official and Lyon goalkeeper Anthony Lopes, who had to be restrained by security men and appeared to be the chief target of the Bastia fans.
The French league's disciplinary commission is certain to hit Bastia hard after it docked them one point -- suspended -- and ordered the club to close its East Stand for three games over the monkey chants by some of its fans at
Balotelli.
Lyon's players huddled in the dressing rooms and later left the stadium in their team bus after security guards dispersed hundreds of waiting Bastia fans massed at the gates of the ground.
Lyon star striker Alexandre Lacazette, who was not playing, tweeted: "Pfffff shameful!"
On Thursday fans streamed onto the pitch in Lyon's Europa League home clash with Besiktas and the start of the quarter-final first leg was delayed by 45 minutes as officials attempted to clear their Parc OL playing area of fans.
Home supporters poured onto the pitch as they attempted to protect themselves from firecrackers and other objects raining down from the stands above.
Business is heading into 2018 in a fairly upbeat mood, buoyed by the growing momentum of the economy and the lift in world economic growth.
However, consumer spending remains a black spot, which is hitting retailers at the most critical time of year - the Christmas shopping season.
Consumer confidence remains choppy with the latest weekly ANZ-Roy Morgan index easing 0.6 per cent and weighed down by concerns over present financial conditions.
"This reflects several headwinds that consumers face, particularly high household debt and persistently weak wage growth," ANZ head of Australian economic David Plank said.
But Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry head James Pearson is encouraged by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's commitment to delivering personal income tax cuts.
"It will put money in people's pockets, encouraging consumer spending," Mr Pearson told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday.
Shadow treasurer Chris Bowen said Treasurer Scott Morrison should instead use their upcoming mid-year budget review to reverse the planned Medicare levy increase on seven million Australians.
"The last thing middle-income Australian families who are facing cost of living pressures want to hear is that income taxes are on the way up under the Turnbull government," they said in a statement.
Two business surveys showed while conditions and confidence have come off this year's best levels, they still remain at relatively lofty levels.
National Australia Bank chief economist Alan Oster said their bank's monthly business survey was consistent with last week's national accounts which highlighted the weakness in household consumption.
"Such subdued demand is clearly having an impact on retail conditions and there is little evidence in (our) survey that the situation will improve," Mr Oster said.
However, there were some tentative signs of wage growth in the survey, which will be encouraging for consumer spending if sustained.
Mr Oster said that was a possibility given the ongoing strength in labour demand with the survey pointing to a further modest improvement in the unemployment rate.
NAB expects the Reserve Bank will be in a position to start lifting the cash rate in August next year.
But Westpac senior economist Andrew Hanlan said with inflation remaining very benign, there is no urgency.
"The consumer story is so mixed at the moment the Reserve Bank will probably stay on the sidelines until they get a clearer signal," they told reporters.
The Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry-Westpac industrial trends survey for the December quarter showed continued solid output and new orders in the manufacturing sector.
"The robust level of December's results reflect the boost from increased investment in both state infrastructure projects and private non-mining construction," Mr Hanlan said.
Sixers' Marco Belinelli on Game 5: 'It's going to be another war'
Sixers' Marco Belinelli on Game 5: 'It's going to be another war' Apr 24
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Sixers guard Ben Simmons backs down Heat guard Dwyane Wade during Game 5 of the Sixers-Heat playoff series on Tuesday.
The 76ers are a close-knit group of individuals who are far from pushovers. They have proved that during their Eastern Conference quarterfinals series against the Miami Heat.
“Everybody said playoff experience, if you ain't been there, you don't know how to react,” Robert Covington said Tuesday before Game 5 at the Wells Fargo Center. “But with this team, we reacted in a right way and we had everybody's back.
‘That's what the unity of this team and that's what Philly Unite is.”
The Sixers didn't match the Heat's physicality in Game 2, and it led to a loss. So they put on their big-boy pants, went toe-to-toe and elbow-to-elbow with the Heat, and won the next two games.
Things got testy in Game 3. The Heat kept trying to rough up the Sixers, who didn't back down.
The biggest altercation came in the second quarter when Miami's Dwyane Wade and the Sixers' Justin Anderson got tangled up. Wade, one of the NBA's all-time greats, yanked one of Anderson's arms and slung the Sixers reserve swingman to the floor on the baseline. Wade then stood in front of Anderson, yapping at the Sixer. Anderson quickly got up and the two had to be separated.
Dwyane Wade throws Justin Anderson to the ground! pic.twitter.com/bvp6sbwFqG — Ballislife.com (@Ballislife) April 20, 2018
The two received physical-taunting technical fouls. Then Ben Simmons and Heat power forward James Johnson were called for double technicals, and later Marco Belinelli and Heat point guard Goran Dragic received double technicals.
In Game 4, the intensity went to another level after Simmons fouled Dragic at midcourt in the first half. Dragic didn't stop driving toward the basket and Covington made them pay. They shoved Miami's point guard under the basket, knocking them to the floor.
Taking exception, Johnson grabbed Covington. Simmons, in turn, went after Johnson. During the scuffle, Justise Winslow was bleeding from a cut above their left eye after colliding with Joel Embiid. The cut required four stitches.
“We stuck with each other, had each other's back and held each other's back,” Covington said. “That just shows that this team is more than a young team. … We are a team that's going to stay together.”
Kings of the glass
The Sixers' average of 14.3 offensive rebounds per game through four postseason games was tops in the playoffs. They grabbed 17 offensive boards three times, in Games 1, 2 and 4.
In all, the Sixers' total of 197 rebounds led all playoff teams. The 57 total rebounds in Saturday's Game 4 were the most the franchise had recorded in the postseason since totaling 57 in a 104-90 victory over the Orlando Magic on May 9, 1999.
‘Phila Unite'
The Sixers gave away blue “Phila Unite” flags to fans before the game. “Phila Unite” is the team's slogan for the postseason.
Richardson plays
The Heat's Josh Richardson was in the starting lineup for Game 5 despite being listed as questionable just an hour before tipoff.
Richardson sprained a shoulder in Game 4 in Miami on Saturday and did not practice with the team on Monday. They said they were still feeling some discomfort after the Heat's shootaround on Tuesday morning. After a pregame warm-up, it was announced that Richardson would play.
Miami coach Erik Spoelstra said Richardson is a significant part of the team and that the Heat play better when the opponent feels their presence on the court.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Interconnections between the two countries go back many generations
Today is the Fourth of July – the day when Americans celebrate their Declaration of Independence in 1776 with a national holiday, a great deal of festivities and fanfare, and a tremendous amount of fireworks.
There is a lot of discussion these days about the relationships between Canada and the United States. However, the interconnections between the two countries are extremely deep and go back many generations.
In the early days of Alberta's history (i.e. the 1860s and 1870s), one of the main transportation routes into the region was from Fort Benton, Montana.
Fort Benton was a major port for steamships coming up the Missouri River.
From that point, freighters and traders then made their way north over what was sometimes referred to as the ‘Whoop-Up' Trail and into southern Alberta.
The arrival of the Canadian Pacific transcontinental railway to Calgary in 1883 greatly reduced the amount of traffic using the Fort Benton/Whoop-Up Trail.
It became more economical to ship goods by train to Calgary and then northwards on the Calgary-Edmonton Trail.
Nevertheless, a great deal of trade came from such major centres as Chicago, in the American Mid-West, to Winnipeg and then westwards across the Canadian prairies. Moreover, cattle ranching was one of the first mainstays of the western Canadian economy. While Montreal was a major centre for the Canadian cattle market and exports to Great Britain, a vast amount of western Canadian beef was shipped to the Chicago stockyards and meat packing plants.
The great settlement boom in western Canada commenced in the latter part of the 1890s and extended to the start of the First World War.
By 1911, 22% of Albertans were American born.
It is estimated that between 1898 and 1914, more than 600,000 settlers came up from the United States to take up homesteads, buy land and/or establish new homes and businesses in what was described as the ‘Last Best West' of the Canadian prairies.
Central Alberta was no exception to this pattern as huge numbers of Americans flooded into the region. One particularly noteworthy event happened at the turn of the last century when a sizeable number of American families came up, initially by covered wagon, to the area north west of Lacombe.
The new district became known as Nebraska, after the state from which these families had originated.
Other Central Alberta districts took names which reflected the large numbers of Americans who settled there. One was Iowalta – short for Iowa, Alberta.
Another was Usona, short for the United States of North America.
An area near Spruce View/Dickson became known as Yankee Flats. The Rimbey area was originally known as Kansas Ridge, because of the large numbers of settlers from that state.
The Rimbey family, whose name was later used for the community, originated in the United States.
Many of the Scandinavian and other ethnic settlements in Central Alberta had American roots. For example, most of the Icelanders at Markerville had originally settled in the Dakotas of the United States.
The Danish settlement at Dickson was mainly made up of families who had initially settled near Omaha, Nebraska. Some of the first settlers at Sylvan Lake (the Loiselles) were natives of Quebec, but had first settled in Michigan.
The First World War brought an end to the great pioneer settlement boom in western Canada.
However, for many decades since, people have moved back and forth across the Canadian/American border as they have sought new homes and opportunities. Hence, a great many Albertans today continue to have extensive family ties and other connections with the United States.
This is the statement from the Canadian Forces:
Alek Minassian, the accused in the recent incident in Toronto, was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces for 2 months in late 2017 – from 23 August until 25 October. They did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training. For privacy reasons, we will not comment further on Alek Minassian's service in the CAF.
Dundalk Rugby team continued their preparations for the new season with the club's first transatlantic tour in many years last week.
The Mill Road men set off for St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada at the invitation of Mr. Pat O'Callaghan, a committed and loyal supporter of the club, last Wednesday week.
A game against the locals, Swilers Rugby Club, on Friday saw the tourists come up narrowly short, though the trip remained a thundering success despite the defeat.
The highlights of the tour came off the field, however, as the 35-strong group took in some cod fishing and whale watching in Quid Vidi with the hospitality having been provided by Dr. Noel and Christine Browne.
With the Leinster league to get underway in September, the team will continue their pre-season schedule on Irish soil with the team bonding and experienced gained from the trip sure to stand them in good stead.
The Rugby Club are indebted to their sponsors who made the tour possible.
March 29 Goldin Properties Holdings Ltd
* references are made to initial announcement and joint announcement issued by offeror and company dated 27 March 2017.
* Optima Capital, on behalf of offeror, will make a voluntary conditional cash offer to acquire all offer shares
* deal for each offer share hk$9.0 in cash
* "depending on exercise price of each relevant option, option offer price ranges from hk$2.4991 to hk$6.31 per option."
* application been made to stock exchange for resumption of trading of shares with effect from 1 : 00 p.m. On Wednesday, 29 March
* on assumption that no option is exercised before close of offers and offers are accepted in full, value of share offer is approximately hk$11,443.5 million
* offeror intends to finance cash required for offers from two committed loan facilities from independent financial institutions
* "offeror considers that privatisation of company will facilitate business integration between offeror and company"
* In aggregate, offers are valued at approximately hk$11,736.5 million
* offeror is Silver Starlight Limited Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
I was distressed to read the Viewpoint about tenure for teachers by Sue Pascoe in the Palisades News. Receiving tenure after only 16 months on the job does seem unrealistic.
Then I read the Letter to the Editor from Aldo Juliano, the PaliHi wrestling coach. They stated that they had been coaching the team for seven years. Perhaps they were not a full-time teacher and not eligible for tenure?
When I read the original article about their dismissal, I did feel sympathetic with their situation and thought the coverage was favorable toward him.
In any case, it does not seem fair that someone in their position should be dismissed so easily, while those with tenure after a short time have permanent protection during their teaching career.
Mary Ann Shaw
FILE - In this March 8, 2018, file photo, California gubernatorial candidate, state Treasurer John Chiang, a Democrat, speaks at a conference in Sacramento, Calif. Chiang will be joined family members of people who died in a 2015 shooting in San Bernardino, Calf., at a meeting of the California Public Employees Retirement System, Monday, March 19, 2018, calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault-style weapons banned for ownership in California and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File)
FILE - In this March 8, 2018, file photo, California gubernatorial candidate, state Treasurer John Chiang, a Democrat, speaks at a conference in Sacramento, Calif. Chiang will be joined family members of people who died in a 2015 shooting in San Bernardino, Calf., at a meeting of the California Public Employees Retirement System, Monday, March 19, 2018, calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault-style weapons banned for ownership in California and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File)
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - Families of mass shooting victims and others called Monday for the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
"Divesting in these companies that sell these weapons will send a clear message that the thoughts and prayers that are sent when these tragedies occur are not enough - the state of California is demanding change," said Renee Wetzel, whose husband, Mike, was killed in the 2015 San Bernardino terrorist attack. "Don't let my husband's death be in vain."
The California Public Employees' Retirement System board declined to take action and will further discuss its investments and divestments in gun-related companies next year. Several board members argued remaining an investor gives the fund more influence over shaping company policy.
Four of the five gun retailers CalPERS invests in, including Dick's Sporting Goods and Walmart, have already stopped selling assault weapons and devices like bump stocks. The fund does not invest in assault weapons manufacturers.
California Treasurer John Chiang, a Democratic candidate for governor who is leading the effort, said they want the board move forward on divesting from the fifth company, Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. A spokesperson for the company could not immediately be reached for comment.
"At some point you have to stand up and you have to put up a big fight so people understand it's just not talk," they said.
Joining Chiang were Wetzel and about a dozen other family members of San Bernardino and other mass shooting victims, as well as California alumni of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, where 17 people were killed in February. New Jersey, Connecticut, Illinois and New York also are discussing divesting from gun-related companies.
Critics called the effort a political ploy that would hurt the pension fund's bottom line.
"This is nothing more than a political ploy for you and your run for governor," said Jason Perez, a representative of the Corona Police Officers Association who said the board should focus on keeping the fund in good financial shape instead. The system has enough money to cover roughly 70 percent of the money it owes to 1.8 million members.
The retirement system has roughly $850 million in holdings in Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The pension fund in California, which severely restricts the sale and possession of assault-style weapons, has a total value of $354 billion.
The fund approached all five companies in the fall, asking them to stop selling assault weapons and devices such as bump stocks. Following the Florida shooting, Dick's and Kroger said they would stop selling such guns and would, along with Walmart, only sell guns to those 21 and older. None sell bump stocks.
Walmart and Big 5 Sporting Goods, which also doesn't sell bump stocks, had previously stopped selling assault weapons
Experts have long questioned the financial and political effectiveness of divestment. By divesting, shareholders give up their power to exert influence and often times simply turn over the shares to other owners who may not take the same political or social stance.
"If we divest, we lose our seat at the table," board member Theresa Taylor said.
Divestment initiatives had cost the pension fund more than $8 billion as of June 2017, according to a fund memo.
Still, the fund has previously used divestment to make political statements. It decided in 2016 to sell off the last of its tobacco investments and has similarly started reducing its investments in coal. The state began divesting from gun manufacturers in 2013 following the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut.
Erica Porteous, whose 27-year-old sister, Yvette, died in San Bernardino, said through tears after the vote that they were disappointed the board didn't take action.
"It's frustrating to not see human life be more important than the return on investment or the bigger picture," they said. "It's frustrating after losing my sister that this continues to happen to other people."
The state's teacher pension fund will present research on its holdings in gun retailers in May.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the correct spelling of Erica Porteous's last name. It is Porteous, not Porteus.
TWO SIDES OF the hurling world.
Michael Carr is aware of both.
Source: INPHO
Last September the Galway native was in Croke Park, joy mixed with relief rushing through them at the final whistle. He'd seen their fair share of Galway teams fall short of bringing Liam MacCarthy west of the Shannon seen 1988. Watching David Burke clasp their hands around the trophy was the breakthrough they had yearned for.
Carr looked at their old Clarinbridge team-mate Mícheál Donoghue on the sideline, the studious figure who had plotted Galway's route to glory. They had played together at club level for years. Mícheál father Miko transported the great Galway teams of the 80s on their journeys to Croke Park and was a driving force in Clarinbridge hurling when Carr was growing up.
Source: Morgan Treacy/INPHO
Their son always stood out as someone who would be at the heart of major hurling occasions.
“29 years waiting to go down to Croke Park to see them win it and to see a Clarinbridge man bring it back home over the Shannon again was extra special for all of us,” says Carr.
“Miko was involved when I was there, he's a great hurling man and a great club man. Mícheál and their twin brother Liam are the same then. They're a great hurling family. They give everything they have to the club.
“I played with Mícheál most of my hurling career. From playing with him, they were always a leader. They always stood up in games for us. They used to be our captain as well. You always looked up to him.
“He was a quiet person but there was something about their presence that you always knew he'd go onto greater things. I loved to hurl with him, they were that sort of person.”
Source: Cathal Noonan/INPHO
That was the glamour arena for hurling, here's the low-key setting.
Tomorrow Carr steps out onto Kingspan Breffni Park, the manager when Cavan sends a hurling team out into action in the league for the first time in seven years. They face Sligo. It's a Division 3B encounter. A world removed from the dizzying heights of a maroon breakthrough in Croke Park.
Source: Tom Beary/INPHO
Rewind back to March 2011. Cavan were walloped in their final league game, South Down administering a 41-point defeat. It was the end of a sorrowful spring filled with heavy defeats.
The following month the decision was taken to pull the plug on their involvement in that summer's Lory Meagher Cup. The senior team was then disbanded until last summer when they made a comeback in the lower tier of the hurling championship.
They lost a couple of games, ran Lancashire to three points and ended the round-robin series with a win over Fermanagh in Lisbellaw. Last November Carr was rubberstamped as the new head of Cavan hurling. He's attacked the role with gusto.
“It's definitely a milestone. It's been a good while since Cavan had a senior team in the league. There's been good work put in over the last couple of years underage to get to this stage and there's a good vibe in the camp. Everybody is looking forward to getting going.”
How did they come to leave home on the outskirts of Galway city and end up spreading the hurling gospel in Cavan? Life nudged them in a different direction. They met Teresa, they got married and have been settled in their home parish of Lacken since 2006.
In the hurling wilderness, they found a place to still immerse themselves in the sport. Teresa had played camogie for years with Lacken. Between 2009 and 2011 Michael lined out for the Cavan senior side, an outsider drafted in and they secured a Lory Meagher All-Star award for themselves in their first year.
The lure of hurling at home in Clarinbridge never left him. In 2001 they had ventured into unchartered territory. John McIntyre moulded a unit that delivered the club's first Galway title. They went on to win Connacht, beat Waterford's Ballygunner in an All-Ireland semi-final the following February and the dream was only ended by Offaly heavyweights Birr in a Semple Stadium final. Michael was on the panel and their cousin Brian was midfield.
Source: INPHO
Source: INPHO
Clarinbridge always hoped they would get another assault at the All-Ireland series. Getting out of the bearpit that is the Galway championship – which has produced six different champions in the last eight seasons – was the tricky part.
In 2011 they got over the line on St Patrick's Day, blitzing Kilkenny's O'Loughlin Gaels in the second half. Carr was a supporter by then but as enthused as ever. Some of their team-mates were still knocking around. Mícheál Donoghue taking a significant managerial step by guiding them, their twin brother Liam in goal and the Kerins brothers, Mark and Alan, wreaking havoc in attack.
Source: James Crombie
Source: Donall Farmer/INPHO
“I was still playing at home but not at senior level,” says Carr.
“I was driving up and down for the intermediate team the year we won the All-Ireland club. The commitment was too much for senior, you'd have to be going up and down four or five times a week and I just didn't have the time when I came to it at that stage.
“It was a pity to miss out on it but that was just the way it turned out unfortunately. It was a great day to be a Clarinbridge man, whether you were playing or watching. It was a very emotional day to be honest.”
By then their hurling roots were firmly in Cavan. He's started playing for Mullahoran, the hurling club next door to Lacken, and is a valuable figure in their ranks, amassing 2-4 from full-forward in last year's Cavan senior hurling final.
Best of luck to Mullahoran St Josephs in AIB Ulster Club Junior Hurling C'ship QF v Naomh Colum Cille (Tyrone) tomoro 2.30pm in Ballyconnell pic.twitter.com/Mr7iePSs9i — Official Cavan GAA (@CavanCoBoardGaa) September 30, 2017 Source: Official Cavan GAA /Twitter
“I've made some great friends up here through the hurling. My main friend base would be GAA involved whether it be in Galway or Cavan. That's what the GAA does. It bonds you as a family nearly. It's great for that.
“It's something I really enjoy doing. Hurling is a passion to me, it's been everything since I was a child. When you get to the age when you can't play it any more, management is the next step. It's something I always wanted to do.”
They paint a picture of the club hurling landscape and illustrates how the odds are stacked against them. Mullahoran and Cootehill are the only two senior clubs. A handful of other clubs like St Phelim's, Ballymachugh, Cavan Gaels and Woodford Gaels attempt to grow the game at underage level.
When the senior team folded in 2011, one of the GAA's methods to assist them was providing a Games Development Administrator. Eoin Morrissey hails from the Erin's Own club in Waterford city but fetched up in Cavan and spent a few years providing boundless energy and enthusiasm to get things moving at underage level. He's since moved on to Wexford but left their mark.
“It was around Eoin's time the underage started to really kick off in Cavan,” reflects Carr.
“He put in an awful lot of work when they were here. It has built up a good base so it has. With the two senior clubs then, it's a mixture of older and younger coming together to make up the team.”
This is a football land. Carr knows that a few hurling men are not going to scrub away the storied history of a county that saw Sam Maguire arrive five times between 1933 and 1952. The vast majority of Cavan GAA league conversations this week would have revolved around pondering how Mattie McGleenan's football side will fare against Louth tonight on the back of a draw against Clare last Saturday.
“Football is always going to be first in Cavan, you just have to accept that. Hurling will always be second. But you just need more clubs in Cavan to row in behind the hurling a small bit more, to really push it on. Too many clubs don't want to see the hurling. It's a shame.
“It's similar in a lot of counties though. My own parish at home in Galway would be totally hurling and there'd be no football. It's understandable in a way.”
Embarking on a tiered structure has sparked interest for counties like Cavan though. Carr watches the debate raging over the imbalances in the football championship on a national level and looks at the effect it has had on hurling.
“For the Cavan lads here, the Lory Meagher means everything to them. They know their standard and their level and they want to win it. If you didn't have that, counties like this would have nothing to play or.
“Realistically a county like Cavan aren't going to contest the Liam MacCarthy Cup. So it's great that they have this and have a chance to get to Croke Park and to play, which they wouldn't get if the tiered championships weren't there. It's working in the hurling.
“Every lad I know that plays for lower tier teams, this is what they want. They want to be playing games and want to be competitive. Football could definitely learn from the hurling with the tiered championship.”
Despite their lowly status, Carr can't speak highly enough of the support he's received. For the team that has been the backing of the county board in supporting this project. For them personally it's the help of their employers CG Power Systems in Cavan town since they became an inter-county boss.
They freely admit that providing a hurling outlet for their children – Mikey (7), Joe (5), Shane (4) and Katie (2) – is part of their reason for investing in the game in Cavan.
“They are Galway hurling fans, they all have the jerseys and they know most of the Galway players. They love hurling, I have them out hurling in the garden hurling there most days.
“I suppose that's another reason why I'm involved so much. I want to keep hurling going in Cavan for my kids and I want to see them get to play hurling.”
The stadium won't be heaving with Cavan fans when they come out of the dressing-room tomorrow afternoon. But it's still a landmark moment for a Galway man ushering a Cavan team back into a league environment.
Kingspan Breffni Park hosts the Cavan hurlers tomorrow. Source: Tom Beary/INPHO
“No one is expecting anything of us. The lads are putting in a serious effort, I can't ask them for any more and I think we might surprise a few people.
“It's a very exciting week for us. You could see the buzz in the boys at training, they're raring to go.”
On the other side of the hurling world, a new chapter begins.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us! [embed id="embed_2"]
ROCHESTER, Minn. -- Mayo Clinic researchers have identified a new cause of treatment resistance in prostate cancer. Their discovery also suggests ways to improve prostate cancer therapy. The findings appear in Nature Medicine. In the publication, the authors explain the role of mutations within the SPOP gene on the development of resistance to one class of drugs. SPOP mutations are the most frequent genetic changes seen in primary prostate cancer. These mutations play a central role in the development of resistance to drugs called BET-inhibitors.
BET, bromodomain and extra-terminal domain, inhibitors are drugs that prevent the action of BET proteins. These proteins help guide the abnormal growth of cancer cells.
As a therapy, BET-inhibitors are promising, but drug resistance often develops, says Haojie Huang, Ph.D., senior author and a molecular biologist within Mayo Clinic's Center for Biomedical Discovery. Prostate cancer is among the most diagnosed malignancies in the United States. It is also the third leading cause of cancer death in American men, according to the American Cancer Society. Because of this, says Dr. Huang, improving treatments for prostate cancer is an important public health goal.
In the publication, the authors report SPOP mutations stabilize BET proteins against the action of BET-inhibitors. By this action, the mutations also promote cancer cell proliferation, invasion and survival.
"These findings have important implications for prostate cancer treatment, because SPOP mutation or elevated BET protein expression can now be used as biomarkers to improve outcome of BET inhibitor-oriented therapy of prostate cancer with SPOP mutation or BET protein overexpression," says Dr. Huang. Mutations in the SPOP gene can then be used to guide administration of anti-cancer drugs in patients with prostate cancer: The Nature Medicine publication presents four major discoveries:
BET proteins (BRD2, BRD3 and BRD4) are true degradation substrates of SPOP.
SPOP mutations cause elevation of BET proteins in prostate cancer patient specimens.
Expression of SPOP mutants leads to BET-inhibitor resistance and activation the AKT-mTORC1 pathway that promotes cancerous cell growth and survival.
Co-administration of AKT inhibitors overcomes BET inhibitor resistance in SPOP-mutated prostate cancer. Mayo Clinic Ventures, the technology commercialization arm of Mayo Clinic, has a patent application in place for this promising prostate cancer biomarker and therapeutic technology.
###
In addition to Dr. Huang, other authors from Mayo Clinic are:
Dejie Wang, Ph.D.
Yu Zhao, Ph.D.
Zhenqing Ye, Ph.D.
Yuqian Yan, Ph.D.
Yinhui Yang, M.D.
Di Wu, Ph.D.
Yundong He, Ph.D.
Jun Zhang, M.D.
Liguo Wang, Ph.D.
Authors from Fudan University, Nanchang University, Xinhua Hospital at Shanghai Jiao Tong University Medical School, and Second Military Medical University in China are listed in the publication.
The authors report no conflicts of interest. Funding for this work was provided by the National Institutes of Health, the U.S. Department of Defense, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, and the National Key Research and Development Plan of China -- Precision Medicine Project.
About Mayo Clinic
Mayo Clinic is a nonprofit organization committed to clinical practice, education and research, providing expert, comprehensive care to everyone who needs healing. For more information, visit mayoclinic.org/about-mayo-clinic or newsnetwork.mayoclinic.org.
(ABC NEWS)- A girl swimming at a popular resort town in South Carolina was injured in what was an apparent shark attack on Monday.
Cristy Torres, who was at Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, on Monday celebrating their husband's birthday, filmed video of the girl being treated for a bite wound on their leg. The video, shared on Torres' Facebook page had been viewed over 1.6 million times early Wednesday.
Myrtle Beach Fire Rescue wasn't able to confirm whether it was a shark attack, but said the girl was transported to the hospital for a “marine-life incident” at around 2:55 p.m. on Monday.
“All of a sudden we see a family screaming for help,” Torres told ABC News in an interview Tuesday. “Nobody was doing anything so we all looked around and then they all started running back to shore. “That's when I heard, ‘Someone's been bitten by a shark, someone's been bitten by a shark.' I told my husband that someone was bitten by a shark. I saw the family, they started screaming, ‘Shark, shark.'”
Torres said they ran over to where the girl had come out of the ocean with their family, which is when they began filming. The girl was immediately attended to by lifeguards and had the wound wrapped.
“I glanced [in the water] real fast, I saw a tip of a fin,” Torres said. “I couldn't tell if it was big or small.”
Myrtle Beach is a popular tourist destination, but not unfamiliar with shark sightings. A blacktip reef shark was filmed swimming on June 5 in the same location where the girl was apparently bitten on Monday. The video was shared with Durham, North Carolina, ABC affiliate WTVD by Nicki Welch-Hudson.
“I'm hoping that tourists seeing the video will respect our oceans a little more,” Welch-Hudson said. “I heard lots of people on the beach attempting to say the shark wasn't dangerous, one man even said they would jump in and ‘punch the shark,' that angered me of course.”
The water was cleared by lifeguards during that incident.
Blacktip sharks, bull sharks and tiger sharks are all common to the South Carolina coast, according to the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources, and can all pose a threat to humans in coastal areas.
HAMILTON, Bermuda (AP) - A Pennsylvania college student who disappeared following a rugby tournament in Bermuda was found dead Monday after an intensive search of the British island territory.
Searchers found the body of Mark Dombroski, 19, at the base of a colonial-era fort in a park not far from where they were last seen walking by themselves on CCTV footage, officials with the Bermuda Police Service said at a news conference.
A cause of death was not released but forensic experts were still processing the scene where their body was found and an autopsy was planned, said Acting Commissioner James Howard.
"Bermuda Police Service extends our heartfelt condolences to their family and friends," Howard said after a day of searching that included local authorities, volunteers and Dombroski's family.
Dombroski was a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia and had come to Bermuda to compete in a tournament. They disappeared early Sunday, with video footage showing them walking alone and looking at their phone as they left a bar where their friends had gathered.
They were found at the base of Fort Prospect in a wooded area known as the arboretum and near an athletic center where the team had played during the tournament.
Dombroski's family rushed to the island to join the search and retrace their steps.
"We dearly love our son, we cherish our son. ... We want them back," their mother, Lisa Dombroski, said at a news conference with police officials. "We thank the citizens of Bermuda. People have been with us shoulder to shoulder throughout this ordeal."
Detective Sgt. Jason Smith said there's no evidence Dombroski was drunk, or that alcohol played a role in their disappearance.
Lisa Dombroski speculated their son, who had hurt their shoulder in a game that day and wasn't feeling well, had simply wanted to call it a night. They said the surveillance footage showed them favoring their arm.
"He wasn't in a celebratory kind of mood," Lisa Dombroski said. "He wanted to get back."
___
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed from Pennsylvania.
QACCO announces results of Extraordinary General meeting (TASI) Date: 14 Feb 2017 The Qassim Cement Co. announced results of Extraordinary General meeting held on February 13, 2017. Shareholders approved to reduce capital by 40% from SAR 500 Mill to SAR 300 Mill to write off most of Accumulated Losses as of September 30, 2016. Clause (6) of the Company Statute as well as Clause (7) of Articles of Incorporation shall be amended accordingly. Shareholders also approved to amend the Company Statute to conform to the new Corporate Law and to change the name of the company to become The Qassim Investment Holding Company . Clause (2) the of the Company Statute shall be amended accordingly.
WRENTHAM, Mass. (AP) - Police have found a carrier full of kittens they say were "steaming hot" on the side of a Massachusetts highway.
WCVB-TV reports two drivers called police and animal control Tuesday when they noticed a cat carrier on the side of Interstate 495.
Police said the five kittens inside were brought to King Phillip Animal Rescue in Plainville.
The kittens appear to be fine, but one's condition is unclear. The carrier was in the sun for an unknown length of time before being reported.
The kittens are so small that they're being syringe- and bottle-fed for the next two weeks. People are encouraged to donate kitten formula to the rescue effort.
Police are seeking the public's help in identifying who left the carrier on the side of the highway.
___
Information from: WCVB-TV, http://www.thebostonchannel.com
Bradley Cooper arrives at the Warner Bros. presentation at CinemaCon 2018, the official convention of the National Association of Theatre Owners, at Caesars Palace on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Las Vegas. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
Bradley Cooper arrives at the Warner Bros. presentation at CinemaCon 2018, the official convention of the National Association of Theatre Owners, at Caesars Palace on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Las Vegas. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Bradley Cooper has unveiled the first trailer for their directorial debut "A Star is Born" for CinemaCon attendees Tuesday evening to hearty applause.
Cooper stars in their remake of "A Star Is Born" alongside Lady Gaga as a burgeoning singer. They say their co-star is a revelation in the film.
Cooper told the audience of theater owners and exhibitors that they know that this movie is a big swing, but says you can't control what moves you.
"A Star is Born" is three years in the making, and features live-singing on real stages at festivals like Glastonbury and Coachella.
It hits theaters on Oct. 5.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Network Rail has been fined hundreds of thousands of pounds after a freight train derailed near Gloucester and sent debris onto the road below.
The incident happened when the train partially derailed four miles south west of Gloucester station before crashing into points further down the line.
This lead to an empty 5.9 tonne container breaking free and falling down an embankment, causing extensive damage and throwing debris into the road below.
Network Rail Infrastructure Limited has been fined £733,000 after a prosecution brought by The Office of Rail and Road, the Government's watchdog for rail safety, following the incident in October 2013.
It received the fine at Bristol Crown Court for failing to undertake adequate maintenance to prevent the derailment of a freight train at the dip in the track.
The ORR found that while staff based at Network Rail's Gloucester maintenance depot had identified an ongoing track defect, made worse by inadequate drainage at the site of the derailment, its short and medium term repairs were ineffective and the planned long term solution had not been implemented.
ORR Head of Network Rail Route Teams, Tom Wake, said: “Given Network Rail's failure to remedy this ongoing fault, it was only a matter of time before a derailment took place, creating a genuine risk to passengers and the public.
“In this instance it was extremely fortunate that the loose container did not fall into the path of an on-coming train or cause injury to the public as it fell.
“The fine issued sends a powerful message to the industry that the ORR is committed to protecting the safety of Britain's railways and will not hesitate to take enforcement action when and where it is necessary.”
Network Rail's safety, technical and engineering director Graham Hopkins told Construction News: “We have come a long way since the derailment of a freight train in Gloucester 2013.
“The derailment highlighted an issue with the network and since then we have developed world leading technology to detect and manage the type of fault that caused this incident and have implemented a strong set of initiatives to deliver repairs that are high-quality and robust first time.
“Our maintenance and renewals processes are designed to provide the highest level of safety for our passengers and train operators, and Britain has the safest railway in Europe.”
Travelers planning a vacation outside the United States have two weeks left before the passport execution fee increases.
On April 2nd (2018), the fee will increase from $25 to $35. According to the U.S. Department of State, the execution fee increase only applies to U.S. passport applicants using the DS-11 form, which includes first-time applicants over 16-years-old, children under 16 and applicants who re-apply after reporting their previous passport lost or stolen.
The fee change will bump the total cost of a U.S. passport to $145 for adults and $115 for children 16 and younger.
Travel.State.Gov:
The $10 fee increase does not apply to adults eligible to renew their passport by mail using the DS-82 form. Renewal customers can mail their application and supporting documentation to the Department of State and should not apply at a passport acceptance facility or pay an execution fee. To learn more about renewing your passport, visit our Renewal page.
Customers applying with the DS-11 form pay two separate fees: an application fee to the U.S. Department of State and the execution fee to the passport acceptance facility. Passport acceptance facilities such as post offices, clerks of court, or public libraries are designated to accept passport applications on behalf of the U.S. Department of State. With more than 7,600 acceptance facility locations, customers applying for the first time can find a convenient location to apply for their passport. Some acceptance facilities are open nights and weekends and take passport photos on-site. Find a location near you using our Acceptance Facility Search Tool.
The Department of State generally sets consular fees at an amount calculated to achieve recovery of the costs to the U.S. government of providing the consular service. The latest Cost of Service Model showed that the costs associated with passport execution were higher than the current fee of $25.
The proposed fee change was published in the Federal Register as a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking and public comments were accepted until November 18, 2016, 60 days after the Notice's publication. The Final Rule, implementing the change, includes the Department's response to relevant comments received.
Article: https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/passports/execution-fee-increases.html
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Rangers will buy out the remaining three years of defenseman Dan Girardi's contract.
General manager Jeff Gorton announced the buyout Wednesday after the team agreed to terms with forward Matt Puempel. Girardi was set to count $5.5 million against the salary cap through 2019-20 and with their no-movement clause would have had to be protected in the upcoming Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft.
By buying out the 33-year-old veteran, the Rangers save almost $2.9 million against the cap next season and almost $1.9 million the following two years.
Team President Glen Sather, who was the GM when New York signed Girardi as an undrafted free agent in 2006, called their contributions immeasurable and said, “He has been a role model through their relentless determination, giving everything they had to this organization both on and off the ice.”
In a statement released through the team, Girardi said, “I poured my heart and soul into this team for the past 11 seasons and I enjoyed every minute of it.”
Girardi becomes an unrestricted free agent and can sign with any team beginning July 1. They had four goals and 11 assists last season and in 788 career NHL games has 46 goals and 184 assists.
Agreeing to terms with Puempel was another move made with the expansion draft in mind. Getting a deal done with the 24-year-old helps New York satisfy the minimum expansion draft requirement of exposing at least two forwards under contract for 2017-18.
The Rangers claimed the 24-year-old Puempel off waivers from Ottawa in November. They had six goals and three assists in 40 games last season and has 10 goals and five assists in 79 career NHL games.
New York also named former player Jed Ortmeyer as director of player development, Steve Eminger as a professional scout and Ben Prentiss as strength and conditioning consultant.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Kloeckner & Co., the global German steel service company with annual revenues of more than $8 billion, is on a roll. Its “Kloeckner & Co. 2022” strategy is aimed at disrupting its industry through an aggressive, innovative digitalization initiative constantly upgraded by a team of 60 software engineers based in Berlin.
That disruption is to create opportunities to attract a wide range of employees ranging from workers acquainted with the processes of sophisticated equipment on the shop floor to a wide range of commercial professionals including those in sales, purchasing and finance.
John Ganem, who is to head starting Jan. 1 Kloeckner Metal Corp., the company's U.S.affiliate based in Roswell, told Global Atlanta in a telephone interview, “One of my biggest initiatives going forward is to build the Kloeckner management team of the future.”
“The industry as a whole has had a hard time attracting young people who have been looking to enter tech, pharma, or financial companies,” they said. “We are beginning to see a lot of generation turnover and we don't have a very deep bench.
“We are asking ourselves how to attract young people into the industry, how do we train them, how do we keep them motivated, especially since we see our business as very different 10 years from now. The move to digital is part of the answer.”
An internal analysis by the global company several years ago concluded that today's steel industry's supply and value chain remains highly inefficient with transactions straight-jacketed by communication technologies limited to telephones, faxes and emails.
“Kloeckner & Co. is a pioneer of change,” reads its promotional material. “That's why we have extended our strategy to be even more digital, efficient and profitable. The main pillars of our strategy are in place. They are supported by a transformation toward a more open, customer-oriented, flexible and digital corporate culture.”
The strategy already has been implemented in Europe through its “One Europe” program with synergies for its services being provided to customers in Belgium, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Austria. A focus on digitalizing purchasing and logistics practices netted more than $9.4 million in the first nine months of this year, according to the company's website.
Now it's the turn for the US program that is to be led by Mr. Ganem, who asserted that the company will benefit from lower costs and greater efficiency, and that its customers “will benefit from an enhanced buying experience as we improve the ways in which we interact with them.”
More specifically, they said that Kloeckner's customers will be able to purchase its products digitally, which will streamline the traditional sales channel and eliminate many antiquated processes.
They added that the corporation is expected to have 60 percent of its sales completed through digital channels by 2022 under a plan launched several years ago by Gisbert Ruhl, the company's CEO.
“There aren't many sentences that we put together that don't include ‘digital'.” they said.
Kloeckner.i, the Berlin lab, is tasked with the rapid development of digital tools and portals to leverage the company's relationships with customers and suppliers. It also is to continually improve solutions for its online order processing system. So far, so good with customers already using digital contract portals, online shops and order overviews.
Mr. Ganem indicated their confidence in the process, saying that “We will create a third way of doing business, be a leader in this kind of transformation and stay ahead of our competition. We also will be able to expand our business either by growing organically or by acquisition.”
Already the corporation services more than 8,000 metalworking businesses throughout the U.S., Puerto Rico and Mexico.
Mr. Ganem went to work in 1991 for a Cleveland, Ohio-based steel company immediately upon their graduation from college and moves into the CEO spot from the position of executive vice president, corporate purchasing. Previously they held a similar executive v.p. position with Macstell Service Centers USA prior to Kloeckner's acquisition of the company in 2011.
In addition to championing the digitalization movement, they also plan to make better use of the data that digitalization provides. This initiative has led to the company's partnering with leading companies in the field of artificial intelligence enabling it to predict more accurately steel demand and price trends along with more in-depth analysis of customer behavior.
While pushing the envelope on the production side, Kloeckner Metal Corp. also is expanding its investment in the Southeast with the $11 million expansion of its plant in Greenville, S.C., to provide a new line of high strength steel for the automotive industry which wants to manufacture lighter, more fuel efficient cars.
It also is willing to partner with other companies to develop new products and partnered with a Chinese company, Double Stone Steel Ltd., to produce and market physical vapor deposition (PVD) processing equipment to meet the demand for more color options in surface-treated stainless steel.
And Mr. Ganem said that they plan to continue the corporation's policy of becoming actively involved in supporting the communities where it is involved both domestically and abroad.
Domestically the corporation sponsored a food drive on behalf of an Indianapolis, Ind., food bank, and helped a fund raiser in Santa Fe Springs, Calif., which collected $20,000 to help cure cystic fibrosis.
Internationally, in response to the devastation of Hurricane Matthew last year, Kloeckner donated two wide painted metal coils to rebuild buildings in Haiti. The coils had been run through the roll former at Tulsa, Okla.-based Metal Panels Inc., a partner in the initiative, turning the metal coils into roofing panels.
Cross Catholic International, the Washington-based non-profit of the Catholic Chuch, in turn distributed the materials in Haiti for the rebuild or repair of 260 homes and 20 religious buildings and orphanages.
Kloeckner, Metal Partners and Cross Catholic also have partnered in El Salvador where they have helped expand the facilities of schools, churches and hospitals.
Despite the corporation's positive prospects, Mr. Ganem knows that they will need new employees and is planning to develop summer internships for students and conduct not only more active recruiting but formal management training as well.
“We will want our employees to learn the business from top to bottom and from bottom to top,” they said. In keeping with this initiative, Kloeckner has developed an Emerging Leaders Program that brings employees from North America and Europe to Berlin so that they can learn together more about the gain company and gain leadership experience.
Kloeckner Metals Corp. has more than 50 locations around the US, with more than 2,400 employees. It is a member company of Kloeckner & Co., a distribution and service network of 190 locations in 13 countries, servicing over 130,000 customers.
For more information about Kloeckner, go to www.kloecknermetals.com
Under Belgian law employers are bound to report the practice to the privacy commission. Last year the commission received 1,057 reports. The number of cameras and locations where employees are being filmed is far greater because e.g. a chain store that films its workers in all its outlets up and down the country is only counted once.
The privacy commission believes more and more employers are jumping on the bandwagon. Piet Van den Bergh of the Christian union told De Tijd that cameras on the work floor have become commonplace, especially at check-outs and other sensitive locations.
Employers are installing cameras for several reasons: to safeguard the health and safety of employees, to protect their belongings, to check the production process and to keep tabs on staff. However, filming staff is not allowed on a permanent basis.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lawyer who has won justice for hundreds of abused children has been honoured for their work.
Peter Garsden, 59, from Macclesfield won the Life Time Achievement honour at the Claims Management Awards after more than two decades seeking compensation for victims of child abuse.
The grandfather of two, who lives in Rainow with wife Jan, is head of the specialist abuse claims department at Manchester law firm Simpson Millar and has represented victims of historic sex abuse and helped establish current law and practise in the area.
 They are currently working with four charities in petitioning the Education Secretary to introduce a new law forcing schools, faith groups, sports bodies, the NHS, and nurseries, to inform local authorities of all allegations and incidents of suspected and known abuse.  They are also seeking to abolish time limits in child abuse cases.
The decision to offer Peter the award was unanimous by a panel of judges from within the claims industry.
Peter, who is dad to Alexandra and Vanessa and performs with Macclesfield Majestic Theatre Group, said: “I'm delighted to be recognised for the award. “It's extremely important for clients to have an empathetic and understanding attitude from a solicitor which is what I strive for.
“I am involved in campaigns in the area of child abuse, which includes removing the time limit for abuse victims to come forward, making it mandatory to report abuse cases and for childen in care to have better access to their records.”
One of those judges was Sue Nash, senior consultant with Elite Law Solicitors who recognised Peter's contribution as being ‘above and beyond'.
Sue said: “Peter has represented victims of historic child sexual abuse since before it was even a recognised practice area. They worked tirelessly to develop a system to track and cross-refer information to corroborate victims' accounts before anyone had recognised the scale of the problem. Their commitment to some of society's most vulnerable has never wavered – sometimes at great personal and financial cost.”
Peter was a driving force behind the launch of the Association of Child Abuse Lawyers which provides specialist training in this area. They have been instructed in over 25 group actions – including one of the largest ever involving child abuse.
CRAWFORDSVILLE, Ind. (AP) - A judge has sentenced a central Indiana woman to 120 years in prison for fatally stabbing their young children hours after their husband filed for divorce.
Thirty-one-year-old Brandi Worley learned their sentence Monday after they pleaded guilty in January to two counts of murder for killing their son, 7-year-old Tyler Worley, and their daughter, 3-year-old Charlee Worley, in November 2016. Them husband was asleep downstairs at the time at the family's Darlington home, about 40 miles northwest of Indianapolis.
Worley gave no statement at the sentencing, and their attorney said there was no explanation for what they did.
Court documents have said Worley told police they killed the children because they didn't want their husband to take them. They also are treated for self-inflicted stab wounds to their neck.
FRANKFURT May 3 German lighting group Osram wants to finish restructuring its LSS lighting-services unit before considering further options for the business, its chief executive told analysts on Wednesday.
"I think we create more value if we lead the turnaround and then we are thinking about the strategic options," Olaf Berlien said when asked on a call whether Osram was the right owner for the business.
LSS has a target to reach 8 percent profitability but may only achieve breakeven next year instead of this fiscal year to end-September as planned, due to weakness in the United States, executives said earlier. (Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Edward Taylor)
The following is a guest contributed post from Howard Schneider, Senior Loyalty Consultant, Kobie Marketing
As 2017 begins, the majority of marketers plan to devote more of their budget to driving customer loyalty. This makes sense – as the retail space grows more competitive and price comparisons ever more available, marketers are hoping that brand loyalty will keep current shoppers from jumping ship.
But implementing a good loyalty program takes time and effort, and the wrong strategies can be more of a drain on resources than a boost to customer relationships. How can you design a program that benefits you and your customers?
As market leaders look for differentiated and creative ways to engage their customers and earn their loyalty, here are a few tips to guide the best loyalty program practices:
Differentiate by being true to your brand
First, understand that no two loyalty programs should look alike, although the truth is that many marketers start their program design by matching their competition. Your strategy should play to the strengths of your brand, informed by the reasons customers shop with you in the first place.
Are you a luxury brand known for personalized service? Then your rewards need to go beyond delivering dollars off rewards. That's why you'll see a brand like Neiman Marcus offering wardrobe consultations. Are you a lifestyle brand for savvy young professionals? As a fashion brand, you might offer a sweepstake that gives members an opportunity to be a part of a photo shoot or meet top designers.
Your loyalty program should support what your brand is already bringing to the table. There are dozens of retail programs offering rewards of $5 off, $10 off or more – simply match that structure and you've just invited your customers to compare rewards like they compare prices. You may need the dollar off reward for table stakes, but you need to go beyond that to make loyal customers feel appreciated and create emotional loyalty.
Solve problems for your customers
Solving frequent problems goes hand in hand with differentiating your brand, because the first brand to do it in their industry owns the innovation. Think of how the popularity of Starbucks Rewards burgeoned once the mobile app combined paying for your beverage and earning stars into one quick and easy scan – no one remembers that there was a program prior to the mobile app version of Starbucks Rewards.
Similarly, the Hilton Honors app's virtual key functionality enables members to skip the lobby and go straight to their rooms. This can save a member as much as 30 minutes at a busy airport hotel after all the 5:00 p.m. flights land and the lines at the desk become reminiscent of the lines for the most popular ride at a theme park. Such features solve problems and provide the brand with a way to show they care about how their members experience their brand.
Reward customers for helping you out
Loyalty is a two-way street and today's customers recognize that there is an economic value in posting images of themselves using, eating or wearing your products. You should consider rewarding customers for activities that have a proven hard value to you, beyond their direct purchases.
For example, an increasing number of brands reward shoppers with points for posting online reviews. This gives you valuable feedback about products and serves as word-of-mouth marketing. Additionally, members might earn points for referring a friend who makes a purchase. The trick is to identify the economic value of the activity and award the appropriate number of points for it.
Integrate your mobile offerings
Let's face it: not many people will keep your brand's reward card in their wallet or on a keychain anymore. For customers to adopt a loyalty program, they need an on-the-go experience that is streamlined and convenient. The mobile apps that gain popularity are those on which customers can quickly check and redeem rewards and even pay for their purchase using those rewards in variable amounts or for items in a regularly updated reward catalog.
Combining payment, rewards, offers and coupons in one convenient app supports a frictionless shopping experience. Brands like Target have been piloting mobile apps where customers can access information about their rewards, scan barcodes to check for deals, search store maps and even report transactions missing points by simply scanning their receipt. They can also tweak the appearance of the app based on their liking – a simple perk that personalizes the experience and creates an engagement opportunity.
Customer loyalty is more valuable than ever, and competitive brands are raising the standards for the rewards model. Shoppers expect more from their favorite brands, and they'll move on quickly if they feel more appreciated with competitors. To gain a leg up in 2017, a strong loyalty program remains a necessity.
The water quality analyzer market is largely propelled by the rising awareness and improvements in quality of water required for specific applications across all end-user industries. Advancements in technology are improving the understanding of effects of water quality on various applications, thereby leading to higher demand for water quality analyzers. Furthermore, implementation of stringent government regulations in most developed countries with regard to better quality of drinking water and rise in concerns over water pollution and wastewater management are some of the major factors propelling the water quality analyzer market across the globe. Industrial waste water causes severe damage to the environment, including local water bodies. Governments and environment protection organizations are therefore compelling industries to pretreat and analyze the water which is discarded. This is boosting the water quality analyzer market. However, the costs associated with testing and analyzing wastewater are usually high. Companies in the developing economies are largely ignorant about water analysis. This is restraining the water quality analyzer market in developing regions.
Request Brochure @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19940
The water quality analyzer market, in terms of type has been segmented into TOC analyzer, pH meter, multiparameter colorimeter, turbidity meter, dissolved gas (oxygen) meter, and others. Among the products, pH meters and TOC analyzers accounted for significant share of the water quality analyzer market across the globe. The criticality of pH levels, i.e. acidity or alkalinity of water, in several applications makes pH analyzers significantly important. These products or analyzers can be either portable or bench mounted depending upon the location of water and functionality. Based on application, the water quality analyzer market has been classified into industrial, environmental, laboratory, sanitation and sewage treatment, and others. Industrial and laboratory applications accounted for the large share of the water quality analyzer market in 2015, as they need close monitoring of water quality for efficient functioning of equipment & machinery and accurate results in case of laboratory applications.
Request for Customisation @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=19940
Key players manufacturing water quality analyzers include General Electric Company, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Forbes Marshall, Emerson Electric Co., Honeywell International Inc., and Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge.
Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR's syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
As the Pittsburgh Steelers wrap up their last practice session of the week, the team has released their final injury report ahead of their game against the Jacksonville Jaguars. After seeing a number of players miss the Week 4 matchup with the Baltimore Ravens, only Marcus Gilbert is expected to miss the game on Sunday.
While the week started well for them as a full participant in practice on Wednesday, Gilbert was held out from training on Thursday and Friday as they continue to struggle with a hamstring injury. Chris Hubbard will continue to man the right tackle position until Gilbert can return.
With no other names listed on the report, the Steelers are in surprisingly good health with a quarter of the regular season done. Although Bud Dupree, Jesse James and Ryan Shazier were limited on Wednesday, all three were able to take a full part in practice the rest of the week. The same can be said for Ramon Foster, Sean Davis and Stephon Tuitt, a group held out altogether on Wednesday.
James Harrison and Mike Mitchell might have missed Week 4 action, but both were full participants at practice all week and should be back in uniform on Sunday. While Mitchell is expected to resume their starting role, there is no guarantee Harrison will see many snaps barring injury elsewhere.
Steelers:
Out: No players listed
Doubtful: Marcus Gilbert (Hamstring)
Questionable: No players listed
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Steelers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Jaguars-Steelers Friday injury report pic.twitter.com/Y6Y2isRSG5 — Michael DiRocco (@ESPNdirocco) October 6, 2017
In their own way, Travis Konecny makes an impact in Flyers' win
In their own way, Travis Konecny makes an impact in Flyers' win Mar 18
Flyers' Petr Mrazek hopes to get call in return to Detroit; Red Wings reeling
Flyers' Petr Mrazek hopes to get call in return to Detroit; Red Wings reeling Mar 19
Sam Carchidi became an Inquirer staff writer in 1984 and covered mostly South Jersey high school sports and the Phillies before taking the Flyers beat. Carchidi has written three books: the nationally acclaimed Miracle in the Making: The Adam Taliaferro Story, which they co-authored with Scott Brown; Bill Campbell: The Voice of Philadelphia Sports ; and Standing Tall: The Kevin Everett Story , which was featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show. They also contributed to a 1993 Inquirer book on the Phillies. A lifelong South Jersey resident, Carchidi lives in Wenonah with their wife, JoAnn, and their two children, Sara and Sammy.
Flyers center Sean Couturier (second from left) celebrates their goal in an early-season win over Washington. The teams will meet Sunday at 5 p.m. at the Wells Fargo Center.
Capitals (41-23-7) at Flyers (36-25-11)
WHEN: 5 p.m. Sunday
WHERE: Wells Fargo Center.
BROADCAST & STREAMING: NBCSP, NBCSports.com/live, 97.5 FM
SOCIAL MEDIA COVERAGE: @BroadStBull and @samdonnellon on Twitter
KEY PLAYERS: There's lots of motivation for both teams because, in addition to jockeying for a high position in the Metropolitan Division, it could be a preview of the opening round of the playoffs.
Washington is atop the Metro, six points ahead of the third-place Flyers.
The game will match two of the NHL's most explosive scorers — Washington's Alex Ovechkin (42 goals, 76 points) and Claude Giroux (26 goals, 83 points). It will also match two of the league's highest-scoring defensemen — the Caps' John Carlson (57 points) and Shayne Gostisbehere (52 points).
Washington will be without its second-leading scorer, injured center Evgeny Kuznetsov (71 points).
The Flyers scored three third-period goals in a 5:52 span and rallied past Carolina, 4-2, on Saturday. They had lost seven of their previous eight games.
Washington has won four straight, during which it has scored 18 goals.
The Caps will be playing their third game in about 72 hours, and the Flyers will be playing their second game in 22 hours.
Caps coach Barry Trotz will decide whether to use Braden Holtby or Phillipp Grubauer in the nets. Holtby has struggled most of the season but played well Friday in their first start in five games. Grubauer has been outstanding, going 11-3-2 (four no-decisions) with a 1.68 GAA and .944 save percentage in their last 20 games.
Rookie Alex Lyon played admirably Saturday in the Flyers' 4-2 win in Carolina, but coach Dave Hakstol said they were leaning toward using Petr Mrazek because of the back-to-back games. Mrazek won their first three starts with the Flyers, but has won just once in their last seven outings.
THINGS TO KNOW: Sean Couturier (29 goals, 66 points) has been playing a solid all-around game, but they haven't scored a goal in the last 14 games…..Nicklas Backstrom has 50 points in 41 career games against the Flyers, while Ovechkin has 53 points, including 32 goals, in 48 games against Philadelphia……On Saturday, Giroux had their eight-game points streak snapped, and Andrew MacDonald had six of the Flyers' 24 blocked shots…The Flyers are 19-12-5 on the road, but just 17-13-6 at home….Jake Voracek has 59 assists, one behind Winnipeg's Blake Wheeler, who leads the NHL.
HEAD TO HEAD: The Flyers have won two of three games against the Caps, winning 8-2 and 2-1 (overtime), and dropping the most recent matchup, a 5-3 decision on Jan. 31. The Flyers blew a 2-0 lead in that loss. All-time, the Flyers have a 113-74-19-8 record against the Caps.
COMING FLYERS GAMES:
Tuesday: 7:30 p.m. at Detroit.
Thursday: 7 p.m. vs. New York Rangers.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin, of Russia, stands on the ice during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between the Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights is scheduled for Wednesday. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin, of Russia, stands on the ice during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between the Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights is scheduled for Wednesday. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Strip has hosted countless events over the years, featuring stars on stage and in the ring.
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list.
And, Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow.
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals, co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes.
There also were big hits, some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night.
Washington's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas' Jonathan Marchessault after they passed the puck in Game 1. Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
MEXICO CITY (AP) - Three vanished film students whose case had become emblematic of Mexico's 30,000 missing people were killed after being caught unaware in the midst of a drug gang turf battle, officials say.
Prosecutors in the western state of Jalisco said late Monday the three were abducted by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel because they were filming a school project at a house used by the rival Nueva Plaza gang. The students were using the residence on the outskirts of the city of Guadalajara because it belonged to one of their aunts.
"Without knowing it, the students were in a very dangerous place which was being watched by hit men from the New Generation cartel," the prosecutor's office said. The aunt was implicated in a human trafficking case involving prostitution at massage parlors in the city of Guadalajara.
The students' fate horrified Mexico: Prosecutors said they were killed and their bodies dissolved in acid.
"Words can't describe the dimension of this madness," Oscar-winning Mexican director Guillermo del Toro wrote on Twitter. "Three students are killed and dissolved in acid. The 'why' is unthinkable, the 'how' is terrifying."
The killing appeared to be a case of mistaken identity.
Prosecutors said the New Generation cartel lookouts who were watching the house mistook the students for rival gang members and abducted them on a road after they left the house.
Prosecutors said the gang took the students to a safe house and interrogated them. The gang beat one student so badly they died, leading them to kill the other two, officials said. They then took them to another house, where prosecutors found jugs and tubs of sulfuric acid.
Traces of blood and the DNA of two of the students were found at the houses.
Two suspects have been arrested and several others are being sought. Officials close to the investigation said one of the suspects arrested is a local rapper who has some following on social media.
Investigators also found fake detectives' credentials at the houses, and prosecutors said the killers apparently posed as detectives when they pulled the students over.
One gang leader had already been arrested at the aunt's house in 2015 and police had received reports of armed men hanging out at the property in 2017.
"The effects of crime and violence against any person is bad enough, but it is worse when it is a case of young people who have a future, who are studying, who are working for Mexico," said Luis Gonzalez Perez, president of the country's National Human Rights Commission.
Condolences for the victims' families also came in from the country's film institute and candidates in the July 1 presidential elections.
A crisis in Darjeeling seems to be underway after parties in the North Bengal hills came together and called for the formation of a separate state; Gorkhaland .Violent protests broke out in Darjeeling in the wake of the Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee's' decision to impose Bengali in all schools from class 1 to 12.
The crisis has been brewing for decades as Gorkhaland consists of Nepali-speaking people of Darjeeling, Kalimpong and other hilly districts who don't have much connection with the Bengali community in terms of ethnicity, culture and language. They later clarified stating that their government has no intention of making Bengali compulsory in schools in Darjeeling, but the damage was already done.
The parties' agreement on Tuesday for the creation of a separate state sent a loud message to the state government. The Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF) that partnered the ruling Trinamool Congress in the civic polls only last month also fully endorsed the push for a separate state, embarrassing chief minister Mamata Banerjee.
For the Scroll, Shoaib Daniyal writes –
“The Trinamool's politics came to fruit last month as it won the Mirik municipality in Darjeeling district. This win is highly significant as it is the first time a non-Gorkha party has won anything in the hills for three decades – ever since the Gorkhaland movement took off.”
This win has provided momentum for the GJM (Gorkha Janmukti Morcha) to agitate around the issue of language identity even after the Trinamool has backtracked from its Bengali-is-compulsory stand.
According to a Time of India report, the BJP took part in the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM)-sponsored all-party meeting and an apolitical outfit to advance the cause for a separate state. The GJM president Bimal Gurung posted a statement that read –
“The all-party meeting called by (GJM) ended in a unanimous decision to fight for a separate state of Gorkhaland. Apart from the vow to fight for Gorkhaland, two resolutions were adopted in Tuesday's meeting.”
Tuesday saw incidents of stone-pelting on the second day of the GJM-sponsored indefinite bandh. As a result, the centre dispatched 600 paramilitary personnel to assist the West Bengal government in helping to bring peace and restoring normalcy in the violence-hit Darjeeling hills.
However, GJM General Secretary Roshan Giri told PTI, “The police resorted to unprovoked lathi-charge on a peaceful rally. The more they use force against us, the more intense will be the struggle for a separate Gorkhaland state”.
On Tuesday, the general strike took an ugly turn after three SUVs packed with 15 tourists from Mumbai, including five children, headed to Siliguri from Darjeeling were stopped by Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) supporters, reports the Times of India.
The Hindu editorial called for the central and the state government to do more to calm the situation –
“Watching from the sidelines is the Bharatiya Janata Party, which is keen to expand its base in the State. While the State government must be firm and quick to quell cries for the formation of a separate state in the border region, the GJM should tread carefully as a spiral of violence hurts hill-dwellers the most.
The editorial points out how tourism and business will be affected should the situation in the region become worse -
“With May and June constituting the peak tourist season, the GJM has, for now, kept hotels, shops and transport facilities outside the purview of the shutdown. It is the peak season for the Darjeeling tea too, with the second flush harvesting on. This eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation spells fresh trouble for a region that depends on tourism and tea for its survival.”
According to a report in the Times of India, tourists were scared and wanted to leave immediately as one person said “We had arrived on Thursday and were to leave later, but chose to do so on Tuesday due to the worsening atmosphere. All we want is to leave this place immediately. It is a nightmare”. Others were sympathetic of the situation.
Did not want everything to be closed here, not ideal for tourists, but we understand the sentiments of the people: Tourist #DarjeelingUnrest pic.twitter.com/RdZoTNeAMW — ANI (@ANI_news) 14 June 2017
The Indian Express editorial states both sides are to share the blame; where it was not correct for the Chief Minister to announce the rule without consulting the organization that prevails in the town.
“Given that language has been a fraught issue in the Darjeeling hills for more than a century, it was imprudent, in the first place, for the chief minister to have made the announcement without consulting the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA), the semi-autonomous body that runs the affairs of the hill town.”
The editorial does not fault the GJM and other Gorkha parties for resisting the rule but does point out the usefulness of a new language –
“The GJM — and other Gorkha parties — are not wrong in resisting “imposition of Bengali”. But identity politics aside, there is something utilitarian about learning a language. Learning the language, formally, will only help expand their economic avenues in West Bengal. For that to happen, however, all parties concerned will have to shed their intransigence, and look at the issue beyond immediate political gains.”
An editorial by Live Mint stated that the current agitation has old roots but it's now being used in aid of a turf war –
“It is was only six years ago that the GJM signed a peace deal of sorts with this same government, led by chief minister Mamata Banerjee—which in turn led to the establishment of the GTA, the empowered avatar of the erstwhile Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council, in 2012.”
The editorial goes on to address the issue of why there is unrest in the hills again –
“The answer lies partly in the fact that ‘the Darjeeling problem' was never quite solved. The state's plan to quell the demand for Gorkhaland by giving the locals more autonomy brought only limited results… while the protest has its roots in long-standing ethnic and linguistic factors, the current flare-up is the result of a political turf war between Banerjee and their Trinamool Congress (TMC) party on the one hand, and the GJM and its ally, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), on the other.”
An Echo of India editorial on Sunday called for unity in the face of the unrest in the hills –
“The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) had a free run of the Darjeeling town on Thursday (Jun 8th) at a time when the Chief Minister and the entire State Cabinet were present. The widespread vandalism that the GJM indulged – or rather could indulge – in almost with gay abandon raises several questions.”
The editorial points to a communication gap in between the locals and the administration –
“That the Morcha succeeded in its propaganda implies that there is a communication and credibility gap between the local people and the civil administration. This gap needs to be closed speedily so that the Morcha cannot whip up public feelings by taking recourse to false propaganda in future”.
“What the Morcha could succeed in doing also underlines another important fact: development alone is not enough to win over the hill people. Equally necessary is to establish social and personal contact with them. It is only through a long process of interaction that the feeling of ‘we' and ‘they' can be overcome and the basis for a permanent and lasting peace in the hills can be laid.”
A report in Outlook stated that the President of the PCC, a unit of the Indian National Congress, said the unrest in Darjeeling is due to the revenge politics by the Mamata Banerjee. They accused them of resorting to the politics of threats and intimidation saying, “The common man in the hills and tourists are now in a miserable condition caught between the 'Didigiri' of CM. This tactic they had employed in the plains in past also by using the weapon of threat-temptation.”
The Hindustan Times editorial argued for the Chief Minister's plan to expand, but suggests that it may not be accepted by locals –
“Ms Banerjee is within their rights to plan expansion of Trinamool Congress in the hills, but it will be quite impossible to be accepted as a party representing local aspirations. The need for army help was also an indication how fragile the situation is in the hills.”
“Any reasonably permanent solution to the Darjeeling problem cannot be achieved by brushing under the carpet the fact that the Gorkhas are aspiring to establish their identity. Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's hill strategy has essentially treated it as a development question that, they think, is an outcome of the neglect of the hills by successive governments in Bengal.”
With the formation of Telangana on July 20, 2013, the movement for Gorkhaland state again intensifies. Making their stance clear, Mamata Banerjee has said that “Bengal cannot suffer the pain of yet another partition”.
Looking ahead, amidst fear of a shrinking voter base, the Gorkha National Liberation Front said that there was no future in allying with the Trinamool Congress in the Hills, as reported by News18. Their spokesperson, Neeraj Zimba Tamang said, “There is a strong feeling among the people for a separate Gorkhaland and we are being branded as a party that is against it. We lost a huge vote share in the municipal election. We have decided to stay away from the TMC as there is no feasibility and no common objective.”
Farmers' protests: Loan waivers won't solve BJP's problems
NDTV raids: Attack on Press or just another fraud case?
Army Chief's new tactics in 'dirty war' raises hackles
In the name of the cow
FILE - In this Tuesday, March 27, 2018 file photo, Saudi Arabia coach Juan Antonio Pizzi yells from the sideline during an international friendly soccer match between Belgium and Saudi Arabia at King Baudouin stadium in Brussels. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert, File)
FILE - In this Tuesday, March 27, 2018 file photo, Saudi Arabia coach Juan Antonio Pizzi yells from the sideline during an international friendly soccer match between Belgium and Saudi Arabia at King Baudouin stadium in Brussels. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert, File)
After dozens of coaching changes in the last 25 years, Saudi Arabia has a proven winner in charge for this year's World Cup.
Juan Antonio Pizzi led Chile to the 2016 Copa America title, but it won't likely be easy for the Argentine to get their new team to play the same kind of high-octane, pressing style they used in South America.
Most of the squad heading to Russia doesn't have any significant experience playing club football outside their homeland. The team is currently the lowest ranked of the 32 participants at No. 70.
Saudi sports authorities tried to change that by sending nine players, including four internationals, on a half-season loan to Spanish clubs in January. Although wingers Fahad Al Muwallad and Salam Al Dawsari, and midfielder Yahya Al Sherhi are being exposed to different training methods, they have not played a competitive game.
The Saudis made their World Cup debut in 1994, reaching the round of 16. Since then, the team has gone through more than 30 coaching changes while qualifying for the 1998, 2002 and 2006 tournaments and going out in the group stage.
Bert van Marwijk, who coached the Netherlands to the 2010 World Cup final, led Saudi Arabia through the most recent qualification campaign but failed to agree on a new contract to lead the team in Russia.
Edgardo Bauza replaced the Dutchman, but they lasted only two months. The Argentine was fired in November after underwhelming performances in five friendlies and was replaced by Pizzi.
Here's a closer look at the Saudi Arabia team:
COACH
Pizzi took over after failing to qualify for the World Cup with Chile.
The 49-year-old coach's target is making the round of 16. There have been signs so far of an attempt to introduce more of a passing style instead of the direct strategy used in the two years under Van Marwijk.
GOALKEEPERS
Four goalkeepers were called up for the recent warm-up games and Pizzi isn't fixed on a starter.
Walled Abdullah and Yasser Al Mosailem appear to be vying for the role. Abdullah is more experienced and is likely to be better able to handle physical challenges, although Mosailem performed well in a 1-1 draw with Ukraine in March.
DEFENDERS
The back four is an experienced unit but with three likely starters over 30 they are susceptible to pace from opponents.
The 34-year-old Omasa Hawsawi and 32-year-old Omar Hawsawi are set to partner in the center.
MIDFIELDERS
Much depends on Abdullah Otayf, a holding midfielder who has drawn comparisons with Luka Modric of Real Madrid.
If Saudi Arabia can start to play out from the back, the 25-year-old Otayf can make the team tick.
Taisir Al-Jassim, who has made more than 130 international appearances, adds to the solidity in the center while Al-Shehri provides creativity going forward.
FORWARDS
The team lacks a proven scorer at the top level with Mohammad Al-Sahlawi and Nasser Al-Shamrani both over 30 and not convincing against strong defenses.
The wide players are vital. Salem Al Dawsari and Fahad Al Muwallad, the most talented player available, provide much of the threat, although both have been sitting on the sidelines in Spain.
GROUP GAMES
The Saudis will be based in St. Petersburg but will play their opening match against host Russia in Moscow on June 14. That will be followed by a trip to Rostov-on-Don to play Uruguay on June 20 and to Volgograd to take on Egypt on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Last October, US president Donald Trump visited Puerto Rico for a photo op, 13 days after Hurricane Maria had ripped across the island, leaving its residents, communities, roadways and power grid in tatters.
“I've been to Puerto Rico many times as, I think, most of you have known. And I've always loved it. And your weather is second to none, but every once in a while you get hit. And you really got hit,” Trump told the crowds greeting him.
“Every death is a horror. But if you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina, and you look at the tremendous hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people that died, and you look at what happened here with, really, a storm that was just totally overpowering, nobody has ever seen anything like this. What is your death count, as of this moment – 17?”
Someone at the gathering told the president the figure was slightly lower: 16. “16 people certified. 16 people versus in the thousands,” Trump said. “You can be very proud of all of your people, all of our people working together. 16 versus literally thousands of people. You can be very proud. Everybody around this table and everybody watches can really be very proud.”
Trump emphasised all that the federal government had done to assist Puerto Rico when they wrapped up their speech.
“I appreciate your support and I know you appreciate our support, because our country has really gone all out to help. And it's not only dangerous, it's expensive, it's everything,” they said. “But I consider it a great honour, maybe because I know so many people from Puerto Rico that are such great people. I come from New York.”
Death toll
On Tuesday the New England Journal of Medicine published a new estimate of the lives lost on Puerto Rico due to Hurricane Maria: about 4,600. That stands in stark contrast to the 16 deaths the president cited in October, and the official death toll of 64 that the Puerto Rican government has stood by for months.
To put the tragedy in context, consider the death tolls from other recent hurricanes.
Hurricane Camille, one of the most brutal hurricanes to hit the US in the late 20th century, made landfall in Mississippi in 1969 and left about 260 dead. Hurricane Andrew killed about 65 people when it swept across the Bahamas and Florida in 1992. Hurricane Irma left about 130 dead last year; Hurricane Harvey, a companion of sorts to Irma, killed about 110.
Hurricane Katrina, which Trump cited as benchmark of catastrophe, left about 1,800 dead after it made landfall in Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi in 2013. Some 3,000 people died in the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Centre in September, 2001.
Compared to all of these events, Hurricane Maria represents an epic loss of life. And the New England Journal noted that its estimate of about 4,600 dead on Puerto Rico “is likely to be an underestimate”. It said that the “mortality rate remained high through the end of December 2017, and one third of the deaths were attributed to delayed or interrupted health care”.
Reporters on the ground in Puerto Rico last autumn saw this coming. As they toured the island after Maria hit, it was obvious that Puerto Rico's heavily damaged hospital system and unreliable power grid would conspire to produce deaths well in excess of the government's (and Trump's) lowball figure of 16.
“It's unclear what is happening with the deceased who are at the morgues of the 51 hospitals that have had to close their doors,” the Miami Herald wondered last fall. BuzzFeed News provided an answer about what was happening to some of the corpses that were piling up at the time: They were being burned.
When I visited Puerto Rico in November, I noted that it was “swamped in a humanitarian crisis, with running water still unavailable in some areas, roadways in disrepair, thousands of people living in shelters and about 100,000 people estimated to have fled since the hurricane hit on September 20th”.
A perfect ‘10'
Puerto Rico's challenges were perfectly suited to a veteran builder and a self-described man of action like Trump, yet they seemed uninspired by – and unengaged with – the task at hand.
A reminder of the timeline surrounding Trump's response to Hurricane Maria is instructive. Two days after the storm made landfall on Puerto Rico, Trump was campaigning in Alabama and said nothing about it. Their first tweets about Maria weren't posted until September 25th. Their first situation room meeting in the White House to discuss how to respond to the catastrophe occurred a day later.
To be sure, Puerto Rico presented unique challenges. It is mountainous, surrounded by water, and plagued by corruption and political mismanagement. Yet some of these problems faced the Obama administration when it responded in 2010 to an earthquake in Haiti. There, the US deployed 8,000 troops in a couple of days. Two weeks later, 22,000 troops had been dispatched. The Trump administration had only 7,200 members of the military in Puerto Rico two weeks after Hurricane Maria touched down.
Trump, undaunted, gave themselves a “10” when asked by White House reporters to grade the federal response to Hurricane Maria about a month after it first ravaged Puerto Rico. That perfect self-assessment came at a time when electricity and potable water were still in short supply on the island.
Puerto Rico's residents remain saddled today with an unreliable power grid, despite billions of spending and public-private partnerships overseen by the US government and the Trump administration that were meant to address the problem.
More than infrastructure is also at stake in Puerto Rico, of course. Lives have been lost; about 4,600 of them, and counting. With the next hurricane season just around the corner, Trump has a brief window to try to secure Puerto Rico's future – and actually earn their 10. – Bloomberg
© AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite US, Canada Vow to Boost Cooperation Ahead of NAFTA Talks
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — President Donald Trump is set to announce the appointment of a Republican campaign donor Kelly Knight Craft as the next ambassador to Canada, US media reported.
The announcement is expected on Wednesday evening, Bloomberg News reported citing a White House official.
Craft has accepted an offer to serve as the US envoy to Canada in early May, but the administration's final decision was not made public at that point, according to the media.
The nominee's husband, billionaire Joe Craft who serve as the CEO of Alliance Resource Partners, has given $2 million to Karl Rove's American Crossroads Super PAC in 2010, $250,000 in 2014, and $500,000 each to other Republican super PACs, according to US Center For Responsive Politics.
SAN DIEGO (AP) - Clemson isn't all about football.
The Tigers are pretty good at basketball, too, and are going to the Sweet 16 for the first time in 21 years.
Gabe DeVoe scored 22 points and Elijah Thomas had 18 points and 11 rebounds for Clemson, which closed the first half with a 25-4 run that helped it beat cold-shooting Auburn 84-53 on Sunday and advance to the Midwest Region semifinal.
"I think it's a statement game," Clemson guard Marcquise Reed said. "I think we showed how hard we can compete defensively. I think it's a real good game for us moving forward."
In a matchup between Southern schools better known for football - Clemson won the national championship two seasons ago - the No. 5 seed Clemson Tigers proved far more adept on the hardwood than the No. 4 seed Auburn Tigers.
The blowout win put Clemson (25-9) into the Sweet 16 for the fourth time overall and the first since 1997, earning it a spot against Kansas in the regional semifinal.
It was a humbling end for Auburn (26-8), which played this season under the cloud of a federal investigation into corruption in college basketball.
The final 10½ minutes of the first half were a nightmare for Auburn, which made only 6 of 33 shots (18.2 percent) in the first half and 17 of 66 overall (25.8 percent).
"I really don't know where we lost our focus," Auburn guard Bryce Brown said. "All I can really honestly remember is they had a few stretches where they came down and knocked down shots and we had a few stretches where we came down and took kind of bad shots at times and that led to easy fast breaks for them."
Jared Harper made a jumper with 10:33 before halftime to pull Auburn to 18-15. The Tigers then missed their next 18 field goals as Clemson raced to a 43-19 halftime lead.
Clemson scored 17 straight points, highlighted by 3-pointers by Anthony Oliver II and DeVoe, to make it 35-15.
Chuma Okeke made two free throws for Auburn, but the Tigers still couldn't hit a field goal. They got two more free throws by Mustapha Heron with 1:20 to go.
Auburn finally snapped the drought from the field when Bryce Brown hit a 3-pointer 44 seconds into the second half. All that did was pull the Tigers within 21 points.
"I felt like they had a couple of good looks and they weren't able to knock them down," DeVoe said. "But we play well defensively like that. The easy looks don't go in all the time. I think pressure and our defensive intensity really bottled them up offensively."
The drought "was just bad for us early and it affected what we could do offensively and defensively," Auburn's Jarred Harper said.
"We just got away from playing offense together and playing defense together," Davion Mitchell said.
Heron and Bryce Brown scored 12 points apiece for Auburn and Horace Spencer had 10.
Reed added 16 for Clemson and Shelton Mitchell had 10.
The rout was so complete that Clemson subbed in two walk-ons for the final two minutes.
QUOTABLE
"I don't know how long since we've been to the Sweet 16, but I know for a fact this won't be the last time," Oliver said. "We have a special group of guys, not only for this year but for next year and the year after that."
BIG PICTURE
Clemson made 10 of 26 3-pointers. DeVoe made 6 of 9.
Auburn heads into an uncertain offseason. Assistant coach Chuck Person was indicted as part of a federal investigation that cost two of Auburn's best players their eligibility. Person was accused of accepting bribes to steer players to a financial adviser once they turned pro and funneling money to the families of Austin Wiley and Danjel Purifoy. Neither played this season.
STATS
The 25 wins ties Clemson's school record. ... This was Clemson's largest margin of victory in the NCAAs. The previous largest was an 83-70 win against Saint Mary's in 1989.
UP NEXT
Clemson plays top-seeded Kansas on Friday in Omaha.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Aaron Nola will get to pitch in front of their home fans in Philadelphia a final time Wednesday before they likely gets the chance to pitch in the All-Star Game later this month.
Nola will be on the mound as the Phillies close out a brief, two-game set with the Baltimore Orioles at Citizens Bank Park. The game, which is Philadelphia's final home contest before the All-Star break, will start at 4:05 p.m. on the holiday.
Nola (10-2, 2.48 ERA) has been dominant all season for the Phillies, but they have been especially good at home. The 25-year-old is 7-0 with a 1.77 ERA and 0.911 WHIP in eight starts at Citizens Bank Park this season.
Nola, who has never pitched against Baltimore, has not surrendered more than three earned runs in any of those home starts. Last Thursday, they gave up one run on five hits and two walks and struck out eight in 7 2/3 innings against the Washington Nationals. Nola got the win in the Phillies' 4-3 victory.
"I actually thought they got stronger as they inched towards the end of the game," Phillies manager Gabe Kapler told MLB.com regarding Nola. "Even there in the last inning, somewhere around that 105-pitch mark, it almost seemed like they were getting sharper."
The Phillies are 29-16 at home after Tuesday night's 3-2 win against the Orioles. Philadelphia has more home wins than any team in the National League, but after Wednesday the club won't play at Citizens Bank Park again until July 20.
The Phillies will try to get their 30th home win of the season against Orioles rookie Yefry Ramirez.
A right-hander, Ramirez (0-1, 2.89) will be making just the second start of their major league career. The 24-year-old went 4 1/3 innings against the Boston Red Sox on June 13, giving up three runs on four hits while striking out six in their first start.
Ramirez threw five scoreless innings of relief against the Seattle Mariners last Thursday in their only other big league appearance. They had a 3.88 ERA and averaged 9.0 strikeouts per nine innings in 14 starts with Triple-A Norfolk this season.
"I don't want to broadcast it for the other team, but the changeup," Orioles manager Buck Showalter told the Baltimore Sun when speaking about Ramirez's strong points. "Hitters are so much more in swing mode, so to speak, up here. It's because they're good hitters. That's why they're in the big leagues. ... He's having a good year down there."
The Orioles have lost eight of their last nine games and are 0-2 against the Phillies this season. At 24-60 they have the worst record in baseball. Baltimore did not lose its 60th game of the 2017 season until Aug. 13.
Philadelphia, meanwhile, has won three games in a row and five of its last six. At 46-37, the Phillies have a chance to go 10 games over .500 for the first time this season with another win.
Wednesday marks the third straight season the Phillies have played a home game on the Fourth of July. They lost to the Pittsburgh Pirates on the holiday last year.
Olga Argyrou prepares to serve lunch to their children at the kitchen of their house at the suburb of Keratsini in Athens, Greece, March 27, 2017. Picture taken March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Argyro Argyrou opens the fridge at the kitchen of their house at the suburb of Keratsini in Athens, Greece, March 27, 2017. Picture taken March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
A view of the coal-fired power station of the Public Power Corporation (PPC) near the northern town of Ptolemaida, Greece, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandros Avramidis
A view of the coal-fired power station of the Public Power Corporation (PPC) near the northern town of Ptolemaida, Greece, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandros Avramidis
A view of the coal-fired power station of the Public Power Corporation (PPC) near the northern town of Ptolemaida, Greece, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandros Avramidis
An old distribution panel is seen at the entrance of the apartment building where the Argyros family lives, at the suburb of Keratsini in Athens, Greece, March 27, 2017. Picture taken March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
The Argyros family have breakfast in their kitchen at the suburb of Keratsini in Athens, Greece, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Panagiotis Argyros watches cartoons in their house at the suburb of Keratsini in Athens, Greece, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
The Argyros family have breakfast in their kitchen at the suburb of Keratsini in Athens, Greece, March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Argyro Argyrou opens the fridge at the kitchen of their house at the suburb of Keratsini in Athens, Greece, March 27, 2017. Picture taken March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Members of the 'I Won't Pay' movement Leonidas Papadopoulos (L) and Ilias Papadopoulos (2nd R) talk to a police officer during a protest outside a Public Power Corporation (PPC) branch in Athens, Greece, March 17, 2017. Picture taken March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
People wait at a Public Power Corporation (PPC) branch to enter a repayment scheme for their debts in Athens, Greece, March 3, 2017. Picture taken March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
A couple arrives at a Public Power Corporation (PPC) branch to enter a repayment scheme for their debts in Athens, Greece, March 3, 2017. Picture taken March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
People line up at a Public Power Corporation (PPC) branch to enter a repayment scheme for their debts in Athens, Greece, March 3, 2017. Picture taken March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
People line up to pay their electricity bills at a Public Power Corporation (PPC) branch in Athens, Greece, March 17, 2017. Picture taken March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Members of the 'I Won't Pay' movement protest outside a Public Power Corporation (PPC) branch in Athens, Greece, March 17, 2017. Picture taken March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
People line up to pay their electricity bills at a Public Power Corporation (PPC) branch in Athens, Greece, March 17, 2017. Picture taken March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
A man waits at a Public Power Corporation (PPC) branch to enter a repayment scheme for their debts in Athens, Greece, March 3, 2017. Picture taken March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ATHENS Kostas Argyros's unpaid electricity bills are piling up, among a mountain of debt owed to Greece's biggest power utility.
Their family owe 850 euros to the Public Power Corporation (DEHr.AT) (PPC), a tiny fraction of the state-controlled firm's 2.6 billion euros (2.21 billion pounds) in unpaid bills.
Argyros picks up only occasional work as an odd-job man. "When you only work once a week, what will you pay first?"said the 35-year-old, who lives in a tiny apartment in an Athens suburb with their unemployed wife and four small children.
The Argyros family are emblematic of deepening poverty in Greece following seven years of austerity demanded by the country's international creditors. They burn wood to heat their home in winter, food is cooked on a small gas stove, and hot water is scarce.
The only evening light is the blue glare of a TV screen, for fear of racking up more debt. Five-watt lightbulbs provide a dim glow and Argyros worries about the effect on their eyesight.
More than 40 percent of Greeks are behind on their utility bills, higher than anywhere else in Europe.
People in poor neighbourhoods are also increasingly turning to energy fraud, meaning that the problem for PPC is much higher than the mountain of unpaid bills suggests.
Power theft is costing PPC around 500-600 million euros a year in lost income, an industry official said, requesting anonymity because they were not authorised to divulge the numbers.
PPC declined to comment on the figure. Public disclosures by the Hellenic Electricity Distribution Network Operator HEDNO, which checks meters, show that verified cases of theft climbed to 10,600 last year, up from 8,880 in 2013 and 4,470 in 2012. Authorities believe theft is far higher than the cases verified by HEDNO, another official said, declining to be named.
Households in the country are equipped with analogue meters, which are easy to hack. One of the most common tricks is using magnets, which slow down the rotating coils to show lessconsumption than the real amount, a HEDNO official said.
Some websites even offer consumers tips and tricks on power fraud.
BURDEN OF ARREARS
For households who have had their electricity cut off, a group of activists calling themselves the "I Won't Pay" movement have taken it upon themselves to reconnect the supply. The group says it has done hundreds this year.
PPC, which has a 90 percent share of the retail market and 60 percent of the wholesale market, is supposed to reduce this dominance to less than 50 percent by 2020 under Greece's third, 86 billion euro bailout deals.
The lenders also want PPC to sell some of its assets, but the company is toiling under the debt of unpaid bills, a problem opposition lawmakers say will force a fire-sale. In little over a year from June 2015, overdue bills to the 51-percent state-owned firm grew by nearly a billion euros to 2.6 billion, Chief Executive Manolis Panagiotakis told lawmakers in March.
Analysts estimate PPC's cash reserves have shrunk to about300 million euros, forcing it to secure a 200 million euro bank loan to repay a bond due in May.
The tangle has left it with little leeway for new investments or to fund a switch to cleaner forms of energy from coal to improve environmental standards.
"It is often said that PPC is undergoing the most critical phase of its history," Panagiotakis told lawmakers. "I will not argue with that." They declined a Reuters request for an interview.
The burden of arrears for PPC is now "so big that some worry it will not be able to lift it for much longer", said energy expert Constantinos Filis. The apartment building where the Argyros family live is a testament to that. Many tenants struggle even to pay the 25 euro annual fee to light communal areas such as staircases.
GROUND ZERO
PPC has tried to recoup unpaid bills with phased repayment schemes. Α total of 625,000 customers owing a total of 1.3 billion euros had signed up to the scheme by January.
The Argyros family have also entered the scheme with the help of Theofilos, a local charity, which also contributes towards their monthly bills. Meanwhile, PPC's provisions for bad debt remain high. The schemes drove the figure down to 453 million euros in the nine months to September last year from 690 million a year earlier. Analysts expect PPC to swing back to a profit of between 63-109 million euros in 2016, with provisions of below 600 million euros.
Filis, the energy expert, said the more things stayed the same, the closer PPC was to "ground zero" and they drew comparisons with the Greek state's brushes with near bankruptcy during the debt crisis.
"It's reasonable to say that PPC is too big to allow it to collapse, particularly regarding energy security," they said. "On the other hand, a few years ago some argued that no country could fail either."
(editing by David Stamp)
Ahead of the weekend, Accelerize Inc. and its digital marketing software division CAKE announced that it has filed a new patent application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark office.
We're told that the patent application covers machine-learning algorithms that have been created to assess a user's stage within the marketing funnel in real-time, and to predict the channel (or combination of channels) most likely to result in a conversion.
The filed patent application is part of Accelerize's ongoing intellectual property development strategy, which aims to continuously improve the accuracy and performance of the CAKE Marketing Intelligence platform. The platform tracks, attributes and analyzes the performance of digital marketing campaigns across multiple channels, including, search, display, video, email, social, affiliate, mobile and more.
In short, the new algorithms are designed to help CAKE's customers estimate what stage their target audiences are at within the marketing funnel, and to identify the mix of channels with the greatest potential to maximize their return on ad spend.
“The aim of this latest innovation is twofold,” said Karl Gierach, Head of Data Science of CAKE by Accelerize. “First, we want to give our clients as accurate a picture as possible of how their campaigns are performing and the status of the customer journey in real-time. Second, we want to help them better predict what to do next to maximize their return on ad spend. This technology does both, and will be especially valuable in real-time bidding situations to help move consumers from anonymous to known by collecting and analyzing granular first-party data about the critical steps in the customer journey.”
To learn more and get a slice of knowledge about CAKE, click here.
The ruling of the CAS backing Russian athletes' appeals against the IOC decision to ban them from the Olympics over doping allegations proves the inconsistency of the report compiled by Richard McLaren on the alleged state-supported doping program in Russia as well as the sports justice system as a whole, experts told Sputnik on Thursday.
On Thursday, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) revealed that it had ruled to uphold the appeals of 28 Russian athletes against the IOC Disciplinary Commission's decisions on their disqualification and lifetime ban from the Olympics over anti-doping rule violations. The court also partially upheld the another 11 appeals. The International Olympic Committee's (IOC) investigation into the alleged doping by Russian athletes was triggered by the two-part report of McLaren, the head of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) investigative team.
Need to Re-Check McLaren Report
"I am very glad to get the current CAS decision, which upheld the appeals of 28 Russian athletes, annulling the IOC's ban from participating in the Olympic Games for life over violating anti-doping rules at the Sochi Olympics. According to this decision I can agree that this decision by CAS shows there is a need to check once again the report of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) commission led by Richard McLaren. According to my opinion the fact that IOC disciplinary action against Russian athletes was a little bit overpoliticized," Andras Nemes, the vice president of the International Association of Sports Law (IASL), told Sputnik.
Anna Di Giandomenico, assistant professor of philosophy of law at the Italian University of Teramo, told Sputnik that it was not the McLaren report that was put in question by the CAS ruling.
"[It is] rather the sports justice system as a whole [which was put in question by the court decision]," Di Giandomenico noted.
The McLaren report brought into light many problems in the sports legal system, including the lack of investigation power, deriving from the conventional nature of the system, which implies reaching agreements between conflicting parties, Di Giandomenico said.
"In this sense, I think that the ban of Russian athletes was a consequence of this defective system: the use of presumption in sports justice is too massive, but it is impossible to cancel, because the above-mentioned lack of investigation power (sports justice is not a stale justice system!). If I were a Russian athletes advocate, surely I'll insist on re-evaluation of the IOC ban," Di Giandomenico noted.
Genevieve Gordon, the CEO of Tactic Counsel, a trustee of the UK Sports Association and International Sports Law Professor at Syracuse University, suggested a number of changes that the IOC could make to its decision-making process, specifically on how to handle doping allegations in the future.
"There has to be clear criteria set out that allows athletes to fully understand the rules that are being applied to them regardless of cultural or national understanding," Gordon told Sputnik.
The IOC should take into consideration the CAS' decisions and standpoint concerning the Russian athletes, and effectively amend its procedures so that there can be no question over the IOC banning orders and revocation of medals, Gordon also suggested.
"What is critical, in my opinion, is that the CAS works to support the decisions where there clearly has been a breach. Athletes always deserve a voice and to have their hearings heard fairly but consideration also needs to be paid to the athletes that are now going to have amendments to their standings and the overall view of one group of athletes to another," the expert pointed out.
Russian Athletes Have to 'Fight Own Fight' to Participate in Olympics
Gordon noted that the CAS' decision suggested that "the lifelong ban was too onerous on the athletes which follows previous decisions CAS have made at times."
"According to the original decision in Winter Games'18, the decision of the [Executive Board] EB of the IOC (5th December 2017) remains in place. It makes it clear that, since the ROC is suspended, Russian athletes can participate in PyeongChang only on invitation by the IOC," Nemes said.
Di Giandomenico agreed that the IOC can still deprive Russian athletes of their place at the upcoming Winter Games.
"In my opinion, Russian athletes should activate campaigns to raise public awareness in order to promote reflection on the sport justice system and its redefinition in terms of greater adherence to principles of justice," Di Giandomenico suggested.
CAS has not encountered any precedent similar to the appeals filed by the Russian athletes, Nemes noted. Thus, the Russian athletes have to "fight [their] own fight" for the right to compete at the Olympics, the IASL official suggested.
Asked if the CAS' decision indicates that the appeals of the remaining Russian athletes, who have not yet been fully acquitted, would also be successful, Gordon noted that it certainly created a pathway for the CAS to follow and apply the same decisions in other cases. However, each appeal will be considered individually, so changes to the court's stance on other athletes can be expected, the expert concluded.
Microsoft Passes Google in Market Value Microsoft is now worth $749 billion as of Tuesday‘s close, beating Google‘s parent company, Alphabet Inc., by $10 billion. The company‘s growth has been sparked by its cloud computing business and It's restructuring to focus on cloud and artificial intelligence units. According to The Verge, 35 percent of Microsoft‘s first-quarter revenue was made up of its Windows, Surface and gaming divisions. The other 65 percent was made up of its cloud technology and Office and productivity division. Back in 2012, Google passed Microsoft in market value after going public in 2004. Alphabet Inc. now comes in fourth place for the world‘s most valuable publicly traded company. Microsoft is third behind Amazon and Apple.
The central bank chose to raise rates again despite an economic slowdown at the start of 2017, which it predicts will prove temporary. It foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The latest Fed rate hike, announced in a statement after a policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
Though it assesses the overall economy, the Fed's mandates are to maximize employment and stabilize prices. And hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
Inflation has been more problematic, having long stayed below the central bank's 2 percent target rate. Recent data have suggested that inflation may even be slowing further. But Fed officials have said they think inflation will soon pick up along with the economy.
That said, no one expects the Fed's rate hikes to turn aggressive. If nothing else, the chronically low inflation and the political fights and uncertainty in Washington — over investigations into Russia's ties to President Donald Trump's campaign, health care legislation, tax-cut plans and about whether Congress will raise the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget — could lead the Fed to raise rates more slowly than it otherwise would.
Uncertainty also surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Fed officials have concluded that the economy, now entering its ninth year of expansion, no longer needs the ultra-low borrowing rates they supplied beginning in the Great Recession.
The central bank kept its benchmark rate at a record low near zero starting in late 2008 to try to boost consumer and business borrowing and lift the country out of the worst downturn since the 1930s. It finally raised the rate modestly in December 2015, then waited a year do so again. It acted again in March.
At the depths of the recession, the Fed began buying Treasury and mortgage bonds to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion. The Fed said Wednesday that it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the three vacancies on the Fed's seven-member board. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairperson's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “hawkish” stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, “doves” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term.
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) - A Democratic candidate for Iowa Secretary of State said Tuesday they would refund a major contribution from a national political group after learning it was mistakenly given and accepted in violation of Iowa law.
Deidre DeJear's campaign said it would send back the $5,000 contribution to EMILY's List "as soon as possible" after learning of the violation from The Associated Press hours earlier.
The gift violated an Iowa law that bars political action committees from donating to candidates for state office during the legislative session, and prohibits candidates from accepting them during that period. The law applies not only to sitting lawmakers but also to candidates for the Legislature and other state offices, including secretary of state.
The prohibition extends to candidates for governor for 30 days after the session and is one of the few strict Iowa's campaign finance laws, which allow for unlimited donations from individuals. The goal is to limit political action committees from influencing official actions and legislation.
DeJear, a small business owner and former organizer for President Barack Obama's re-election campaign, is running against Jim Mowrer in the June 5 primary. The winner will challenge incumbent Secretary of State Paul Pate, a Republican, in the November election. The office oversees elections and business filings.
EMILY's List, which backs female Democratic candidates who support abortion rights, made the donation to DeJear from its political action committee on March 8, days before it publicly endorsed their campaign. The group disclosed the contribution to the Iowa Ethics and Campaign Finance Disclosure Board as required on March 14. Lawmakers have been in session all year, and expect to adjourn in coming weeks.
A spokesperson for EMILY's List said the group learned of its mistake from the AP on Tuesday and immediately took steps to fix it, including by asking the DeJear campaign for a refund.
DeJear campaign spokesperson Cynthia Sebian-Lander said the campaign reached out to the ethics board after being contacted by AP and confirmed the mistake.
"We then moved to remedy the situation immediately and are refunding the check as soon as possible," they said.
Megan Tooker, director of the ethics board, didn't respond to requests for comment Tuesday.
EMILY's List and two other groups, NARAL and Collective PAC, promoted a fundraiser last week for DeJear in Washington D.C. and sought online contributions for that event as well. Sebian-Lander said it's possible additional donations will have to be refunded, saying the campaign is "doing our due diligence and checking our previous contributions" ahead of a May 19 filing deadline.
EMILY's List announced March 12 that it was endorsing DeJear, praising their work starting their own marketing business, providing financial education to thousands through United Way of Central Iowa, and organizing African-American voters for Obama's re-election campaign in 2012.
"Deidre DeJear has spent their career helping Iowa's small business owners and making sure Iowans' voices are heard at the ballot box," EMILY's List President Stephanie Schriock said in a statement then.
DeJear said that they were honored to have the endorsement, noting that EMILY's List has empowered hundreds of women to run for office.
October 9
The Great Bend High School orchestras will perform on Monday, Oct. 9 at 7 p.m. at the high school auditorium.
Orchestra Director Jennifer Demaree said the Chamber Orchestra will play “To Tame the Raging Rapids,” “I Remember” and “Geometric Dance.” The Concert Orchestra will play “Dance Diabolique,” “Summer Stomp” and “Simple Squaredance.”
October 14
Come enjoy the fall weather, pick a pumpkin and relax with some fun music when the Great Bend High School orchestra and Great Bend Middle School String Rhapsody group play fiddle music in the barn at Long Pumpkin Patch.
Orchestra Director Jennifer Demaree said the string musicians will play from 10:30-11 a.m. Saturday, Oct. 14 at the pumpkin patch located at 163 NE 30 Road in Great Bend.
By now you've probably heard that season two of The Grand Tour is underway. Considering the build-up to the first episode included Richard Hammond having a massive car wreck and Jeremy Clarkson getting pneumonia, probably heard is a properly massive understatement. We haven't heard anything from Amazon on just how many people have seen the first episode so far, but with all the drama that delayed the program by two months, we suspect there were plenty of people checking out the action.
Those who have Amazon Prime and saw the first episode were treated to a video montage of what to expect through the course of the season. As a tempting morsel for those who don't have a subscription, The Grand Tour posted up the same montage to its YouTube channel, no doubt hoping those who are on the fence will pony up the cash to catch the new episodes which are slated to air every week.
And what will those episodes consist of? We see Jaguars skidding down a snowy mountain, a Lamborghini getting sideways on a track, some kind of bizarro tank thing blasting through a mall, a crazy amphibious jet truck, lots of explosions, and occasionally, supercars being driven normally. You know, the same kind of stuff the trio did on their old show, Top Gear.
With the first episode already in the books, there has been some criticism that the show is just more of the same old gags, only with older men now in front of the camera. There's certainly some truth to that, given the amount of bickering and strutting about with supercars that filled the first episode. The show's first season seemed to try and establish itself as something at least a little bit different from Top Gear, but with some of the less-successful segments such as Celebrity Brain Crash and The American getting the axe, the show now seems like Top Gear more than ever.
Here's the thing though. It may be an old and familiar formula, but it also still seems to work. And work very, very well.
Also, throwing in a vintage Lancia 037 Group B Rally Car doesn't hurt. For better or worse, we will at least be tuning in for that segment.
Source: The Grand Tour via YouTube
ITHACA, N.Y. - Although the insidious bacterium Salmonella typhi has been around for centuries, very little is actually known about its molecular mechanisms. A new study from researchers at the College of Veterinary Medicine addresses this knowledge gap and may lead to novel, targeted treatments.
Salmonella typhi can live either inside or outside host cells. Those living within cells, called intracellular, secrete the typhoid toxin that is responsible for many symptoms of typhoid fever, according to lead author Dr. Yi-An Yang, a postdoctoral researcher in the Song Lab. The research finds that the current vaccine for typhoid fever, called Ty21a, is effective against Salmonella typhi but not against the typhoid toxin.
The study, published in Nature Microbiology Dec. 4, shows how the toxin exclusively damages selected cells at the organism level. This toxin has a sweet tooth, specifically seeking cells that express particular sugars because of their binding abilities. When the typhoid toxin finds those cells, it intoxicates them and triggers symptoms such as lethargy, malaise, stupor, decreased white blood cells and neurological complications.
"What's most exciting is that our results provide insights that may help the development of potential prophylactics and therapeutics to prevent and treat typhoid fever," said senior author Jeongmin Song, assistant professor of microbiology and immunology.
Knowing the toxin's target enables the development of new, non-antibiotic, sugar-based therapeutics, which could help stem increasing antibiotic resistance. Sugar-based therapeutics are not limited to typhoid fever, moreover, and may be effective against other diseases in which sugars play crucial roles.
Typhoid fever is a life-threatening disease often caused by poor sanitation. It afflicts approximately 21.5 million people in the developing world each year, and of the nearly 6,000 cases that appear in the United States, most are acquired internationally, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
A conjugated vaccine leveraging the toxin combined with Ty21a is likely to be more effective than Ty21a. Researchers found that mice immunized with inactive typhoid toxins presented no symptoms when challenged with a lethal dose of typhoid toxin. Both mice and humans have the sugar-coated cells to which the toxins are attracted, said Yang.
The researchers also found that the toxin, once secreted, doesn't limit itself to one bodily system in its search for sweets. "Intriguingly, our study shows that the typhoid toxin targets both the immune system and central nervous system," said Song. "This represents a new paradigm in the infectious agents' incursion of the host." Furthermore, the fact that the two systems must work together to address infectious threats is "a newly established neuro-immune axis paradigm in our body's responses," said Song.
###
The paper, "In vivo tropism of Salmonella typhi toxin to cells expressing a multiantennal glycan receptor," can be read in full online.
Cornell University has television, ISDN and dedicated Skype/Google+ Hangout studios available for media interviews.
LIVERPOOL star Mohamed Salah has stunned the football world with a world class first half double in the Reds' Champions League semi-final clash with Roma at Anfield.
After a strong start from the visitors, Salah grabbed the ascendency for their side with a moment of sheer individual brilliance.
Camera Icon Liverpool's Egyptian midfielder Mohamed Salah shoots and scores their second goal Picture: AFP
The Eyptian was passed the ball high on the right flank before cutting onto their left foot and slotting a phenomenal strike past keeper Alisson and into the top right corner.
Just 10 minutes later, the prolific wide man had Anfield on its feet once again. Roberto Firmino slipped Salah through off the back of a swift counter attack started by a Virgil van Dijk long ball, as the PFA Player of the Year finished outstandingly with dinked strike.
The football world erupted on Twitter.
Salah has now scored 43 goals in all competitions and is well on their way to breaking Ian Rush's record for most goals in a campaign for Liverpool.
He's got 10 in the Champions League - already two ahead of any other player in a single European season for the club.
The Egyptian is being tipped to challenge Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo for the Ballon d'Or.
OTTAWA — A plan to "triage" asylum seekers crossing the Canada-U.S. border illegally, in an effort to move some migrants out of Quebec and into Ontario, has stalled because Ontario is in the midst of a provincial election.
Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau says Ontario civil servants have been working on details of the plan with the federal government and Quebec, but nothing can be finalized until a new provincial government is in place.
"There's a lot of very hard work being done by civil servants who work for Immigration Ontario to look at the whole issue of the triage, which is more than just a reception centre. It's the whole process of absorbing people who want to go to Ontario. And that entails resources — financial resources, and other kinds of resources, manpower resources," Garneau told reporters Wednesday.
"There is an election going on and, when it's all in place, there will be a requirement to get the new government of Ontario, whatever that government is, to sign onto that."
The ad hoc intergovernmental task force on irregular migration met Wednesday evening to discuss the ongoing issue of illegal border crossers and how to address pressures facing Quebec, where the vast majority of irregular migrants are arriving.
The group of federal and provincial officials also met last month, when they reached agreements on measures including the creation of a so-called triage system to identify asylum seekers interested in going to areas outside Montreal or Toronto to await the outcome of their refugee claims.
So far, the system has not materialized.
Quebec Immigration Minister David Heurtel says their province's resources are becoming strained. More than 9,000 refugee claimants have crossed into Canada through unofficial paths along the border so far this year, with 90 per cent of them landing in Quebec.
A majority of the primarily Nigerian asylum seekers who have arrived this year have indicated they want to live in Ontario. That's why Heurtel says they want to see the triage system up and running, to help facilitate travel and other arrangements for those who want to go to Ontario.
"For us it is important to see that people who do not want to be in Quebec do not have to stay in Quebec," they said in French.
DEFENDING champion Joey “Jaws” Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home their 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns, which they downed last year at the same contest.
Camera Icon Women compete during the annual Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest on July 4 at Coney Island. Picture: AFP, Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images/AFP
Miki Sudo downed 37 franks to win their fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco choked down 28 wieners and buns.
Sudo said that the heat may have slowed them down in winning the women's competition.
Camera Icon Reigning champion Midi Sudo eats 37 hot dogs to win the women's Fourth of July hot dog eating contest. Picture: AP, AP Photo/Mary Altaffer
Sudo was a fan favourite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during their performance, which was slightly delayed after they requested new water to soak them buns.
Thousands of attendees, many in mustard-coloured hot dog caps, braved a heatwave for the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk, a tradition dating back to 1972.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - The world's largest pork producer is putting its best case before jurors to debunk claims its waste emits stenches so foul and attracts so many flies that life for rural neighbors is miserable.
Smithfield Foods' lawyers hand-picked the two plaintiffs and the neighboring 4,700-hog operation in the second in a series of nuisance lawsuits that opened Tuesday.
Plaintiffs' lawyers picked the first case and won a nearly $51 million jury verdict last month. That was cut to about $3 million because a state law limits punishment for corporate misdeeds.
Neighbors say for decades they've put up with livestock sewage sprayed over crops that also drifts and coats their homes and cars.
Smithfield Foods lawyers say jurors should forget the company's size and focus on how one grower treats their neighbors.
Photo: AFP
President Emmanuel Macron's repeated verbal volleys aimed at France's working class are doing little to boost their image.
French President Emmanuel Macron came under fire this week after a remark directed against union activists fuelled accusations from opponents that they show contempt for disgruntled workers.
The pro-business president made the comment Wednesday while visiting the central town of Egletons, referring to trade unionists who clashed with police
during a rally against layoffs at the region's GM&S auto parts plant.
"Some, instead of stirring up shit, would be better off looking for work" at a foundry in Ussel, Macron said. The foundry, 140 kilometres (85 miles) from the auto plant, is struggling to find workers.
Macron said Thursday that they were "standing by the substance" of their remarks -- which were made in conversation with a regional official -- and would have chosen their words differently in a more formal context.
Government spokesperson Christophe Castaner conceded to BFMTV the choice of language used was "surprising coming from the mouth of a president of the
republic."
"The French use these words all the time," said Castaner, adding that Macron had aimed the comment at a union delegation which had "decided to disrupt the visit.
'Slackers of the world, unite'
Macron spokesperson Bruno Roger-Petit insisted the president was not aware they were on camera at the time.
Macron's comment follows several others seen as dismissive of ordinary people or critics, contributing to a steep drop in popularity for the 39-year-old centrist since their election in May.
Last month, days before a union-led protest against their flagship labour reforms, Macron said they would not back down "to slackers, cynics and extremists".
Their words became a rallying cry for protesters who coined slogans such as "Slackers of the world, unite!"
They had previously raised eyebrows by drawing a distinction between "people who succeed and people who are nothing".
"Macron does it again," the opposition Socialist Party said in a tweet Wednesday, calling on the president to "watch their language and respect the
French people".
A lawmaker of the hard-left France Unbowed party, Adrien Quatennens, said Macron "doesn't know what it means to look for work".
Mainstream politicians also joined the attack.
Secretary general of the liberal centre right Republicans Bernard Accoyer said Macron was "president of all the French and the first requirement is
respect for all our compatriots whoever they may be -- and in particular those who are in difficulty."
Accoyer's party colleague Christian Jacob accused Macron of "arrogance" and of being a leader "who cannot take the least challenge."
Macron has sought to restore lost prestige to the presidency, hosting events in grandiose settings such as the former royal palace in Versailles and likening their role to that of Jupiter, king of the Roman gods.
The former investment banker's ambitious agenda includes labour reforms pushed through by decree, with critics seizing on their use of executive orders as an example of an autocratic leadership style.
'President of the rich'
Macron is also planning major tax cuts for the wealthy, forcing them to fend off accusations that they are a "president of the rich".
France's youngest president sees the tax cuts as essential to spurring investment and stemming the exodus of millionaires such as actor Gerard Depardieu and ageing rocker Johnny Hallyday.
Wednesday's remark "further alienates the president by bolstering the image of heavy-handedness and indifference to the least fortunate," said Emmanuel Riviere of the Sofres polling institute.
But Christophe Barbier, political analyst for BFM TV believes Macron's repeated offending is all part of a political strategy to appeal to the right and create a division with the far left of Jean-Luc Melenchon.
"Macron is not an idiot, said Barbier. "If they did it once they would correct himself... but if they do it repeatedly it's because they have a political objective."
Political scientist Jerome Sainte-Marie told AFP it "was not very good in terms of popularity, but that won't prevent them from passing reforms -- they haoverwhelming power."
Macron insists they have a mandate for change after their presidential win was followed by a thumping parliamentary victory for their Republic on the Move
(LREM) party.
Three demonstrations over their labour reforms failed to mobilise the huge crowds that marched against their Socialist predecessor Francois Hollande's
workplace changes.
By: Chloe Leshner
cleshner@abc6.com
@cleshnerabc6
FOXBORO, Mass. (WLNE) -- Foxboro is the home of the Patriots but some residents say the city is taking its pride in the team a little too far. Those residents are not happy that a Patriots flag hangs with the American flag in the Town Common. The Patriots flag is only displayed on weekends when there's a home game, hanging below the U.S. flag. It doesn't go against the U.S. Flag Code established by Congress but some say its disrespectful.
Spirits in Foxboro certainly high after the Pats Thursday night win, but some residents are questioning the way the city honors the team on home game weekends, when a Patriots flag flies in the Town Common beneath the American flag.
"I believe the country comes before any company and that's what the NFL is, it's just a corporation," says Brian Jenks of South Attleboro.
A local veteran started the conversation when they spoke out against the Pats flag at the latest selectman's meeting. They told ABC 6 that it's just not the right thing to do. The Town Manager says they did their research and that hanging the flag doesn't violate any codes.
"There are a lot of people in town who really love the team and really support the team and we just wanted to do it as an expression of support. That was simply the goal and the whole basis of doing it in the first place," says Bill Keegan.
Thoughts echoed by many in Foxboro.
"It's not like we're aiming to disrespect anybody, it's just game day. Go Pats," says Timothy Eichinger.
"You'll see businesses, Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts, military units everybody hangs on the same pole," says Steven Masterson of North Attleboro.
And while no one wants to diminish the Pats pride, there could be other ways to go about it.
"I want to see 2 flag poles, the larger pole holding the American flag and the smaller pole holding the team flag," says Jenks.
The Town Manager tells ABC 6, for now they don't plan on making any changes, but they'll monitor the situation and reevaluate if more complaints come in.
(C) WLNE/ABC 6 2017
CHICAGO (AP) - In a study of women with menopause-related sexual discomfort, gels worked as well as prescription hormone tablets at reducing symptoms.
The researchers say the results suggest low-cost, over-the-counter moisturizers might be the best option.
Most women in the study reported some relief from their most bothersome symptoms - painful intercourse, vaginal dryness or itching - regardless of treatment. Still, not quite half the women experienced what researchers considered a meaningful decline in symptom severity.
The problems are linked with declining levels of the hormone estrogen, which happens to all women when they reach menopause.
What baffles researchers is why only about half of women experience bothersome symptoms. Without that answer, pinpointing the cause and finding the perfect solution is difficult, said Dr. Caroline Mitchell, the study's lead author and a researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital.
"Until we know why, our treatments are really just pretty broad attempts," Mitchell said. "We're not targeting the true biological root cause."
Researchers enrolled 300 women at a Kaiser Permanente research institute in Seattle and at the University of Minnesota. Women were randomly assigned to one of three treatments: prescription vaginal estrogen tablets and a gel with inactive ingredients; placebo tablets and Replens over-the counter moisturizer; or placebo tablets and the inert gel. Treatment lasted 12 weeks.
The results were published Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine. The National Institutes of Health paid for the study and the researchers have no financial ties to the products studied.
A journal editorial says there have been few similar studies and most were too small to reach conclusive results.
The latest results show that prescription treatment that can cost $200 is no better than over-the-counter moisturizers costing less than $20. The researchers noted that some women may prefer tablets to creams, which can be messy, but the extra money won't buy extra relief.
Women with troublesome symptoms "should choose the cheapest moisturizer or lubricant available over the counter - at least until new evidence arises to suggest that there is any benefit to doing otherwise," the editorial said.
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @LindseyTanner. Them work can be found here .
FILE - In this March 15, 2016, file photo, casino mogul Steve Wynn appears at a news conference in Medford, Mass. Attorneys for Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago. The documents filed earlier in March 2018 say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa, File)
FILE - In this March 15, 2016, file photo, casino mogul Steve Wynn appears at a news conference in Medford, Mass. Attorneys for Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago. The documents filed earlier in March 2018 say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa, File)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn brokered a settlement more than a decade ago with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct and recently reported them to the FBI, their attorneys say in court documents.
Wynn and one of their attorneys met with FBI agents last month to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement, according to documents received earlier this month in state court in Las Vegas.
It comes two months after the Wall Street Journal reported that several women said the billionaire harassed or assaulted them and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement with a manicurist formerly employed by the company. They resigned as chairperson and CEO of Las Vegas-based Wynn Resorts last month.
Wynn has vehemently denied the accusations reported by the newspaper and attributed them to a campaign led by their ex-wife. Them attorney has denied that they instigated the report.
The recent court filings do not provide details of the newly revealed settlement. The woman on Monday did not return a message seeking comment from The Associated Press, which generally does not name people who say they are victims of sexual misconduct.
Them attorney, Lisa Bloom, said in an email that their client denies the extortion allegations.
"My client, who wishes to remain anonymous at this time, has never committed any act of extortion," they wrote. "To the contrary, they simply stated that they wanted to speak. Them emails did not seek any money. And that is surely why the FBI has not even questioned them about this, nor has they not been charged with any crime."
The FBI declined to confirm Monday whether it has investigated the extortion accusations. A declaration by one of Wynn's attorneys, Donald Campbell, says the FBI notified them on Feb. 10 that it had "concluded its investigation."
Campbell identified the woman as a "former Wynn employee" with whom the billionaire settled in December 2006, when they worked as a "Playboy Bunny" at the Palms casino-hotel. Wynn Resorts has never owned that property. Its oldest casino-resort in Las Vegas opened in 2005.
Emails included in the court documents show the woman contacted an attorney who represented Wynn in the settlement, Barry Slotnick, the day after the Wall Street Journal story was published in January.
They said they understood their non-disclosure agreement banned them from speaking out but that they believed telling their story would be a good thing.
The woman wrote to the attorney again a few days later, saying they wanted to reveal the details of the settlement publicly and to consider the message notice of their intentions. The emails do not ask for money, and they don't appear to be redacted.
The emails "clearly evidenced that they were engaged in an effort to 'shakedown'" Wynn, Campbell said in their declaration.
The settlement is the second between Steve Wynn and a woman who alleged sexual misconduct to be revealed during a yearslong civil case that has involved the billionaire; their ex-wife, Elaine Wynn; and a former business partner.
The deal reported by the Wall Street Journal was previously referenced broadly in the civil case, which is scheduled for trial in April.
A large portion of the case was settled earlier this month when Wynn Resorts agreed to pay a Tokyo-based company $2.4 billion by the end of March. Elaine Wynn is fighting their ex-husband and Wynn Resorts over their removal from the company's board of directors in 2015.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
FILE PHOTO: The logo of commodities trader Glencore is pictured in front of the company's headquarters in Baar, Switzerland, September 30, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
LONDON The London Metal Exchange (LME) imposed a $1.4 million (1.1 million pounds) fine on the metals warehouse unit of commodity group Glencore (GLEN.L) on Friday, for falsifying documents detailing zinc movements from New Orleans.
The LME, the world's oldest and largest market for industrial metals, said Glencore's Access World agreed to pay the fine without admitting any breaches.
The allegations surfaced last June when a complaint filed by zinc purchasers in a U.S. Federal Court alleged that Glencore's warehouse executives ordered workers to falsify documents in New Orleans to manipulate the zinc market.
The complaint was made public after a U.S. judge in Manhattan allowed a private antitrust lawsuit to go forward against two units of Anglo-Swiss Glencore Plc, accusing them of trying to monopolise the market for special high grade (SHG) zinc, driving up its price.
The LME statement did not allege that Glencore was seeking to manipulate the zinc market. "The exchange understands that the primary rationale for the falsified records was to address logistical issues," the statement said.
The 140-year-old exchange said their investigation alleged that from 2010 to 2014 "employees falsified documents, including bills of lading, to give the exchange the impression that zinc had physically moved from the New Orleans delivery point".
During the investigation, Access World said it had encountered logistical issues in New Orleans during that period, according to the LME statement.
Rather than contact the exchange to discuss the issues, senior management allowed customers to leave metal in warehouses while employees allegedly created the falsified records showing the metal had moved, the LME added.
"The exchange reminds the market that it expects its listed warehouses ... to act with integrity at all times," the LME, owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd. (0388.HK), said in the statement.
Last June, the 87-page complaint by the zinc purchasers alleged that a confidential witness who worked in management for the warehouse company said they were instructed by executives in late summer or early autumn of 2012 to create falsified documents to mask high-volume movements of zinc.
The complaint also alleged that the false documents played a part in manipulating backlogs of zinc waiting to be delivered, which pushed up the zinc premium, a surcharge buyers pay for immediate delivery of physical metal.
In July last year, Glencore changed the name of its warehouse unit to Access World from Pacorini Metals.
(Editing by David Evans and Elaine Hardcastle)
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
This week, MMW was privy to an announcement from 33Across that continued global demand for its publisher monetization platform has resulted in the company expanding its European operations, as well as deepening its U.S. leadership team.
“The 33Across platform delivers programmatic video and display ad revenue to publishers across devices,” a provided statement reads. “The company reported 103 percent year-over-year (YoY) global growth with the most significant boost coming from mobile at 297 percent YoY growth.”
This far exceeds the industry average, as the mobile programmatic advertising market segment is expected to increase 35 percent in 2017, according to the April 2017 eMarketer report, “Advancing Programmatic Advertising.”
The company tells us that 33Across' global expansion is driven by new and existing publishers, the rise of mobile programmatic advertising, and the company's ability to respond to the industry demand for greater transparency and quality in the programmatic sector.
“Our growth reflects the significant changes underway in the industry as publishers are demanding greater transparency, quality and even stronger returns from their technology partners. Without trusted high quality inventory that performs well on mobile, the entire ecosystem is at risk,” said Eric Wheeler, CEO, 33Across. “Our platform's ability to deliver on those publisher requirements for advertisers has resulted in triple digit growth that shows no signs of slowing.”
UNDEFEATED LAOIS BOXER TJ Doheny will fight for the IBF World super-bantamweight title in Tokyo on Thursday 16 August.
The 31-year-old Portaloise man earned their shot as mandatory challenger in December but was forced to play the waiting game as champion Ryosuke Iwasa of Japan opted for a voluntary defence against unheralded Filipino Ernesto Saulong.
Sydney-based Doheny, though, whose record stands at 19-0(14KOs), has at last landed their shot at world honours and will continue on their globetrotting crusade to face Iwasa [25-2, 16KOs] in the latter's home country.
I am very pleased to inform you that on August 16th, Tokyo, Japan I will become IBF Jr Featherweight champion of the world... 🌎👑#DohenyIwasa #itson — TJ Doheny (@TjDoheny) May 30, 2018
Doheny, who's promoted by Murphy's Boxing – the highly regarded company ran by Dropkick Murphy's frontman Ken Casey – last fought on Saint Patrick's Day in Boston, blasting out Mike Oliver inside two rounds.
Were ‘The Power' to be successful in their Tokyo title tilt, they would become only the second ever fighter from Ireland or the UK to win a world championship on Japanese soil – these 23 years on from Wayne McCullough's legendary victory over WBC World bantamweight champ Yasuei Yakushiji.
Iwasa will provide a formidable challenge, especially on home soil. Since suffering a sixth-round stoppage defeat to former Ryan Burnett opponent Lee Haskins – who was then the IBF bantamweight king – the 28-year-old has won six straight, four quick, up at super-bantam.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – An extension of planning permission has been granted to complete a housing development in Craughwell.
Lauren Construction Limited has secured the extension to complete 30 homes at Ballymore, near the GAA club.
In allowing more time to complete the Craughwell development, county planners have imposed two conditions.
One condition stipulates that the developer must submit a bond of 203 thousand euro to the local authority to ensure the satisfactory completion of services such as public lighting and footpaths.
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Summaries for the A-League on Friday (start times are AEDT) Sydney (2) 4 Scorers: A. Brosque 8, A. Mierzejewski 14, M. Ninković 74, D. Carney 85 Yellow card: Ninković 24 Subs used: Simon 68 (Bobô), Carney 79 (Brosque), Calver 81 (Wilkshire) Wellington Phoenix (0) 0 Yellow card: Parkhouse 11, Ridenton 29 Subs used: Fox 34 (Rossi), Cacace 54 (Ridenton), Rufer 84 (Galloway) Attendance: 10,220 Referees: Stephen Lucas ................................................................. Saturday, February 3 fixtures (AEDT/GMT) Newcastle Jets v Melbourne Victory (1735/0635) Adelaide United v Perth Glory (1950/0850) Sunday, February 4 fixtures (AEDT/GMT) Central Coast Mariners v Western Sydney Wanderers (1700/0600) Brisbane Roar v Melbourne City (1900/0800)
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo met with a senior North Korean official on Wednesday (May 30) for rare high-level talks ahead of a possible summit between leader Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump. No reporter narration.
Arrowhead Christian has its new football coach.
Dustin Davis, who has been the head coach at Santa Maria St. Joseph for the last five seasons, takes over for Eric Preszler.
Davis was very successful at St. Joseph, compiling a 38-20 record, and making the CIF Southern Section playoffs in every season. St. Joseph was 3-7 the year before Davis arrived.
Last year, St. Joseph advanced to the second round of the Division 5 playoffs, the third straight year St. Joseph advanced to the second round.
“We began this experience committed to finding a coach who would continue to build on the work that Coach Preszler had done this past season,” Arrowhead Christian Principal Brian Bell wrote to parents in an email. “We wanted an experienced head coach with a proven track record and a similar commitment both to Christ and to not dehumanizing players.”
ACA was 4-6 last season and didn't qualify for the CIF-SS Division 9 playoffs in Preszler's only season as head coach. ACA has not made the playoffs in either of the two seasons since John Beck led the Eagles to the Northwest Division championship game.
Because of their commitments at St. Joseph, Davis will remain working there until summer, Bell wrote.
But athletic director Russ DeKock wrote that Davis is expected to be at the school “Wednesday and/or Thursday.”
No All-star game
The San Bernardino County vs. Riverside County All-Star Basketball Games, a staple at Cajon High School for years, will not happen this year.
The event had been run by Cajon girls coach Mark Lehman and Cajon boys coach Randy Murray.
But with Lehman announcing their retirement from coaching (and retirement from teaching at the end of the year), they were unable to find a coach to assume responsibilities of organizing the girls game.
Murray said as result, there will not be any games this year. They have not ruled out bringing them back in the future.
County Clash
The third of four County Clashes will take place at San Manuel Stadium on Saturday, with a tripleheader of high school baseball games. The first game is San Gorgonio vs. Rialto at 1 p.m., followed by Grand Terrace vs. Kaiser at 4 p.m. and Rim of the World vs. Arroyo Valley at 7 p.m.
But that's not the only high school baseball games at the stadium this weekend. Yucaipa and Covina Northview will also play a doubleheader at 7 p.m. Friday.
Yucaipa coach Jeff Stout said the teams were originally scheduled to play the doubleheader at Fiscalini Field. That was rained out, but rescheduled for Friday at San Manuel Stadium. That makes four regular-season games for Yucaipa at San Manuel Stadium.
It will also be the second and third games at the stadium for Northview, which defeated Covina at last Saturday's County Clash.
Advertisement
Top of the CBL
We're nearly halfway through Citrus Belt League play in baseball and softball and Cajon softball and Citrus Valley baseball teams are both 6-0 and in first place.
But the bulk of each team's league schedule is still to come.
Four of Cajon's softball wins came against Miller and Eisenhower, which have combined for four wins this season. Cajon hasn't yet played either of the other two teams in the league with a winning record, Yucaipa and Redlands. Cajon plays Yucaipa this week and Redlands the last week of the season.
It's a similar situation for Citrus Valley baseball. The Blackhawks have four wins against Miller and Eisenhower, the only two teams in the league with an overall losing record.
Although Carter is 1-5 in league, games this week against the Lions, followed by Yucaipa, Redlands and Redlands East Valley will give a better idea how good Citrus Valley is.
Damir Hadzovic Source: Dolly Clew/Cage Warriors
FOR EACH ATHLETE'S profile on the Ultimate Fighting Championship's official website, they're asked to name their heroes.
Most tend to cite a former mixed martial arts star or another figure from the world of sport. Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson are popular choices. But for UFC lightweight Damir Hadzovic, the answer can be found much closer to home.
Their heroes are the people responsible for ensuring that they lived beyond their sixth birthday. They're the people who brought them to safety by fleeing 1,700 kilometres away from a war that killed 100,000 people. They're the people who fought for a country whose flag he's proud to carry in the octagon.
“Other fighters can inspire you,” says Hadzovic. “But they're not my heroes. My heroes are the ones who took care of me, who made sacrifices for me: my mom and dad. They were willing to give their lives for me. That's what a hero is.”
When they fight tonight for the third time in the UFC, Hadzovic (11-3) will again represent two nations. As they put it himself, the 31-year-old is made of Bosnian hardware, Danish software.
Hadzovic made their UFC debut in April 2016, yet only a decade earlier they had no combat sport experience. Their main sporting interest back then was weight-lifting. Squats and bench presses made them look like the kind of guy who could handle themselves in a scrap, but Hadzovic soon discovered that it's not always about the size of the dog in the fight.
Damir Hadzovic stops John Maguire at Cage Warriors 66. Source: Dolly Clew/Cage Warriors
“I was 20 when I first went into an MMA gym,” they explain. “My first experience was with this guy who was much smaller than me — probably by eight or nine kilos — and they just destroyed me on the ground. I was a big, muscly guy but I learned a lot then about how to use your strength properly. That was a big lesson.”
Hadzovic's first professional bout came three years later. They gradually earned a reputation as a promising fighter in Denmark, with their only pre-UFC losses coming via decision against Andreas Stahl and Krzysztof Jotko, both of whom would also reach the UFC.
In March 2014, Hadzovic achieved what they admit was a turning-point victory in their career. John Maguire, who'd had the last of their five UFC outings nine months earlier, was their opponent when Cage Warriors staged an event in Copenhagen. Maguire had only been stopped once in 26 previous professional bouts, but Hadzovic knocked the English veteran out in the first round.
Two more impressive wins followed — against undefeated Scotsman Martin Delaney and former Cage Warriors champion Ivan Musardo — before Hadzovic was snapped up by the UFC.
After Mairbek Taisumov got the better of them in their debut for MMA's premier organisation, Hadzovic rebounded in resounding fashion last May. Taking on well-regarded Polish fighter Marcin Held, they upset the odds with a brutal third-round KO.
A couple of months after their victory, Hadzovic received the “huge honour” of an official invite from Muhamed Ramović, the mayor of the Bosnian city of Goražde, where they were born.
As Bosnian Muslims, Hadzovic, their mother, two-year-old brother and grandfather fled Goražde in 1992 after the outbreak of the Bosnian War. They eventually found asylum in Denmark, but their father stayed behind as Bosnian Serbs laid siege to the city. Hadzovic was only six at the time, but the images of war aren't easily erased from one's memory.
“Goražde was the worst city to be in during the war because it was 100% occupied from every side,” they recall. “I remember hiding in the attic with my dad and my grandfather as the houses were burning. Food could only get in by being dropped in from the air. Many people were even crushed by it. It was a crazy situation.”
The war, which brought the worst atrocities Europe had seen since the Nazi era, ended in 1995. Almost four years had passed by the time Hadozvic's father made it to Denmark to be reunited with their family.
“All that time we didn't know if they were alive or not. Between the ages of six and ten is a crucial time for a kid. You need your dad. But my mom and my grandfather were both great. I knew and I understood what my dad was doing too,” says Hadzovic, who's now based in Copenhagen after the family originally settled in Esbjerg in south-west Denmark.
“My dad was my hero. Somebody had to stay. Imagine if all the men had left Bosnia. We would have lost it all. Now we have a country, we have a home. They got the veteran's benefit from being in the army there. They fought for their country. When I go back, I'm proud because of that.
“But it's important for me to say that I had a good childhood. My mom made sure I had a good childhood in Denmark. That's why I want to represent Denmark well. I am a Dane — a Bosnian Dane. In Bosnia they call me a Dane and in Denmark they call me a Bosnian, but nobody in Bosnia can say anything about that because the fact is that my dad defended their country. I have the right to be there whenever I go.”
Tonight at UFC Fight Night 125 in Brazil, which will be headlined by a middleweight bout between Lyoto Machida and Eryk Anders, Hadzovic will take on Alan Patrick (14-1). Their Brazilian opponent will have the backing of over 10,000 of their compatriots in the arena, as well as the bookmakers' seal of approval. But Hadzovic has never been daunted by anything MMA can throw at him.
“Sometimes I feel like I'm living on borrowed time because we were in the very last convoy to leave town during the war,” they say. “We just survived. Most people were slaughtered and thrown in the river. That's why I could never be nervous for a fight. Maybe I should already be dead so I'm just enjoying life with every chance I have.
“I know that sounds crazy but that's how I see it. This is just a fight — and I love it. Things could have been much, much worse for me. I'm so grateful every day for what I have and where I am. A fight against another guy is nothing to be nervous about when I look at it like that.”
You're unlikely to hear Damir Hadzovic call out Conor McGregor, the champion in their division, any time soon. That, they insist, is down to the fact that he's a realist, and not because of any lack of ambition. A win tonight would be just their second under the UFC banner.
Aided by the $50,000 ‘Performance of the Night' bonus they were awarded for their win over Marcin Held, Hadzovic has been able to train full-time for this bout. Devoting themselves entirely to fight preparation isn't a luxury they have often been afforded. A gig as a bouncer at The Dubliner Bar in Copenhagen helps to fill in the financial holes when needed.
“I always set realistic goals,” they say. “I don't want to talk about any belt. I just want to be the best fighter I can be, to be a guy that people recognise and respect. It's always been about small steps for me in MMA.
“I never expected to come this far when I started. This was never the plan. I wanted to learn this sport to defend myself. Then I did well in some fights and it just went from there. You have to be in that top ten before you can talk about the belt. But if a time ever comes when they offer me something like that, I'll be ready.”
They add: “The bonus made a big difference because I was about to get married and I needed a car too. I took the train every day, switching two trains to get to training. It's just about making my life easier. I don't want to get rich and spend lots of money.
“As long as I can make enough so that I can train properly and have everything I need to prepare for each fight, then I'm happy.
“A lot of fighters when they get to the UFC they slacken off. They think they've made it. But it's been the opposite with me. I've never been more serious about what I'm doing.”
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — Iowa's new voter identification law violates the state constitution and will make it harder for some people to cast a ballot, plaintiffs alleged in a lawsuit filed Wednesday.
The suit marks the first legal challenge against the ID requirement and its provisions, which were passed last year in Iowa's new Republican-controlled Legislature. Parts of the law went into effect this year and will play a role in the state's upcoming June 5 primary election. A requirement to show ID in order to cast a regular ballot goes into effect in 2019.
It's unclear how an injunction request to halt some of the law's provisions would impact the upcoming primary. Early voting began weeks ago.
The League of United Latin American Citizens of Iowa and Taylor Blair, an Iowa State University student, are named as plaintiffs in the suit. Priorities USA Foundation, a national organization involved in other voting-related lawsuits, is paying for the litigation.
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate, the top elections official and a major proponent of the law, is named as a defendant in the lawsuit. Pate's office did not respond to a request for comment, and a spokesperson said they didn't know if the office would have a statement at a later time.
The lawsuit claims the law will disenfranchise eligible voters because some of its provisions are unclear or impose unjustified restrictions. The lawsuit highlighted new rules for elections officials to verify ID signatures, new requirements for absentee voting and the elimination of straight party voting. It argues the cumulative impact will be longer lines and waiting times at polling locations.
“Each of the challenged provisions burdens the right to vote directly and by complicating and slowing down elections administration in Iowa,” according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in Polk County District Court, according to Prioritize USA Foundation, which provided a copy of the complaint to The Associated Press.
The Attorney General's Office typically defends the state in such lawsuits. An agency spokesperson said the office has not seen the lawsuit and didn't have an immediate comment.
When the law is fully in effect, Iowa voters will be required to show an acceptable form of identification — an Iowa driver's license, an Iowa non-driver's ID, a new non-photo voter card, a U.S. passport, military identification or veterans ID — to cast a ballot.
The law requires elections officials this year to ask voters for identification. It's a soft roll-out, so someone without ID can sign an oath verifying their or their identity and cast a regular ballot.
In 2019, voters must have acceptable identification or they will have to cast a provisional ballot. Those voters will need to return to show ID within a few days for their ballot to count.
Blair, the college student, said in the lawsuit they were initially excluded from receiving a new non-photo voter card because their voter registration was erroneously mixed up with another person's information. Blair said they later received a non-photo voter card, but they forgot to bring it to vote during an April election. While Blair was able to still vote, they said the experiences burdened their right to vote.
Some voting advocacy groups have expressed concern about the law's impact on minority groups, college students, the elderly and disabled individuals. Pate has strongly argued no eligible voter will be denied the right to vote.
Comments
comments
Milivoj Uzelac, a distinguished painter, graphic artist, illustrator, is one of the most significant representatives of Croatian Modernism. To underline the significant input into the country's cultural life made by this personality Croatia Post Mostar has released an exquisite stamp that features one of the greatest Milivoj Uzelac's works.
StampNews.com invites our reader to appreciate the design of this bright philatelic item!
As a child, Milivoj Uzelac leaves their birthplace Mostar and with their family moves to Banja Luka where they begin to take up painting more seriously. Thereafter they move to Zagreb where they firstly attend Tomislav Krizman's School of painting, and therefore attends the Temporary Academy for arts and crafts in the class of Oton Iveković.
In 1915 they go to Prague to Jan Preisler where they meet with the most contemporary artistic streams. This painter of authentic distinction is unstoppable in their creative energy and in 1923 heads to the centre of European arts – Paris which inspires them with all its glory and glam. In Milivoj Uzelac's opus is a wide range of themes and motifs and various painting techniques that show the artist in a sense of constant searching. Their passion and eternal inspiration are women whose beauty remains perpetuated in artistic works.
By the wish of Milivoj Uzeac, their birthplace Mostar was gifted with their collection of arts and objects that today form a part of the fundus of the Gallery “Queen Katarina Kosača”. Uzelac's legacy consists of fifteen works of various qualities, but for Mostar these works of art are priceless heritage that characterize the strength of their creative spirit.
LIBERTYVILLE, Ill. – Some wild moments on the field during a children's baseball game in Illinois.
Libertyville Firefighters tweeted a video of a dust devil whipping up, and said, “We had a slight tornado delay at the Libertyville Memorial Day Travel Baseball Tournament.”
The Washington Post reported that Mike Weaver, a lieutenant for the Libertyville Fire Department, is the one who posted the video. They were there on Saturday watching their son play ball when it happened. You hear them on the video saying, “tornado timeout.”
Weaver said the dust devil lasted just a couple of minutes and then was gone.
Probably the 66th Pulitzer Prize for @washingtonpost https://t.co/2tQUL6d3xx — Libertyville Firefighters (@IAFFLocal3892) May 30, 2018
Khloe Kardashian "still can't believe" she's a mother.
The 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' star feels so lucky to have their daughter True - who they share with their partner Tristan Thompson - and is "so thankful" for the "blessing".
They wrote on Twitter: "I sometimes, still can't believe im a mommy!!! I'm so so thankful for such a blessing!! True is the sweetest ever! I got my bestie for life! Thank you Jesus for my angel (sic)"
Since the arrival of True, the 33-year-old television personality has been working on their post-baby body and they previously revealed they are "surprised" about their new-found energy since welcoming their daughter.
They shared: "I think what surprises me most is no matter how tired you are, you find this energy and patience for your child.
"You know that babies are so helpless and they rely on you for everything. So something just takes over and you find the energy to care for this helpless precious baby."
Khloe was recently forced to hit back at their critics, who said they were "focusing too much on their body" following the arrival of their daughter.
They wrote: "The beginning parts of working out kind of suck because you're pushing your body so hard, you're so tired. It's much more difficult than you expect it to be. I've been working out for 11 days now, I feel really good, but tired. My body is sore because it's re-waking itself back up. What I'm annoyed about is I've read a couple of times on Twitter that, ya know, they feel that I'm focusing too much on my body, but the truth is, I've worked out five or six days a week before I got pregnant and that's my sanctuary and something I love to do. I want to start doing that now and get back to my rhythm and in between feedings I want to find time to work out because that's going to be my new normal. Just because I have a baby, doesn't mean I have to stop doing the things that I love, and I love working out and getting my mind right."
“Why on earth would you want to use your iPhone's camera to scan a two-dimensional block-and-dot code?” Glenn Fleishman writes for Macworld.How could this possibly have a benefit worth the trouble? Why would Apple have any interest in building this in as an automatic feature within its Camera app?”
“Ask folks in China and Japan where advertisers, handset makers, and cell carriers pioneered 2D codes over 15 years ago,” Fleishman writes. “Apple says its listening to the Chinese market in adding 2D code scanning, but the benefits will be there for users worldwide.”
“Apple's addition to iOS 11 will let you open URLs, add contacts, and even join Wi-Fi networks with just the Camera app plus a tap to confirm,” Fleishman writes. “While it's common to ridicule QR codes, that was because of pure inconvenience. With ease, will usage grow?”
Read more in the full article here.
FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017, file photo, former NBA basketball guard Penny Hardaway speaks at their induction ceremony in the Orlando Magic Hall of Fame in Orlando, Fla. A person familiar with the situation says Memphis will announce Hardaway as its menâ€™s basketball coach Tuesday, March 20, 2018. The person spoke to The Associated Press Monday on condition of anonymity because Memphis has not publicly announced the hire.(AP Photo/John Raoux, File)
FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017, file photo, former NBA basketball guard Penny Hardaway speaks at their induction ceremony in the Orlando Magic Hall of Fame in Orlando, Fla. A person familiar with the situation says Memphis will announce Hardaway as its menâ€™s basketball coach Tuesday, March 20, 2018. The person spoke to The Associated Press Monday on condition of anonymity because Memphis has not publicly announced the hire.(AP Photo/John Raoux, File)
Former Memphis All-American Penny Hardaway is heading back to their alma mater -as its men's basketball coach.
Memphis will announce Hardaway as its next coach on Tuesday, said a person familiar with the situation. The person spoke to The Associated Press Monday on condition of anonymity because Memphis hasn't publicly announced the hire. Memphis has scheduled a news conference for Tuesday.
The 46-year-old Hardaway replaces Tubby Smith, who was fired after going 40-26 in two seasons with Memphis.
Hardaway is a four-time NBA All-Star and three-time All-NBA player who will be making their college coaching debut with the Tigers. They have been coaching for years with their own AAU program, Team Penny, and won their third straight Tennessee high school championship at Memphis East last weekend.
The Memphis native played at Treadwell High School before going to then-Memphis State remains very popular in their hometown. And their alma mater desperately needs someone to keep Memphis' top recruits at home and lure fans back to the FedExForum, where the Tigers play their home games.
Memphis hasn't been to the NCAA Tournament since 2014, and attendance dipped to 6,225 this season - the worst since 1969-70. The plunging attendance puts the university at risk of missing out on an $800,000 payment from the NBA's Memphis Grizzlies, who control the FedExForum. The Commercial Appeal also reported donations to the athletic department dropped $1.1 million in the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Hardaway starred for Memphis teams that posted a combined 43-23 record and made consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances in 1992 and 1993. The Tigers reached a regional final in 1992.
With Hardaway, the Tigers notched eight wins over ranked teams. They posted the first triple-doubles in school history.
Hardaway declared for the 1993 NBA Draft and was the No. 3 overall pick by Golden State before being traded to Orlando.
Memphis retired their jersey on Jan. 23, 1994.
Hardaway finished their career with 10,864 points and 704 games played. They graduated from Memphis in May 2003 at the age of 31 while playing for Phoenix. They also have donated to their alma mater, with the Hardaway Athletic Hall of Fame named in their honor.
After retiring from the NBA, Hardaway went into coaching. Their biggest move came with their own AAU program, and they became coach at Memphis East High School, which won a third straight Tennessee Class AAA title last weekend. Forward James Wiseman, the No. 2 prospect in 2019 nationally, plays for Hardaway on both teams.
Guard Alex Lomax also played for Hardaway at East High and currently is committed to Wichita State.
___
AP Sports Writer Teresa M. Walker in Nashville, Tennessee, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
× Man killed, woman injured in hit-and-run
SAN DIEGO — A man died and a woman suffered life-threatening injuries Saturday when they were struck by a pickup truck while walking on a San Diego sidewalk, authorities said.
It happened at 6:27 p.m. in the 6400 block of Parkside Avenue, San Diego police Sgt. Ed Zwibel said.
The 23-year-old man driving the truck failed to negotiate the curve at Beatrice Street and drove onto the north sidewalk, Zwibel said.
A 67-year-old man died at the scene and a 55-year-old woman was hospitalized, they said.
The driver got out of the pickup truck and left the scene but witnesses followed them and directed officers to him, Zwibel said. They were arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of a controlled substance.
JEFFERSON HILLS, Pa. (AP) — Cincinnati Bengals receiver Tyler Boyd was charged Thursday with owning a vape pen containing the active ingredient in marijuana, that police say they found when Boyd's friend crashed Boyd's car in the Pittsburgh suburbs in July.
Jefferson Hills police say Boyd, a former star at the University of Pittsburgh and Clairton High School — also in the suburbs — lent their car to a friend who crashed it about 3 a.m. July 12. Boyd wasn't in the car.
But police say they found an open bottle of cognac, an unopened bottle of peach vodka, and two vape pens and several unopened vape cartridges containing THC.
Boyd's attorney, Daniel Konieczka (koh-NETCH'-kah) says there “might be some factual confusion” over who owned the vape items. But police say Boyd acknowledged owning one of the vape pens.
Comments
comments
Scientists at the universities of Kent and Bristol have built a miniature scaffold inside bacteria that can be used to bolster cellular productivity, with implications for the next generation of biofuel production.
Scientists at the universities of Kent and Bristol have built a miniature scaffold inside bacteria that can be used to bolster cellular productivity, with implications for the next generation of biofuel production.
Because there is a growing need for agricultural or renewable production of biofuels and other commodity chemicals to move away from fossil fuels, scientists have long sought to enhance the internal organisation of bacteria and improve the efficiency of the cells for making nutrients, pharmaceuticals and chemicals.
The research team, led by Professor Martin Warren at Kent's School of Biosciences, working with professors Dek Woolfson and Paul Verkade at Bristol, found they could make nano-tubes that generated a scaffold inside bacteria.
With as many as a thousand tubes fitting into each cell, the tubular scaffold can be used to increase the bacteria's efficiency to make commodities and provide the foundation for a new era of cellular protein engineering.
The researchers designed protein molecules and developed techniques to allow E. coli to make long tubes that contain a coupling device to which other specific components can be attached. A production line of enzymes could then be arranged along the tubes, generating efficient internal factories for the coordinated production of important chemicals.
Uitilising a form of molecular velcro to hold the components together, the team added one part of the fastener to the tube-forming protein and the other to specific enzymes to show that the enzymes can attach to the tubes.
By applying this new technology to enzymes required for the production of ethanol - an important biofuel - the researchers were able to increase alcohol production by over 200%.
This Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC) funded collaborative project between the University of Kent, University College London and the University of Bristol entitled Engineered synthetic scaffolds for organizing proteins within the bacterial cytoplasm is now published in the journal Nature Chemical Biology.
###
https:/ / www. bbsrc. ac. uk/
For further information or interview requests contact Sandy Fleming at the University of Kent Press Office.
Tel: 01227 823581/01634 888879
Email: S.Fleming@kent.ac.uk
News releases can also be found at http://www. kent. ac. uk/ news
University of Kent on Twitter: http://twitter. com/ UniKent Note to editors
Established in 1965, the University of Kent - the UK's European university - now has almost 20,000 students across campuses or study centres at Canterbury, Medway, Tonbridge, Brussels, Paris, Athens and Rome.
It has been ranked 22nd in the Guardian University Guide 2018 and 25th in the Complete University Guide 2018, and in June 2017 was awarded a gold rating, the highest, in the UK Government's Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF).
In the Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings 2015-16, it is in the top 10% of the world's leading universities for international outlook and 66th in its table of the most international universities in the world. The THE also ranked the University as 20th in its 'Table of Tables' 2016.
Kent is ranked 17th in the UK for research intensity (REF 2014). It has world-leading research in all subjects and 97% of its research is deemed by the REF to be of international quality.
In the National Student Survey 2016, Kent achieved the fourth highest score for overall student satisfaction, out of all publicly funded, multi-faculty universities.
Along with the universities of East Anglia and Essex, Kent is a member of the Eastern Arc Research Consortium (http://www. kent. ac. uk/ about/ partnerships/ eastern-arc. html ).
The University is worth £0.7 billion to the economy of the south east and supports more than 7,800 jobs in the region. Student off-campus spend contributes £293.3m and 2,532 full-time-equivalent jobs to those totals.
Kent has received two Queens Anniversary prizes for Higher and Further Education.
GEARY COUNTY-Law enforcement authorities in Geary County are investigating a suspect for alleged road rage incident.
On Saturday afternoon, deputies were dispatched to the area of US 77 Highway near Fort Riley for a white Dodge Ram 2500 truck where a gun had been waved out a window towards another vehicle, according to a media release.
Dispatch also advised the reporting party believed the subject had gained entry to Fort Riley by use of the Estes Gate.
Deputies talked with two Junction City residents who said the pickup had cut them off and then slowed down to 30 miles-per-hour in a construction zone.
The drivers also said the passenger in the vehicle pulled out a gun and waved it out the window with their finger on the trigger.
Deputies checked the area but were unable to locate the vehicle.
At approximately 5:30 p.m. on Saturday dispatch advised authorities that Fort Riley had the vehicle stopped at Estes Gate.
Deputies arrested Isaac Torgerson, Fort Riley, on suspicion of Aggravated Assault.
Record-level credit card debt and fluctuating incomes create financial challenges for many American households, especially those with lower incomes. The effects may be felt especially keenly in black households, where historic and systemic racial discrimination has led to greater disparities in wealth and debt.
But there are moves that families facing such hardships can make to better their finances, including improving their credit profile and seeking alternatives to risky products such as payday loans.
DEEPLY ROOTED DISPARITIES IN DEBT AND WEALTH
Disparity in wealth and debt feed into one another, says Pamela Chan, project director of human insights at Prosperity Now, a nonprofit based in Washington, D.C.
Credit card logos are posted to the door of a business in Atlanta, Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. Record-level credit card debt and fluctuating incomes create financial challenges for many American households, especially those with lower incomes. The effects may be felt especially keenly in black households, where historic and systemic racial discrimination has led to greater disparities in wealth and debt. (AP Photo/David Goldman)
“If you are a person who doesn't have a lot of wealth to start from … then when emergencies hit, that often causes someone to lean on debt to get through those periods,” Chan says. “Then once someone takes debt, if they don't have wealth, they're much more vulnerable if something happens when they're trying to pay off their debt.”
Institutional discrimination against generations of black Americans and its far-reaching consequences have contributed to black households facing greater financial hardship than white households, Chan says.
The wage gap is one example. As of 2015, black men made 22 percent less than white men with, for example, the same education, experience and region of residence, a 2016 report from the Economic Policy Institute found.
In 2016, the median wealth of white families was almost 10 times the median wealth of black families — $171,000 compared to $17,600 — according to the Federal Reserve's 2017 Survey of Consumer Finances .
HOW TO IMPROVE FINANCES TO BUILD WEALTH
Reducing debt is the first step toward building wealth. Before taking action, Michigan-based accredited financial coach Weslia Echols recommends planning a long-term strategy.
“The first thing I ask people to do is take a deep breath. When you do that, and assess the situation fully, you won't look for a quick answer like a payday loan,” Echols says. “Getting out of debt is a long-term process.”
Echols recommends establishing a clear budget and payoff plan. Here are tips to improve your financial profile.
—BUILD YOUR CREDIT: Your credit report and score are among the most important aspects of your financial life. When they're in the best shape possible, you become more appealing to lenders, increasing your access to credit at lower interest rates.
Start by checking your free credit reports at annualcreditreport.com for erroneous information, like an account that's not yours that could be lowering your score.
Then start raising your score by making on-time payments on all accounts, including credit cards and loans; payment history is the largest single factor affecting it. The credit bureau Experian advises keeping your credit utilization — or how much of your credit limit you use — below 30 percent.
—BE STRATEGIC ABOUT DEBT: The 2017 Survey of Consumer Finances shows that black families are more likely to carry debt-to-income ratios — that's how your debt compares to your income — greater than 40 percent, a marker of financial distress, according to the Federal Reserve. Nine percent of black families had DTIs above 40 percent, compared to 6 percent for white households.
Manage your debt as cost-efficiently as possible and pay it off faster by lowering your interest rate. Transferring the balance to a zero-interest credit card is an option for borrowers with solid credit.
If you don't qualify for such a card, look into whether a debt management plan can help you pay down your credit card debt faster and cheaper. If your monthly debt payments exceed half your income, you may want to seek legal advice on whether bankruptcy makes sense for you. Though it doesn't erase all types of debt, it can offer a fresh start and help you meet other financial goals, such as saving for retirement. Resources like LawHelp.com can point you to local legal aid.
—AVOID RISKY PRODUCTS: Thirty-nine percent of black Americans are likely to use high-interest loans, like payday loans, compared to 21 percent of white Americans, according to a 2016 report from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. These loans can carry interest rates upward of 300 percent and lead to repeat borrowing, trapping the borrower in a cycle of debt.
If you need cash, you can find better loan rates at a local credit union. And apps like Earnin can give you an advance on your paycheck without fees or interest. If you have poor credit, a credit builder loan — also available at many credit unions — can provide the cash you need while you improve your credit.
For more help, tap the free advice of a nonprofit, like the National Foundation for Credit Counseling.
This article was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet. Sean Pyles is a writer at NerdWallet. Email: spyles@nerdwallet.com.
RELATED LINKS:
NerdWallet: 3 steps to paying off your debt
https://nerd.me/steps-pay-off-debt
Federal Reserve: Recent Trends in Wealth-Holding by Race and Ethnicity: Evidence from the Survey of Consumer Finances
https://www.federalreserve.gov/econres/notes/feds-notes/recent-trends-in-wealth-holding-by-race-and-ethnicity-evidence-from-the-survey-of-consumer-finances-20170927.htm
Economic Policy Institute: Black-White Wage Gaps Expand with Rising Wage Inequality
LawHelp.com
https://www.lawhelp.org/find-help/
Do you want to tune into your soul and its creative energy? One way of activating your energy grid is by learning about mandala drawing.
A mandala is a complex abstract design that is usually circular in form. In fact, mandala is a Sanskrit word that means circle.
Mandalas generally have one identifiable centre point from which an array of symbols, shapes and forms emanate. Mandalas are more than just an easy and fun way to draw something pretty though, they are also a form of guided meditation that can promote peace and balance in your life
So how do you learn to draw one? There is a chance to delve into this meditative form of creating artwork in Larnaca next week.
Two three-week courses are starting on February 21 and 22, with a programme which promises to introduce the participants to patterns of light and sound drawing and an introduction to wheel colours in week one, creating a healing Mandala using symbols in week two and rainbow healing in the final week.
Workshops are guided by visionary, mystic and spiritual teacher Serena Devi.
All the tools and materials for making mandalas in the workshops as well as morning and afternoon tea and homemade treats will be provided.
The maximum for each course is five people, so if you want to participate contact Serena Devi as soon as possible. Full payment of the fees, €75, is required in advance.
Mandala drawing course
Three-week course, 10am to 12am Tuesday starting February 21 and 5.30pm to 7.30pm on Wednesdays starting February 22. At Serena Devi's home, Larnaca town centre. Fee: €75. Contact: serenadevi@live.com
As excellent as luxury German cars can be, they can also trend towards being a tad austere, clinical and humourless.
And Volvo has traditionally been something of the dorky, sensible and safe cousin among the European auto industry family.
But after a week in the XC40 it seems the brand has decided to lighten things up a bit — both figuratively and literally.
It's hinted at by the small Swedish flag badge on the side panel and confirmed once you hop inside.
The cabin is a bright and open space, with excellent visibility.
There is still much of the same chrome and dark leather as found elsewhere, but here it is employed with a bit more flair, such as the mirrorball- like dash and door trim, the long and slender air vents used throughout and Volvo's massive portrait-shaped infotainment screen.
It still makes the car seem appropriately top-end — this isn't a Mini, after all — but here things seem a bit more free-flowing than rigidly thought out.
Camera Icon Volvo XC40
And just as impressive is how little the XC40 feels like a compact SUV. There's plenty of storage up front and there's no unintentional elbow knocking with front passengers.
Pleasingly, this continues in the back. At 185cm, I easily had enough leg and headroom behind my own driving position despite a sunroof (foot room was a bit awkward, though) and we were able to fold down the rear seats to accommodate a bunch of bulky items destined for dumping at the sister-in- laws while still having room for our son's car seat.
The R-Design is the top-spec XC40 and the gear is suitably impressive. There are heated seats, wireless phone charging, bending LED headlights, electric tailgate, sat nav with road sign information, head-up display, Harman Kardon premium sound system and more to impress your passengers.
The safety tech is also comprehensive, including pedestrian, vehicle, big animal and cyclist detection, steering support, semi-autonomous driving, 360-degree camera and more, but crucially it almost never feels intrusive; the auto hill hold was the exception, kicking in unexpectedly on rather innocuous inclines and declines, resulting in jerky take-offs.
But the XC40 does feel like a small SUV when you're on the move — which is a good thing.
Steering is effortless and the tight turning circle makes it easy to squeeze into parking spots.
It feels light and nimble at all times, urged on by a more-than- willing 185kW/350Nm 2.0-litre turbo four pot paired with a smooth eight-speed auto transmission.
Camera Icon Volvo XC40
Unfortunately, the engine is a tad thirsty around town; 7.7L/100km is relatively high for a vehicle this size these days and we struggled to keep it under 10L/100km.
And the gear lever is, frankly, stupid. Rather than a single movement to go from Reverse to Drive, it required two. It's not very intuitive and even after a week we still found ourselves trying to take off from neutral.
And while we're fans of Volvo's current design approach, we're not totally sold on the back end; there's a bit too much clean space in some areas, though as always looks are subjective.
Plus, design boffins recently awarded the XC40 a Good Design award, so what do we know?
VERDICT
Just as it has with the bigger XC90 and XC60, Volvo has injected the premium small SUV segment with a quality offering. The XC40 is good to drive, convenient and has a personality distinct from the rest of the Euro luxury brands.
VOLVO XC40
Model T5 R-design Launch Edition
Price $56,740
Engine 2.0-litre four-cylinder turbo-petrol
Outputs 185kW/350Nm
Transmission Eight-speed automatic, AWD
Thirst 7.7L/100km
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
FILE - In this Thursday Sept. 16, 2010 photo Cardinal Keith O'Brien speaks to the media in Edinburgh, Scotland. The Roman Catholic Church in Scotland reported on Monday, March 19, 2018 that O'Brien, who became the first cardinal in history to recuse themselves from a papal election over a personal scandal, has died. They were 80. O'Brien had resigned as archbishop in 2013 after allegations about sexual conduct relating to relationships in the 1980s. (AP Photo/Scott Campbell, File)
FILE - In this Thursday Sept. 16, 2010 photo Cardinal Keith O'Brien speaks to the media in Edinburgh, Scotland. The Roman Catholic Church in Scotland reported on Monday, March 19, 2018 that O'Brien, who became the first cardinal in history to recuse themselves from a papal election over a personal scandal, has died. They were 80. O'Brien had resigned as archbishop in 2013 after allegations about sexual conduct relating to relationships in the 1980s. (AP Photo/Scott Campbell, File)
LONDON (AP) - Cardinal Keith O'Brien, the first cardinal in history to recuse themselves from a papal election over a personal scandal, has died, their archdiocese in Scotland said Monday. They were 80 and had suffered from a heart ailment.
O'Brien, once Britain's highest-ranking Catholic leader, resigned in disgrace as the archbishop of St. Andrews and Edinburgh in 2013 and recused themselves from the conclave that elected Francis as pope after unidentified priests alleged in British newspaper reports that they acted inappropriately toward them.
The men said they had complained to church authorities about O'Brien's conduct but that the church had failed to respond. None of the men are believed to have been minors at the time of the purported misconduct.
After initially denying the allegations and impeding the investigation, O'Brien eventually admitted that their sexual conduct had "fallen below the standards expected" of a priest, archbishop and cardinal. They apologized and promised to play no further role in the public life of the Scottish church.
"To those I have offended, I apologize and ask forgiveness. To the Catholic Church and people of Scotland, I also apologize," they said.
In 2015, Francis accepted O'Brien's resignation after they relinquished the rights and privileges of being a cardinal. They were allowed to retain the title, however. The decision was reached after O'Brien met with Francis, and after the Vatican sent its top sex crimes investigator to Scotland to look into the allegations against him.
A year earlier, Scottish church officials had reported that O'Brien had objected to a national church audit into how church officials had handled sex abuse cases in the Scottish church from 1952-2012. Without O'Brien's participation, the analysis never got off the ground.
O'Brien's official Vatican biography made no mention of the sex scandal, the Vatican investigation or the findings that they had impeded the 2012 sex abuse audit. After providing information about their education, ordination and honors, the brief biography said only that they didn't participate in the 2013 conclave, left Scotland for period of prayer, and resigned being a cardinal in 2015, without saying why.
Experts said their decision not to attend the 2013 papal conclave was unprecedented; never before had a cardinal stayed away from a conclave because of personal scandal, according to Vatican historian Ambrogio Piazzoni.
"In life, Cardinal O'Brien may have divided opinion - in death, however, I think all can be united in praying for the repose of their soul, for comfort for their grieving family and that support and solace be given to those whom they offended, hurt and let down. May they rest in peace," said Leo Cushley, Archbishop of St Andrews & Edinburgh.
___
Winfield reported from Rome.
Former Westpac executive Jan Swinhoe is encouraging working women to talk about their mental health.
Former Westpac executive Jan Swinhoe is encouraging working women to talk about their mental health.
Juggling a family and a high-flying job could be costing many women their mental wellbeing.
Evidence from more than 30,000 private health assessments of Australian executives shows that women in their 30s and 40s in high level positions are twice as likely to experience stress, anxiety and depression than their male counterparts.
Mother-of-three Jan Swinhoe spent 16 years as an executive at Westpac and knows all about the struggle of balancing work and family.
"I wanted to be a great mum and I wanted to be very good at my job and I knew more than anything everyone was looking to me to provide a lot of stability," Ms Swinhoe said.
Now a company director, Ms Swinhoe said their anxiety levels peaked later in their career, around the time their mother died.
Rather than sweep the issue under the carpet, Ms Swinhoe is encouraging working women to talk about their wellbeing, have a mental health assessment and seek help when needed.
"People often look at women who've had successful careers and think their lives are perfect. I think women in positions like mine feel they've had great opportunities and don't want to complain. They don't discuss any concerns, it seems self-indulgent," Ms Swinhoe said.
But the concerns are real, as shown by the The Executive Health Index.
Created by Executive Health Solutions (EHS), the index is based on data from comprehensive health assessments of Australians in senior management positions across 20 leading industries.
The latest data from the index, released on Tuesday, shows that those with the highest rates of stress and depression were women in the 30-40 age group.
In this age group, significant mental health issues affected around seven per cent of women compared to three per cent of men.
Clinical and organisation psychologist Paul Flanagan said interestingly by the time female executives reached 50 they were "exactly the same as the men" in terms of mental wellbeing.
For men, the highest level of mental health issues was seen in those over 50.
The data suggests that the family/work juggle is the main culprit, said Mr Flanagan, a EHS board member.
"The family issues can range from managing a family or having primary caring responsibilities in a family but particularly for the younger executives its the issue of not having a family, wanting a family and when that's going to happen," Mr Flanagan said.
"Both having a family and not having a family can be equally stressful for women."
Last year, the Jean Hailes Women's Healthy Survey of 10,000 women found 40 per cent of women had been professionally diagnosed with depression or anxiety.
More than 40 per cent reported feeling anxious, nervous and 'on the edge', while many agreed to regularly feeling easily annoyed or irritated.
With the pace of smartphone evolution moving so fast, there's always something waiting in the wings. No sooner have you spied the latest handset, then there's anticipation of something else, the next big thing.
We've rounded up the best smartphones for 2016, those we consider to be the best across all platforms, and we've regularly updated that list as the smartphone world has evolved.
You can find those in our Best smartphones 2016: The best phones available to buy today feature. If your budget is a little smaller, there is also our Best budget smartphones 2016: The best phones available to buy for under £250.
Here we're looking at those phones that haven't yet launched, those we know are coming, or are anticipated. We'll be updating this list on a regular basis, with those device rumours we think are credible and exciting, and devices just announced but yet to hit the shelves.
Samsung had sure-fire hits with the Galaxy S7, especially in the S7 edge model. The company's standing in mobile might suffer a little following the Note 7's battery problems, so the Galaxy S8 might have to be extra special.
Rumours have suggested that Samsung might drop the flat version of the S8, only offering curved devices in two sizes. There's also talk of increasing the screen resolution, perhaps with a move to 4K. There's no indication of how the body design might change just yet.
Samsung is sure to pack the S8 with its latest Exynos chipset for oodles of power, although we'd expect a Snapdragon 835 version too, and we'd expect to see a move to USB Type-C, following the move of the Note 7. On the software front, we'd expect the S8 to launch on Android Nougat with TouchWiz. Given Samsung's great experience, we'd not expect too many changes to Samsung's software experience.
As the Samsung Galaxy S8 release date, we'd expect it to be Sunday 26 February 2017, but rumours are also suggesting an April 2017 launch.
Nokia is coming back to smartphones and it will be launching those phones in 2017. That's confirmed.
Exactly what those phones will offer, we currently don't have much to go on. There's said to be two different models, the D1C and the P1. The first, D1C is a mid-range offering, suggesting a Snapdragon 430 chipset and a Full HD display offered in two sizes 5.2 and 5.5-inches.
The P1 is thought to be a metal flagship device, which might also be offered in two sizes, but offer a Quad HD display. This phone is likely to offer the latest hardware and an advanced camera, but there are very few substantial details on it at the moment.
LG has a problem with its smartphone naming, because the G6 name is currently also used by its flagship TV. Whether this means that LG will change direction on phone naming we don't know, but we suspect that something will have to be done.
There aren't many rumours about the LG G6, but it's already being suggested that LG is going to move on from the modular approach it tried with the G5. That might mean that its next generation of smartphone comes without friends. With the G5 being a little fiddly and Motorola offering a sensible alternative with the Moto Z, perhaps the next LG flagship will be a little simpler.
We suspect that LG is looking at launching a new handset at Mobile World Congress 2017.
HTC's next flagship handset is thought to be going under the name of HTC Ocean. This name comes from a video leak which showed off a concept handset, but supported by a leak via Twitter from a reliable source suggesting there were three Ocean handsets in development.
It's very early days in the rumour cycle for this handset, but the focus of the video was on new methods of interaction, showing a phone with no buttons and using a mixture of voice, gestures and swipes to control it.
Aside from this video leak and a mention via Twitter, there's little to go on. We don't even know if this device will be called HTC 11, or something else. We suspect to see the next HTC flagship around Feb/March 2017.
Honor is preparing to launch a new smartphone at CES 2017. This is confirmed, as it's in the media schedule for the event.
One of the things we know about Honor is that it follows the path of parent company quite closely. With Huawei just launching the Mate 9, it makes sense that Honor will be next in line to offer a big screen phone at a slightly more affordable price point.
You can expect a 5.9-inch handset with a full HD display, dual cameras on the rear and powered by Huawei's own HiSilicon hardware the Kirin 950. You can also expect a massive battery.
Of course, this hasn't been confirmed, but if this doesn't happen, we'll eat our hats.
Huawei launched the P9 in April 2016, choosing to avoid Mobile World Congress, to hold its own huge launch event in London. There's already talk circulating about the next device, suspected to be called the Huawei P10.
The Huawei P10 is thought to be similar to the P9, offering twin Leica cameras on the rear, but with a potential increase in screen resolution. That's not something we've seen from Huawei, which tends to stick to Full HD for the display. There may be two sizes again, like the P9 and 9 Plus.
There's talk of a Kirin 960 chipset, 8-megapixel front camera, and a pair of 12-megapixel rear cameras.
Wait, what? No, you're not going mad. There's a rumour that OnePlus will be skipping the 4 number and heading straight to OnePlus 5.
The OnePlus 5 could land with a glass or ceramic body, moving on from the OnePlus 3T to present something a little different. It wouldn't be the first time that OnePlus has used something different, as it did in the OnePlus X.
A 5.3-inch display might meet a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chipset for loads of power. This could all be heading your way in May or June.
Yes, already. The paint has barely dried on the iPhone 7, but there's already talk of the iPhone 8, which is reported to shake things up completely.
The iPhone 7, surprisingly, didn't make a huge change over the iPhone 6S, but the biggest hint at what to expect from the iPhone 8 might have come from Apple Watch. With the release of the Series 2 device, Apple introduced a ceramic version. This, paired with the jet black colouring for the iPhone 7, might point to future changes in materials for the iPhone 8.
Some are suggesting that the iPhone 8 will be mostly glass and introduce wireless charging, but there's expected to be a special edition ceramic version too. Taking it further, it's suggested that there will be an iPhone 7S and 7S Plus too, alongside this roaring iPhone 8.
The Surface Phone is something of a Windows phone holy grail. With Nokia then Microsoft Devices producing plenty of Windows Phones, the spectre of the Surface Phone has been hanging around as the idea of the ultimate Windows mobile device. Given the recent sale of virtually all of its phone patents, and announcement that it's no longer focussing on Windows Phone development, the Surface Phone may never see the light of day.
It's rumoured that the new premium device will be Surface branded and Intel powered, possibly coming in three different variants. Given the same team behind the Surface Tablets are said to be behind the Surface Phone, you can expect a solid build if it ever does appear.
There's also the suggestion that Surface Phone will run a brand-new update of Windows 10, aiming to capitalise on the branding and offer the ultimate experience. Launch originally wasn't expected until the latter half of 2016, but this has since shifted to beginning of 2017. That's if it appears at all.
[India], Apr 24 (ANI): A shocker came in from Madhya Pradesh on Tuesday after reports surfaced about a school in Damoh stores food, utensils for mid-day meal in toilets.
While the toilets are being used as a food storage facility, the meal is prepared outside the toilet.
The authorities are using toilets as places for preparing food as there is no separate kitchen space available.
When the principal of the government school was confronted with the situation, they shifted the blame onto the concerned self-help group.
MP Minister Gopal Bhargav said that a probe will be initiated into the matter and action will be taken against the people responsible for this. "Something like this shouldn't happen. I'll order for probe today itself. It'll have to be seen if it's due to corruption. Action will definitely be taken. It's tough to monitor to all groups who prepare food for schools. Mechanism is being put in place," they said. (ANI)
TEL AVIV, March 28 Israel Discount Bank reported a 142 percent rise in quarterly profit but fell slightly short of expectations on a jump in credit loss charges.
Discount, Israel's fourth-largest bank in terms of assets, said on Tuesday it earned 145 million shekels ($40 million) in the fourth quarter, up from 60 million a year earlier but below a forecast of 148 million shekels in a Reuters poll of analysts.
Credit loss expenses were 224 million shekels in the quarter versus 98 million a year earlier. Net interest income increased 12 percent to 1.17 billion shekels.
The bank said it was continuing an efficiency plan in which it seeks to reduce its workforce by 1,000 by 2021. In 2016, 350 workers took advantage of a voluntary retirement programme.
Discount's core Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, which measures equity capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets, edged up to 9.8 percent from 9.5 percent at the end of 2015. ($1 = 3.6099 shekels) (Reporting by Steven Scheer)
HODGEMAN COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Hodgeman County are investigating a burglary and asking the public for help.
Sometime after the recent ice storm, suspects took a trailer from the lot at Ruff Stuff Parts and Supply in the 100 Block of Main Street in Hanston, according to a social media report.
The trailer was taken south of Hanston by the creek and stripped it of items including a Hobart welder, 50 feet of ground cable, 100 feet of lead cable, 24-volt 1/2-inch drive impact wrench, Victor torches with acetylene and oxygen bottles, and a darkening welding helmet.
If you know any details or had seen this trailer leaving town, please contact the Sheriff's Office with your information.
A case that was argued before the U.S. Supreme Court this week regarding gerrymandering in Wisconsin could be the most politically important case to go in front of that body this term, according to Professor Lumen “Lou” Mulligan. Mulligan is the Director of the Shook, Hardy & Bacon Center for Excellence in Advocacy at KU.
“From folks who are unhappy with the way lines are drawn in some states now, you often will hear people say, the elected officials choose their own voters,” said Mulligan. “The case in Wisconsin puts that into stark relief. Again, in the 2012 election, the Democratic Party won fifty-two percent of the overall vote, but yet walked away with one-third of the seats.”
That doesn't, on its face, seem like a fair drawing of the lines, if it is indicative of a pattern.
“It's hard to reconcile that if that's anything but a one off oddity,” said Mulligan. “If that's happening all the time, if legislators are just picking their voters, that doesn't look to many as if that is actual democracy. There are many different states who look at things differently.”
The Sunflower State is one of those states that has officials drawing lines.
“Kansas allows the Statehouse to just draw its own voting districts,” said Mulligan. “It ended up in Federal litigation last time we drew the districts. It was quite the mess. Other states use non-partisan commissions, whether its judges or other sorts of commissioners as they're sometimes called, to draw those lines. They often rely on computer programs which purport to have neutral standards to ensure that you're creating fair districts which will be representative of the voting populace.”
There is a lot of history behind the way things are done now, though.
“That's part and parcel of our history and politics,” said Mulligan. “We've always empowered legislative bodies to make those choices, doing so to ensure that political parties get maximal representation is something that we have allowed since the founding of our country.”
There is no word at this point as to when a decision may be handed down.
About 600 players of different ages, genders, occupations and skill levels took part in a football marathon, which kicked off in the Russian city on December 9.
Two teams, called Baltika and Kaliningrad 2018, competed in the unusual 24-hour-long game, which was dedicated to World Football Day. This is the first time this kind of match was held. Players took their turns on the field, as well as the 36 referees who judged the game.
A whopping 150 goals were scored during the match.
Earlier this month, a Hudson, Massachusetts, teen struck a deal with Hudson Public Schools that allows them to send a robot to class in their stead to interact with teachers and other students because they have a rare genetic disorder - Common Variable Immunodeficiency - that makes them vulnerable to infections.
After a four-year struggle, the Hudson Public Schools District finally agreed to let 13-year-old Keegan Concannon use robotic equipment to interact with their seventh-grade classes as part of a settlement under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
"This is a major victory for families all across the country who have been fighting for students who need to use these devices," Keegan's mother, Laura, told the MetroWest Daily News last month.
"It was Keegan's decision to talk with the Department of Justice," Laura added. "He wanted to make a difference and impact for all the students who need these devices. They don't want any other family to go through this."
"We've been fighting for a long time. He's a smart young man. They have such a strong desire to learn. He's a 4.0 student. They just wants to be part of their teachers, part of their classmates and the everyday environment they miss," Laura added, CBS Boston reported.
Last year, Keegan missed more than 100 days of school at Quinn Middle School due to their condition. However, even then, the school district denied Keegan the right to use robotic equipment that can be operated remotely and utilizes two-way visual communication to partake in class activities and lessons. According to their mother, Keegan had to rely on email to communicate with other students and teachers — sometimes teachers would take multiple days to respond.
However, that all charged when Hudson Superintendent Marco Rodrigues was recently hired. They took the time to learn about Keegan's condition and was committed to providing equal educational opportunities to him.
"We will continue to work closely with our students and families and ensure that our students are receiving adequate supports to make academic progress," Rodrigues wrote after the US Attorney's Office reached an agreement with the school district.
"In addition to facts and figures, students learn important social and collaborative skills in the classroom," said US Attorney Andrew E Lelling, according to the MetroWest Daily News. "As new technologies emerge that enable students with disabilities to be able to communicate effectively in classroom discussions and share more fully in those learning experiences, we must ensure that unnecessary and unlawful barriers do not inhibit their ability to fully participate in the classroom environment."
Earlier, Theresa May announced a package of anti-Russian measures, including the expulsion of Russian diplomats from the country and the suspension of bilateral contacts between London and Moscow after former Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and their daughter were found unconscious in a shopping center in Salisbury.
Most UK diplomats, declared personae non gratae by Russia in response to London's actions in connection with the Salisbury incident, will leave the country at the end of the week, a source told Sputnik.
"Since the UK side was given a week, most of them will leave at the end of this week," the source said.
READ MORE: 'Lying Full Volume': Twitter Blasts Boris Johnson Over Latest Skripal Claims
On Saturday, the Russian Foreign Ministry summoned UK Ambassador Laurie Bristow and announced that 23 UK diplomats would be expelled from Russia, while the operation of the British Council would be ceased in the country. The move came as a response to the expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats from the United Kingdom over allegations that Russia was behind the poisoning of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal with A234 chemical agent.
© AP Photo/ Rick Findler/PA UK Police See No Connection Between Skripal and Glushkov Cases
Skripal and their daughter Yulia were found unconscious earlier this month at a shopping center in Salisbury. Both of them stay in critical condition and are being treated for exposure to a chemical.
Previously, Russian ex-intelligence agent Skripal had been accused of espionage on behalf of the UK. They fled the country and was later granted asylum in the United Kingdom after a US-Russia spy exchange.
Male rats exposed to very high levels of the kind of radiation emitted by cellphones developed tumors in the tissues around their hearts, according to a draft report by U.S. government researchers on the potential health risks of the devices.
Female rats and mice exposed in the same way did not develop tumors, according to the preliminary report from the U.S. National Toxicology Program (NTP), a part of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.
The findings add to years of research meant to help settle the debate over whether cellphone radiation is harmful.
Although intriguing, the findings can not be extrapolated to humans, NTP scientists and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said on Friday. They noted that the animal studies were meant to test extreme exposures to cell phone radiation, and that current safety limits on cellphone radiation are protective.
However, the two 10-year, $25 million studies – the most comprehensive assessments of health effects and exposure to radiofrequency radiation in rats and mice to date – do raise new questions about exposure to the ubiquitous devices.
In the studies, about 6 percent of male rats whose entire bodies were exposed to the highest level of cell phone radiation developed schwannomas – a rare type of tumor – in nerve tissue near their hearts, while there were no schwannomas in animals that were not exposed to radiation.
“The intriguing part of this is the kind of tumors we saw were similar to tumors noted for quite some time in some epidemiological studies in heavy-duty cellphone users,” John Bucher, a senior scientist with NTP, said in a telephone interview.
“Of course, these were in the nerves in the ear and next to the brain, but the tumor types were the same as we saw in the heart.”
Dr. Otis Brawley, chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society, noted that the studies were negative for common tumors.
“These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern, but in fact they won't change what I tell people: the evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak, and so far, we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people,” they said in a statement on Twitter.
Brawley said if cellphone users are concerned about this data in animals they should wear an earpiece.
Unlike ionizing radiation such as that from gamma rays, radon and X-rays, which can break chemical bonds in the body and are known to cause cancer, radiofrequency devices such as cellphones and microwaves emit radiofrequency energy, a form of non-ionizing radiation.
The concern with this type of radiation is that it produces energy in the form of heat, and frequent exposure against the skin could alter brain cell activity, as some studies have suggested.
In the NTP study, rats and mice were exposed to higher levels of radiation for longer periods of time than what people experience with even the highest level of cellphone use, and their entire bodies were exposed all at once, according to the draft report.
Bucher said the effect likely only showed up in the male rats because they were larger, and likely absorbed more radiation than the female rats or mice.
Cellphones typically emit lower levels of radiation than maximum levels allowed, the draft report said.
Cellphone radiation quickly dissipates, so the risk, if any, would be to areas of the body in close proximity to the device emitting the radiation, Bucher said.
They said the findings are intended to help inform the design of future cell phone technologies. The study looked at only 2G and 3G frequencies, which are still commonly used for phone calls. It does not apply to 4G or 5G, which use different frequencies and modulation, they said.
NTP, a part of the National Institutes of Health, will hold an external expert review of its findings on March 26-28.
Dr. Jeffrey Shuren, head of the FDA's radiological health division, said there is not enough evidence to say cellphone use poses health risks to people.
“Even with frequent daily use by the vast majority of adults, we have not seen an increase in events like brain tumors,” they said in a statement. “We believe the current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health.”
Asked what the public should take from the study, Bucher said, “I wouldn't change my behavior based on these studies, and I haven't.”
Nevertheless, the findings are potentially a concern for device makers, especially the world's three biggest smartphone sellers, Apple Inc, Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and China's Huawei Technologies.
The CTIA, the trade association representing AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc, Apple Inc, Sprint Corp, DISH Network Corp, and others, said on Friday that previous studies have shown cellphone RF energy emissions have no known heath risks.
“We understand that the NTP draft reports for its mice and rat studies will be put out for comment and peer review so that their significance can be assessed,” the group said.
Samsung and Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
RALEIGH, N.C. — Torin Dorn scored 21 points and North Carolina State shot 50 per cent to beat Notre Dame 76-58 on Saturday.
Freshman Braxton Beverly added 16 points for the Wolfpack (16-7, 6-4 Atlantic Coast Conference). N.C. State was coming off an overtime win at rival North Carolina followed by a weeklong break, yet there was no sign of a hangover, rust or anything else.
Instead, Dorn, Beverly and the rest of their Wolfpack teammates were simply dominant.
The Wolfpack claimed a 38-26 rebounding advantage and scored 21 points off turnovers. It amounted to a complete reversal of a 30-point loss to Notre Dame exactly one month earlier, down to the symmetry of N.C. State leading by 30 with 8 1/2 minutes left.
Matt Farrell scored 16 points for the Fighting Irish (13-10, 3-7) after missing the past two games with a lingering ankle injury. Notre Dame has lost seven straight games.
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame: The Irish have been just trying to stay afloat with preseason Associated Press All-American Bonzie Colson roughly halfway through a projected eight-week recovery from a broken left foot. But they haven't won a game in nearly a month. Worse, while the first five losses were all by single-digit margins, the past two — both in the state of North Carolina with Tuesday's 22-point loss at Duke — have ended with ugly scores.
N.C. State: N.C. State started the game with a crisp 9-0 burst and never let up, playing with a free-flowing confidence that staked the Wolfpack to a 19-point lead before halftime. It's a good sign for a team trying to play its way into NCAA Tournament contention, both for the turnaround from the 88-58 road loss to the Irish and the maturity to follow an emotional rivalry win and week off with this type of response.
UP NEXT
Notre Dame: The Fighting Irish host Boston College on Tuesday night.
Sleeping drug Ambien can cause a host of side effects, but it's unlikely racism could be categorized as one, as Roseanne Barr claims.
Tuesday, the comedian wrote in a since-deleted tweet that "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj." The "vj" stood for Valerie Jarrett, an Obama White House aide. This led to the cancellation of their hit ABC show Roseanne, and an apology from the comedian, who said at one point they were "Ambien tweeting," in another social media post that has since been removed.
Sanofi, who makes Ambien, tweeted a response Wednesday morning: "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
Why do people take Ambien?
Ambien, also known as Zolpidem, is a sleep medication. People use it to treat insomnia.
What are some problems associated with the drug?
Barr isn't the first to blame the drug for disturbing behavior. Years ago, Sen. Robert F. Kennedy's daughter Kerry Kennedy blamed Ambien for a drugged-driving incident. Ambien was also one of the drugs found in Tiger Woods' system after police found them asleep in their car in the middle of a highway.
What are the FDA's recommendations?
The Food and Drug Administration has expressed concern over how Ambien can impair activities (driving including), especially into the morning hours. For that reason, it has recommended the dose be lowered from 10 mg to 5 mg. "Patients with high levels of zolpidem can be impaired even if they feel fully awake," the FDA wrote in fact sheet about the medication.
Side effects of Ambien include:
Nausea, vomiting, muscle cramps and/or diarrhea.
Abnormal thinking and changes in behavior: "Some of these changes may be characterized by decreased inhibition, similar to effects produced by alcohol," according to its FDA-approved labeling.
Hallucinations: "Visual and auditory hallucinations have been reported as well as behavioral changes such as bizarre behavior, agitation and depersonalization." Confusion, disorientation and aggression are also listed side effects, the label states.
The label also warns against a possible worsening of depression or suicidal thinking; impaired alertness and motor coordination and impaired vision also have been reported, according to the manufacturer.
Blackouts, where the person drove, had sex or ate while they thought they were asleep, can be associated with the drug, American Addiction Centers reports. The drug has been linked to amnesia in some case reports.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whilst studying professional media at university, they worked in a pub as a bar tender.
Through hard graft and the right opportunity knocking at the door they were a businessman at the age of 23.
That is how bar and restaurant owner Matthew Bull started out. Now with 20 years of hospitality experience, three businesses and a solid five-year plan they want to branch out further afield with their business developments.
Their latest venture, Liquor and Chow in Gloucester's Westgate Street, is already a firm hit, but he's not stopping there.
Matthew, 38, from Cheltenham said: "I worked my way through university and I know that I was in the right place at the right time when the opportunity came up to make an offer on my first business Thirteen Degrees.
"That has been going well now for about 15 years and around five years ago I opened up my next business Six Degrees Of Separation which is in a prime location on Regent Street in Cheltenham by the theatre.
"I knew that I wanted to come to Gloucester as so much is changing here and there is a real buzz about the future of Gloucester. We chose this location as it has the wonderful backdrop of Gloucester Cathedral.
"There is a good development and regeneration plan in Gloucester, and businesses should do well with the student village that is being built."
More about Matthew Age: 38 Married to Natasha for 12 years. Pets: Husky called Neo Favourite Drink: Mojito Favourite pub grub: Pulled pork and mac and cheese burger Favourite Band: US band Builders and Butchers iPhone or Android: iPhone Hobbies: Snowboarding Dream holiday destination: Snowboarding in Japan
Matthew is a self-confessed workaholic. However they and their wife Natasha make sure that they take one day a week for each other.
Matthew said: "It is really important that we make time for each other and the family. It may be something so simple that we do like walking the dog or watching Netflix, but life can be so full on you need that time."
Family is important to Matthew and their parents work with them behind the scenes.
Cafe Rene manager Chris Atine on life at the bar of one of Gloucester's most eclectic pubs
Matthew said: "My dad and I work on developing the business and new ideas and my mum works at the office in our Cheltenham HQ and keeping everything together. I love working with my parents and I wouldn't have it any other way"
When Matthew is not working, they like to snow board.
They have been snowboarding for years, and managed to teach their wife and now they regularly go away on snow boarding trips together.
Matthew said: "We love it now. I really want to go to Norway and maybe Sweden to snowboard next, but the ultimate destination that I want to go to snowboard is Japan."
Matthew has big plans for the future and they want to extend the Liquor&Chow brand out to Hereford, Worcester and Ludlow.
Matthew said: "I have a five year plan and I hope that more Liquor&Chows will open up. It is really satisfying to see that all the hard work that you do pays off. I choose the decor and interior design of the buildings and do all the marketing as well.
"It is great to see people coming in to the venues and enjoying the product that I've created."
Teleradiology is the practice of interpretation and analysis of medical images by a radiologist who is not present at the site where the images are generated. This service is utilised by hospitals, emergency care centres, telemedicine companies, and other clinics. Teleradiology services enable radiologists to use online services in order to improve patient care and treatment without the need to be physically present on site. The global teleradiology services market is estimated to reach a market valuation of US$ 1,971.4 Mn by the end of 2016 and register a CAGR of 21.0% over the forecast period (2016–2026).
The global teleradiology services market is segmented on the basis of process type, service type, modality, end user and region.
The Certified Reporting Services Process segment dominated the global market in terms of revenue in 2015 and is expected to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period. The Preliminary Reporting segment is anticipated to be the second most lucrative segment in the global teleradiology services market.
The Emergency Nighthawk segment is anticipated to register the fastest CAGR over the forecast period. The Day Time Coverage segment is expected to be the second most lucrative segment in the global teleradiology services market.
The CT Scans segment dominated the global teleradiology services market in 2015 and is projected to remain dominant throughout the forecast period. The X-Ray Scans segment is expected to be the second most lucrative market segment.
The Hospital Pharmacies segment currently accounts for the highest revenue share in the global teleradiology services market due to an increasing usage of teleradiology services in hospital ICU and CCU. The Clinics segment is expected to be the second most lucrative segment in the global teleradiology services market.
U.S. dominated the global teleradiology services market in terms of revenue in 2015 and is likely to emerge as the most attractive regional market. The EU5 region is projected to be the second most lucrative regional market.
Request A Sample of Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2100
Summary of Table of Content
1. Teleradiology Services Market – Executive Summary
2. Teleradiology Services Market Introduction
3. Teleradiology Services Market Analysis Scenario
4. Teleradiology Services Market Dynamics
5. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By Process Type
6. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By Service Type
7. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By Modality
8. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By End Users
9. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By Region
10. US Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast
11. OUS Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast
12. Competition Landscape
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/teleradiology-services-market/toc
Contact Us
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
T (UK): +44(0)20-7692-8790
Sales: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Four developers vying for the chance to build a new terminal at Kansas City International Airport will present their proposals to a selection committee Monday.
The six-person KCI Terminal Development selection committee expects to choose a developer by the end of the week. But before the city finalizes a deal with the developer, voters must approve building a new terminal at the airport. The city aims to have that question on the November ballot.
During Monday's private meetings, the four companies have one hour to present the entire scope of their projects, which includes the design and financing.
Application requirements by the city made it clear no money from the city's general fund would go toward building the terminal, which is expected to cost $1 billion.
The city also stipulated the designs include one terminal with at least 35 gates and a two-level roadway separating departures from arrivals.
Entering Monday's presentations, the four developers remained tight-lipped about the specifics of their proposals; cautious not to give each other a competitive edge.
"We've been looking through the process to find the best model to fit our approach. If that's the finance to the design, to everything else we'll be looking at that in fine detail today," explained City Council member Jermaine Reed before the meeting began.
They added Kansas City deserves a world class airport.
Some groups have criticized the selection process by calling it secretive. But city leaders maintain it is following standard procurement protocol.
Whether the city was negotiating a contract for pencils or an airport, they said this is the process.
"In the situation where we can negotiate the absolute best deal for the people of Kansas City, to do that we are following our procurement as closely as possible at the same time as giving the maximum of information we can give to the city so they can make decisions," explained City Council member Jolie Justus, who along with Reed sits on the selection committee.
The firms will pitch their proposals in the following order: Jones Lang LaSalle Midwest LLC, KCI Partnership LLC & AECOM Capital, Edgemoor Infrastructure & Real Estate LLC, and Burns & McDonnell KCI Hometown Team.
Hope For Three Autism Advocates is generating awareness among law enforcement in Fort Bend County through the development of “Safe Return” and the Fort Bend County Sheriff's Office Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) programs.
Daily, police officers encounter a multitude of individuals in emergency situations. Just as each emergency differs from the next, so does each person involved, especially with individuals with autism spectrum disorder.
A child diagnosed with autism is more likely to wander and is at risk with being stopped by police because of their behavior. Hope For Three and the Sugar Land Police Department (SLPD) saw a need to assist not only families and children living with autism, but other disabilities. As a result, the Safe Return program was implemented. When seconds count in an emergency, the Safe Return registry allows first responders access to critical information designed to help safely reunite families of registered participants. Participation in Safe Return is voluntary and free. However, an application must be submitted to SLPD annually. To register, visit hopeforthree.org/programs/safe-return.
The Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) program is a local initiative designed to improve the way law enforcement, and communities respond to people experiencing mental health crises. The CIT program educates first responders on engagement strategies and intervention techniques to diffuse crisis situations for individuals with autism, and or, those affected by mental illness.
“Police are trained to respond to a crisis with a certain protocol, but this protocol may not always be the best way to interact with individuals with autism,” said Lt. Scott Soland, CIT Program Coordinator.
Hope For Three serves as the exclusive autism educator for the Fort Bend County Sheriff's Department CIT program. For more information on Safe Return, CIT, or other resources, call 281-245-0640 or visit HopeForThree.org.
× Fire Drives Tenants from Scranton Apartments
SCRANTON, Pa. — Crews responded Wednesday morning when a fire broke out at an apartment building in Scranton.
It started after 7:30 a.m. in the 100 block of Larch Street.
Utility crews in the area saw smoke coming from the building and alerted the residents.
“All in a day's work.” Earlier this morning, while replacing a gas main on Larch Street, a utility crew (left) saw smoke coming from this house (right) in Scranton.
They alerted the people inside and made sure they were out safely before the fire department came. pic.twitter.com/VCerSMhBtj — Allen Vickers (@AllenWNEP) May 30, 2018
There was one person in each of the four units in the building and they all got out safely, according to fire crews. They are being helped by the Red Cross.
Fire inspectors are trying to determine the cause.
LA COURBETTE has two things to overcome in Thursday's Lake Illawarra Benchmark 65 Handicap (2000m) at Kembla Grange. One is the big weight and the other query is in their control.
The Matthew Smith-trained mare is the best horse in the race, which is why they are carrying 62kg, but they won't give themselves a chance if they don't settle properly with Nick Heywood on board. She's been able to relax in their races of late, but only when ridden cold.
AQUIS LOCKS IN TRAPEZE ARTIST FOR EVEREST
Smith said they are racing well and if Heywood can have them in a midfield spot approaching the home turn, they can get the job done despite looking like they may want 2200m.
“She's a bit of a highly strung mare, but when they keep themselves calm she's got a decent win in her,” Smith said. “We've been riding them that way because they can overdo it if you ask them for it out of the barriers and they just wants to run along.
MATT JONES'S BEST BETS
BEST BET: ARTEMIS ROSE (Race 6, No. 1)
This is a much easier task for them after running behind good horses like Best Guess, Vellor and Lisdoonvarna of late. And they aren't far off them either so a repeat of those runs against this field will make them very hard to beat.
NEXT BEST: CEDARWOOD (Race 7, No. 1)
They ran behind Queensland Derby-bound Higher Ground last time and 1400m looks more attractive for them and the 3kg Chris Williams claim makes a big difference.
VALUE BET: PRIDE OF DARCI (Race 5, No. 9)
He's another that gets a much easier assignment here after running against horses that have gone on to be Saturday-class runners. He's won first-up, too.
QUADDIE
Race 5: 1, 8, 9, Race 6: 1, 3, Race 7: 1, 2, 3, 8, Race 8: 1, 3, 4, 7
TRAINER TO WATCH
GWENDA MARKWELL is bringing a huge team to their home track and their horses look strongest in the first three races.
JOCKEY TO WATCH
ADAM HYERONIMUS probably won't be on any favourites but their four runners present good value and if they can get one home you will have a good day.
SCROLL DOWN FOR MATT'S EXTENDED PREVIEW & TIPS
Camera Icon Adam Hyeronimus will ride some good each-way chances at Kembla Grange. Picture: News Corp Australia, Simon Bullard
******
“She doesn't have to be last and I'll be telling Nick that. The key is to keep them relaxed otherwise they want to get on the bridle and pull hard.”
The five-year-old is coming off a second placing at Kembla Grange last start when they carried 61kg behind Temprado, who went on to run less than three lengths behind Higher Ground in the Group 3 Frank Packer Plate at Randwick last Saturday.
Prior to that they had Group 3 form behind the likes of Karavali, The Pinnacle and Domed.
Smith said their last-start effort has them primed to take the next step and improve a couple of lengths against eight rivals.
“She probably looked like they peaked a little bit on their run, but with that run under their belt, they should pretty close to the mark,” they said.
“There's probably not a horse in this field like there was that beat their last start so she's right in it if the weight doesn't pull them back.
“I'd love to see them midfield, four off the lead, rather than last and eight off the lead. If she's in the right spot I'm sure she'll give it a good shake.”
My Girl Maji can get the day off on a winning note for Smith in the first race — the Duck Creek Dash Maiden Plate (1000m).
They have had six trials, which always raises eyebrows, but Smith said they have been taking their time to educate them and they come off a second placing to Copy Boy over 800m at Kembla Grange, so they will know their surroundings at their first start, which is a bonus.
Camera Icon Trainer Matthew Smith hopes to snare a few winners at Kembla Grange. Picture: News Corp Australia, Mark Evans
“She's a work in progress but has ability,” Smith said. “Her last trial was their best but at the moment their brain is going faster than their body. We're trying to get them to relax and the field doesn't look overly strong if they can do things right.”
Smith said the one to beat was Bounding Badger, who has finished in the placings eight times from 13 starts. “Gwenda's horse obviously has the race experience and doesn't do much wrong,” Smith said.
Meantime, Extreme Measure backed up Mark Newnham's opinion of their last start and she's set to continue their rise through the grades at Kembla Grange.
The three-year-old Smart Missile filly won easily when first-up in a Hawkesbury maiden last start and takes the natural jump up to a Class 1 event over 1200m.
They showed a great turn of foot last start and Newnham wasn't surprised that they improved in their second preparation after two unplaced runs in their first campaign.
“It was a really good performance after suffering a bit of interference after the start and only beginning fairly,” they said. “She still managed to gather themselves up and win, and the horse they beat then came out and won its next start. It was only a four-horse race but it still won, so the form is franked.
Camera Icon Mark Newnham will saddle-up Extreme Measure at Kembla Grange. Picture: Getty Images, getty Images
“I was expecting that. It wasn't a surprise because their work had been very good. They trialled well, but without blinkers on. We put them on for the race and she'll have them again for this race.”
From barrier one, with Josh Parr on board, they will get an easier run on Thursday and shouldn't have to come from the rear of the field like they did first-up, and Newnham said they have really come on from that performance.
“She was very strong at the end the other day so she'll be suited to 1200m at a nice big track like Kembla Grange,” they said. “She picked them up pretty well last time and if they can finish off the same, which I expect they will, she'll be right in the finish.”
If Extreme Measure can run in the top three, Newnham will send them to a metropolitan midweek race for their next start. “It's a solid enough field, but on their win the other day and on their work since, I'd expect them to measure up,” they said.
INSIDE MAIL WITH MATT JONES
RACE 1 (12.35pm)
Shall we give 3. Bounding Badger one more chance? They should have won already but hasn't from 13 starts. She's getting closer, and in a small field, she'll lead and look the winner for most of the race. 4. My Girl Maji has had six trials ahead of their debut, which is a worry, but their last one was just about their best, and it was at Kembla Grange. 1. Battle Anthem did better than most thought on debut and will be an improver as will 2. Follow The Money.
BETTING STRATEGY: BOUNDING BADGER to win.
RACE 2 (1.10pm)
1. Clifton County hit the line very well last start and off that run punters will be keen to back them now that he's gone up an extra 200m. 2. Stealthy will be a big improver after a real solid first-up performance and they too will be better over 1400m. 3. Soir De Lune went down by a big margin last start when sent out odds-on in a weaker race, so plenty of improvement is required. 4. Membership almost stole it last start and peaks for this. The field isn't any stronger so she's a top pick.
BETTING STRATEGY: MEMBERSHIP to win.
RACE 3 (1.50pm)
2. Dream Genie is knocking on the door and is showing plenty of improvement with each run and if that continues they will go very close. 3. Miss Jenny put in a career-best run last start and it wouldn't surprise if they were the race leader. 1. Just A Joke is the interesting runner here and he's bred to stay so 1600m first-up isn't a concern. They will be hitting the line hardest. 5. Expiredtime is down in grade but needs to lift.
BETTING STRATEGY: DREAM GENIE to win.
RACE 4 (2.25pm)
1. Spin Bowles has just been running into one better and this field isn't the hardest they have run against. They will be winning sooner rather than later but they might have to wait for another day because 2. C'est Davinchi took Spin Bowles on last start and comfortably beat them home so have faith that they can do it again. 6. Stage Pass is back after a year off and their last run was a narrow defeat to I Am Excited, who has gone on to be a star, so she's got the X-factor. 9. Tactical Formation will come back a much better horse after being thrown in the deep end in high ground at their first preparation.
BETTING STRATEGY: TACTICAL FORMATION to win.
RACE 5 (3.05pm)
We will back Josh Parr to get Siam into a good spot on the speed from the wide gate and if they get them into a good spot, he'll have every chance with a good fresh record. The two trials have them fit enough to produce. Stablemate 8. Phabeni won well on debut but has been off the scene since August. They have had two nice trials leading into this and will be one off the fence with cover getting a nice run. 9. Pride Of Darci drops well back in grade for this and will be in the finish.
BETTING STRATEGY: PRIDE OF DARCI to win.
RACE 6 (3.40pm)
1. Artemis Rose will have a much better run in transit here and expect them to finish off better than last time when behind a couple of very nice mares. This is much easier for them and the blinkers go on. 3. Medovina should be up on the speed. They have got plenty of natural talent and they are easily up to this grade. 4. Ballet Rose is another that can be forgiven for their last run when three-wide the whole way. Best of the rest is 2. Can Dream
BETTING STRATEGY: ARTIMIS ROSE to win.
RACE 7 (4.15pm)
2. Scream Park is also nominated for the Group 3 Hawkesbury Guineas, so if they run here expect a big showing despite giving older horses weight. Stablemate 1. Cedarwood was just beaten by a horse that went on to win a Group 3 race at its next start so their form is super and they raced like dropping back to 1400m would suit them better. 8. Popular is a better horse than their record (4:1-0-1) suggests and this is a suitable race for them to start their preparation. 3. Cuba will be an improver at the 1400m.
BETTING STRATEGY: CEDARWOOD to win.
RACE 8 (4.50pm)
3. Celebris is shaping up well for this after a last-start effort which would have really tightened them up for a 2000m trip. 1. La Courbette is the best horse in the race but has to carry weight and the key to their winning will be how close they are to the leaders on the turn. Too far back, and they won't pick them up with 62kg on their back. 4. Royal Advance is the likely leader and will put up a good effort, while 7. Saint Katrina will love going up to 2000m.
BETTING STRATEGY: CELEBRIS to win.
Benje Choucroun turned up at the White House briefing on Wednesday, catching everyone's attention when they asked Press Secretary Sarah Sanders about school shootings.
"At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill," Choucron, 13, said, reading from a piece of paper. "One thing that affects mine and others' mental health is the worry that we or our friends could get shot at school."
Choucron, a student at Marin Country Day School in California, continued: "Specifically, can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?"
Sanders appeared to tear up during their response.
There's a kid at today's White House press briefing. They just asked Sarah Sanders about school shootings and safety https://t.co/PrmyAzaik0 — Meg Wagner (@megwagner) May 30, 2018
"I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing more terrifying than for a kid to go to school and not feel safe, so I'm sorry that you feel that way," they said. "This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week, again, an official meeting, to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids within our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off."
Choucroun is in town covering the White House Sports and Fitness Day for Time for Kids magazine.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
By Lila Seidman
Staff Writer
The Pacific Coast Highway is inextricably tied to the California dream: It's scenic, iconic, film famous.
It's also deadly.
There were 617 traffic collisions last year along PCH from the McClure Tunnel in Santa Monica to the Ventura County line, law enforcement agencies reported.
Armed with a $150,000 grant from a federal-funded state agency, a coalition known as the PCH Taskforce is working to reduce those numbers, via a multi-pronged initiative involving education, enforcement, engineering and outreach.
“Everybody says, ‘Oh my gosh, what a terrible accident,' but it's predictable and it's preventable . . . if everyone just gets on the same page about being aware of how vulnerable we are, whether we're in a car or on a bicycle or walking,” said Pat Hines, a former Palisadian and veteran traffic safety advocate hired by the Taskforce as a consultant for the initiative.
STANFORD, Calif. (AP) - Stanford knew full well Florida Gulf Coast would let it fly from long range at every chance - yes, perhaps even 47 times - and make its share.
The Cardinal focused on doing everything they could to defend the deep threats and stay concerned with their own game. They gave up 17 and still won big to seal another trip to the Sweet Sixteen.
Alanna Smith scored 28 points with four 3-pointers, Brittany McPhee added 17 points and nine rebounds and No. 4 seed Stanford is headed back to the Lexington Regional for a third straight March after beating scrappy 12th-seeded Florida Gulf Coast 90-70 on Monday night.
Freshman Kiana Williams shined on the big stage for the second time in three days with 12 points and six assists for the Cardinal (24-10), on to the Sweet 16 for the 11th straight season.
Florida Gulf Coast (31-5) set the single-season 3-point record with 431, breaking Sacramento State's mark of 424 from 2014-15, but didn't have the depth or talent to keep up against a taller Stanford team that made it hard for the Eagles to do their signature move: drive and dish.
"It was definitely different, and our coaches told us before the game that they shoot the most 3s, make the most 3s, so we knew that we needed to be out on them," McPhee said. "But I think the biggest thing is we knew that they were going to make 3s, and that was OK, as long as they were taking hard 3s and not wide-open ones by their best shooters."
Stanford will take on No. 1 Louisville - the first matchup between the power programs - on Friday in the regional semifinals. Playing previously in Lexington, the Cardinal lost to Washington in the 2016 Elite Eight then advanced to the Final Four from that regional last season.
"We love Lexington so we're really excited to be going there," coach Tara VanDerveer said.
China Dow found their shooting touch following intermission and hit the tying and breaking 3s in the third quarter as FGCU set the 3-point mark after the Eagles made nine in the first half.
Dow finished with 23 points all in the second half and six 3-pointers as the Eagles ran up their remarkable 3-point total for the season.
Yet do-everything Dow didn't have the kind of steady game they produced in a first-round win against fifth-seeded Missouri. They missed their first five field-goal tries, and four 3s, before they connected from deep with 7:39 left in the third for their first points of the night. They hit again from 3 at the 6:16 mark of the third for the single-season record.
The Eagles, without a single 6-footer on the roster, won 11 of their final 12 games and 21 of 23.
"I wish I would have grown overnight, but it didn't work out that way," Dow said playfully while fighting the emotions of their fabulous career ending. "Their height was very effective."
Stanford shot 12 for 17 in the first quarter to take a 33-17 lead but went 3 of 11 for only 10 points in the second as their halftime lead was cut to 43-35.
BIG PICTURE
Florida Gulf Coast: FGCU scored its first 12 points all on 3s. ... The Eagles, with their RainingThrees hashtag, finished another special season. They were in the NCAA Tournament for the fifth time in seven years with Division I postseason eligibility and won an NCAA game for the first time since beating Oklahoma State in 2015.
Stanford: The Cardinal are 36-4 in NCAA games at home in Maples Pavilion. ... VanDerveer and their team defeated FGCU as the Hall of Fame coach won their milestone 900th career game at Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, in November 2013.
A SPECIAL RING
This NCAA tournament is especially memorable for Val Whiting, who played on the only two Stanford national champion teams in 1990 and '92.
In late January, Whiting received their '90 championship rings back from a complete stranger who is now a friend- Julie Mayer Pedilini in Pennsylvania - after it had been lost for 20 years.
"I think it's great that that means something to her," VanDerveer said. "Val is probably one of the best underrated players that was a great player at Stanford. A lot of other people get a lot of attention but they were the real deal and I'm really excited that they got their ring back."
Pedelini was searching through their late father-in-law's things in Delaware when they found the ring, which had a basketball and Whiting's initials. A quick Google search of the roster helped then they discovered Whiting's LinkedIn page, with a photo of the identical 1992 ring. So, Pedelini reached out and Whiting soon responded.
Whiting and their ex-husband had once been in a near-fatal car accident and they believe the ring might have been in that car and later found.
Only recently did Whiting get back their '92 rings they had loaned to Villanova's Adrianna Hahn "as inspiration."
"She was entering their first-year student year and I said, 'take it as something to aspire to,'" Whiting recalled in an email to The AP.
"I'm very grateful to have all my rings now and yes," Whiting said, "March Madness hammers that feeling home."
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.orghttps://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Scientists are pointing to climate change as the reason a river that used to feed into the Yukon has nearly disappeared.
A report published in Nature Geoscience on Monday says it's the first documented case of river piracy in modern times — linked to the planet heating up. River piracy is when one river steals the flow of another.
Scientists knew the Kaskawulsh Glacier in northern Canada was shrinking. But they didn't expect it to cause a nearby lake to almost vanish. At least, not so quickly.
“Nobody's documented this as basically occurring under our noses,” Shugar said.
Dan Shugar researches how landforms evolve at the University of Washington in Tacoma.
And last fall, they set out with their colleagues to study the Slims River. It's fed by a series of ponds at the front of the Kaskawulsh Glacier.
When they arrived, Shugar says they expected the river's current to be low.
“But as it turned out is essentially no flow,” Shugar said. “So we couldn't actually put our instruments in the water it was so shallow.”
Shugar didn't spend the remainder of their time in Canada kicking back. Their new mission became figuring out what happened to the Slims River.
The body of water used to flow into the Kluane Lake, and eventually into the Yukon River, which empties into the Bering Sea. But because of glacier melt, that water redirected.
“The Kaskawulsh River essentially stole all of that water that would have otherwise flowed into the Slims River,” Shugar said. “So it pirated that flow. It captured that flow.”
Now that water goes from the Kaskawulsh River to the Alsek River and all the way to the Gulf of Alaska.
Shugar says, due to the circumstances, this particular situation is unique. Still, the rapid pace at which it occurred serves as an important reminder.
“Climate change is happening and it's happening here,” Shugar said. “So we need to be keeping in mind that we may get thrown a few curve balls moving forward.”
So while the Kaskawulsh River was the pirate, Shugar says human-caused climate change is ultimately to blame.
The deadly shooting occurred on February 14, when one of the journalists was broadcasting a news program via Facebook Live. Gunshots and screams can be heard at the end of the video.
© Sputnik/ Alexander Vilf Russian Remembrance Day of Journalists Killed in Line of Duty
According to the Peru 21 newspaper, an unknown man entered the radio studio and opened fire without saying a word. Two journalists were shot dead: presenter Luis Manuel Medina and producer Leo Martinez. The radio station's secretary Dayaba Garcia was also injured and has undergone emergency surgery, according to local authorities.
Police have already arrested three people suspected of involvement in the shooting.
In August 2015, reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward were killed during a live TV report in Virginia, US.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — “There will be no mercy for the thieves,” Kenya's president announced Wednesday amid a growing corruption scandal as diplomats representing 18 Western countries including the United States urged strong action against graft.
President Uhuru Kenyatta spoke a day after 24 officials were charged with corruption-related offenses in a probe linked to the alleged diversion of nearly $80 million.
The government will spare no effort to recover all of the money, Kenyatta said. As for those to blame, “their days are numbered. They will be prosecuted and jailed.”
Kenya's leader is under increasing pressure as outrage grows over a number of corruption scandals revealed in recent weeks around the ministries of health, energy, agriculture, public service and youth. Kenyatta has long been criticized for not acting against corrupt officials despite numerous vows to crack down.
In a statement, the 18 Western diplomats urged strong political leadership and zero tolerance for graft.
“When there is evidence of corruption, those responsible should be prosecuted regardless of political party, social stature or personal connections,” the diplomats said.
Among Kenyans, the president's announcement was received with some skepticism.
“We know @UKenyatta you are going to sacrifice small thieves and the big thieves will not be touched,” rights activist Boniface Mwangi said on Twitter.
The president, who won a second term last year, declared corruption a national security threat in 2015. At the time they pledged to implement the vetting of customs and revenue officers, suspected by some in the government of denying the country revenue by taking bribes to overlook tax obligations. That vetting has never occurred.
Kenya is considered among the world's most corrupt countries, ranked 143th out of 180 nations by Transparency International in its annual corruption index.
John Githongo, a former anti-corruption adviser to ex-President Mwai Kibaki, told The Associated Press they believe Kenyatta's administration is the most corrupt of the four presidents Kenya has had since independence.
Githongo said the public is cynical because of a lack of corruption prosecutions, including against some people who still are holding office.
“The people being taken to court are involved but given our history in Kenya, these are patsies,” they said, adding that “if the president is willing to shore up their legacy then they must be willing to pay the political price of going after” the people around him.
Since Kenya's corruption watchdog was created in 1997, all five of its heads have resigned or been forced out of office in what analysts say is a result of the country's deeply entrenched graft.
___
Follow Africa news at https://twitter.com/AP_Africa
Comments
comments
What countries will benefit from Russia's humiliation? And who stands behind this game that is totally unrelated to sports? Sputnik discussed how the Olympic beef will affect the coming games with Lorenzo Vendemiale, a sports reviewer from Fatto Quotidiano, an Italian newspaper.
Radio Sputnik: What do you think is happening around the Russian team?
Lorenzo Vendemiale: After the McLaren report and doping scandal that lasted several years, it is impossible to pretend that nothing happened. On the other hand, its is difficult to understand precisely if this story is based on truly illegal and unacceptable actions by the Russian team or this is mostly hype being fueled to harm Russia at a certain political and sport moment.
RS: How has the Italian press reacted to the scandal?
Lorenzo Vendemiale: The Italian media is divided between those who support the exclusion of Russian athletes (this is the primary position of the media) and those who believe that the entire team is not guilty enough for all of them to be excluded from the Games.
RS: Could it be that Russia was intentionally obstructed from participating in the Olympics in order to leave it without medals in fields where Russia is the most feared?
© AP Photo/ Ivan Sekretarev Russian Olympic Committee Asks IOC to Invite 15 Russian Athletes to Olympics
Lorenzo Vendemiale: Of course, the excluded athletes' names are widely familiar because they represent those sports where Russia is traditionally very strong: skiing, the biathlon and especially hockey, in which, as we all know, Russia is almost unrivaled. Without 111 athletes, Russia will have a lot less chances to win its medals. However, in general, the very idea that "clean" Russian athletes can participate in the games shows that the athletes and the sports themselves still mean something.
But, actually, it's extremely difficult to discern who is "clean" and who is not.
RS: Which countries may benefit from Russia's exclusion?
Lorenzo Vendemiale: Who benefits from this is clear: Canada, the US, Germany, Norway and the Netherlands — those who count on medals at all Winter Olympics. Undoubtedly, from a pragmatic point of view, the exclusion of Russia as a potential winner is convenient for everyone.
It is no secret that the exclusion of [Sergey] Ustyugov — the main competitor of Italian Federico Pellegrino, on whom Italy puts its greatest hopes — is great news for the Italian team. Without Ustyugov, Pellegrino is most likely to become the favourite in classic sprint. There are also our biathletes, who are not in the best shape, but, without Shipulin, they will of course have more chances to climb on the pedestal. Turns out, Russia's exclusion is really convenient for everyone!
The opinions expressed are those of speaker alone and do not necessarily reflect the postion of Sputnik News.
TOKYO, April 6 Japan's Nikkei share average tumbled to a four-month closing low on Thursday after signs the U.S. Federal Reserve may start cutting its king-sized balance sheet earlier than expected spooked the market.
The Nikkei dropped 1.4 percent to 18,597.06, the lowest close since early December.
Investors were also wary ahead of a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, the first between the world's two most powerful leaders.
The broader Topix dropped 1.6 percent to 1,480.18. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
Spend your holidays with The Current
The Current's Jesse Wiza, Jay Gabler, Andrea Swensson, and Jeyca Maldonado-Medina are ready for the holidays. (Seiji Cataldo/MPR)
Sponsor
Sponsor
Come December, particularly as Christmas approaches, many enjoy tuning into timeless holiday classics. The Current is here to keep your season festive with a mix of treasured chestnuts and fresh jams. We're also looking back on the year in music. Don't forget to vote for the Top 89 songs of the year, and the Top 89 local songs! (Note that all times below are CST.)
Dec. 11-26: Rock the Cradle goes all-holiday, with family-friendly seasonal tunes.
Thursday, Dec. 14: Transmission (10-11 p.m.) celebrates its annual holiday show, with DJ Jake Rudh spinning new wave Christmas classics.
Sunday, Dec. 17: The Local Show (6-8 p.m.) revisits 2017 in music, as local artists share their reflections with host Andrea Swensson.
Friday, Dec. 22: Tonal Recall (12-1 p.m.) presents a very '90s holiday mix, hosted by Jade.
Friday, Dec. 22: From noon to 6 p.m. on Local Current, Andrea Swensson and Jay Gabler present Minnesota-made holiday gems to send you off on Christmas weekend.
Sunday and Monday, Dec. 24-25: 48 solid hours of holiday music on The Current, with the New Standards Holiday Show — recorded live at the State Theatre — airing at 8 p.m. on Christmas Eve and again at 8 a.m. on Christmas Day.
Sunday and Monday, Dec. 24-25: 48 hours of festive tunes from Minnesota musicians on Local Current.
Wednesday, Dec. 27: Mark Wheat's Chart Show (8-9 p.m.) features the top 20 songs that made it to number one this year, ranked by how many weeks they spent there.
Friday, Dec. 29: Andrea Swensson and Jay Gabler count down the Top 89 local songs of 2017, as voted by you, starting at noon on Local Current.
Sunday, Dec. 31: From 5 p.m. to midnight on The Current, Mark Wheat spins the Top 89 songs of the year — as voted by, that's right, you.
Monday, Jan. 1: The Top 89 countdown repeats on The Current from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
To help local music fans get in the holiday spirit, we've curated a Spotify playlist of seasonal jams by Minnesota artists. Let it snow!
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," they said. They noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," they said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris. Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
By Ken Thomas, Sylvie Corbet And Angela Charlton, The Associated Press
The Nodaway County commissioners approved the projected 2018 income and expenditures during their budget hearing on January 26.
The $10 million budget is approximately the same as the 2017 budget.
The county plans to build five bridges in the upcoming year and will design a sixth. However, due to the lack of BRO allocations, there are not any BRO bridges scheduled.
There are no major construction or maintenance projects planned for the upcoming year. Minor repairs will be made to the Nodaway County Courthouse to keep the structure in its current state.
Each county employee was given a three percent COLA raise this year.
The general revenue operating fund for the upcoming year is estimated to be $4.974 million, up nearly $780,000 from last year. Some of the reasons the fund received additional monies include allotments for an airport road study, $40,000; hazardous mitigation, $4,170; $16,000 trial fees, $16,350 guardian ad litem expenses, moving $20,000 for computer maintenance from the building fund to general fund, moving $8,350 for hazardous waste from the road and bridge fund to the general fund, $87,500 for vehicle purchases and other items.
The road and bridge department budget is $2.552 million, down $1.1 million from last year due to no federal bridges scheduled for construction this year.
Other budgets by department include the following: assessor's office, $461,817; Administration Center, $457,419; and 911 emergency dispatching, $226,750. The 911 fund has a considerable increase in its expenses from last year. The additional funds include the purchase of new equipment such as a telephone recorder as well as allotting funds toward the 911 joint study with other Maryville law enforcement.
Expenses
The county's funds support several general public welfare agencies and the amount approved include: New Nodaway Humane Society, $1,500; American Red Cross, $1,000; Northwest Missouri Children's Advocacy, $2,500; Children and Family Center of Northwest Missouri $2,500; Big Brothers Big Sisters, $2,000; and The Ministry Center, $2,500.
The county also donates $2,000 to Children's Mercy Hospital in support of Nodaway County children who utilize the facility for medical needs.
The budget has allotted $200,000 for continuous sandstone and other additional courthouse repairs.
Revenue
In 2017, the county budgeted $187,760 for 911 telephone tax income. This year, $184,226 was budgeted to be received.
Last year's 12¢ per $100 valuation property tax generated $440,290 for the maintenance of the Administration Center. This year's tax rate is the same, with an estimated revenue amount of $401,282.
The county estimates receiving $15,250 for liquor licenses this year.
The 2017 sales tax revenue generated $2,454,934. This year's sales tax collection is estimated to see a down-turn by generating only $2,354,910.
The 5¢ gravel sales tax is estimated to generate $1.225 million dollars depending on the local economy this year.
Shelving Shop Group's skilled and experienced technical team offers solutions for custom-built fit-outs that any business requires.
[CAMBERLEY, 30/05/2018] — Shelving Shop Group recognizes the need for businesses to make spaces come alive and widen the capacity of retails and commercial establishments. As the leading designer, manufacturer and installer of fit-outs, the company can achieve this for any client that asks for their help.
Complete and Efficient System
“Our specialist shop fitting team will provide you with a complete fit-out and project management service,” Shelving Shop Group tells its customers.
The company provides businesses the services they need, from innovative design and planning up until the actual building and installation. Shelving Shop Group's in-house joinery and engineering workshop manufactures a customer's shop fit-out cost-effectively.
The company understands that every project varies from one another. It also knows that the requirements each client has differences. Shelving Shop Group, however, can custom-build or offer components according to any customer's specifications. It can adjust to any specific need.
A Skilled and Experienced Technical Team
With its experienced and talented technical team, Shelving Shop Group can design and build a retail or commercial fit-out that not only looks good but serves as a functional space. The company further ensures every fit-out meets the safety standards.
Shelving Shop Group also makes sure that each outcome is built according to the customer's specifications.
Some of the shop fit-outs it has done involved glass displays, display shelving, counters, slat walls and manufacturing.
About Shelving Shop Group
Shelving Shop Group is a leading provider of shelving, commercial racking, and storage systems. Its products are designed to maximise a commercial space, helping clients secure efficiency. The company has become the premier supplier of small boutique retailers and large retail chains. It strictly adheres to the international safety standards. The company tests its products to make sure that businesses can depend on them even in the most demanding environments.
Find out more by visiting https://www.shelvingshopgroup.co.nz/ today.
The annual Direct Line With Vladimir Putin event is scheduled to be held on June 15, when the President will discuss a host of important issues and poignant questions brought forward by the people of Russia.
Earlier Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov revealed that the public has already submitted some 1.6 million questions, covering a broad range of topics from various aspects of life.
However, it appears that what a vast number of people really want to know is whether Putin will run for president during the upcoming election.
"Obviously, the question ‘Vladimir Vladimirovich, when are you going to announce that you're running for the next presidential term?' won't be overlooked – I think it has become somewhat obligatory by now. But the President will most likely just laugh it off, like they usually do," Russian political analyst Alexei Mukhin told RIA Novosti.
They added that social problems, the current state of the Russian economy and the country's domestic policy are also likely to be among the key issues to be discussed during this Q&A event.
Mikhail Remizov, head of the National Strategy Institute, concurred with Mukhin. They explained that currently any major address by President Putin is first and foremost regarded within the context of their election campaign.
They added that while the social issues will likely dominate the event's agenda, the public may also express a keen interest in the situation abroad as well.
"The existing TV formats have fostered a significant public interest in global affairs… And the ongoing changes on the international stage may be important enough for the President to discuss with the society," Remizov said.
Both analysts also said that the President will also likely have to answer questions about the ongoing struggle against corruption and the recent protest activity in the country.
A Roebourne police officer has been recognised for their commitment to running a popular football youth engagement program within the community.
Sergeant Steve Taylor received a joint award from the WA Football Commission and PCYC at a small ceremony in Roebourne this month, which was also attended by WAFC chief executive Gavin Taylor, for their role in starting up the Night Fields football program in Roebourne and umpiring weekly games.
Sgt Taylor, who has served at the Roebourne station for more than two years, said they were proud to be part of Night Fields, which had been popular ever since it started in town, drawing 20 to 40 children to games each week.
“I just think it breaks down the gap between police and the kids and it builds a bit more rapport and understanding,” they said.
“It lets them know we're available to talk to them about anything.”
WAFC program Night Fields has been held in Roebourne since last May, several months after it was rolled out in Karratha, in partnership with the PCYC.
It gives children aged six-17 the chance to play free, structured matches in town every Friday night, and in Roebourne it has also involved several games between local children and police.
Roebourne PCYC centre manger Samantha Cornthwaite said the centre and the WAFC had created the award to thank Sgt Taylor for having a positive impact on Roebourne youth.
“If we didn't have Steve, it wouldn't have gone ahead,” they said.
“He umpires it, brings the kids together and he's been the driving force behind it.”
“He's there every Friday night whether he's rostered on or not.”
A moving merging of an Aboriginal corroboree and the haka had a crowd of thousands mesmerised at Kings Park after this morning's Anzac dawn service.
The performance, involving about dozens of performers on the grass near Fraser Avenue, was a poignant symbol of the bond between Australia and New Zealand.
The combination of the two traditional ceremonies for the first time came after footage of the original inaugural Anzac Day Haka for Life last year went viral, racking up millions of views and making headlines across the globe.
While also honouring our fallen Anzacs, Haka for Life founder Leon Ruri said the ceremony also aimed to help raise awareness of suicide prevention.
× Tiger Woods had pain, anxiety, sleep drugs in system during arrest
Golfer Tiger Woods had pain, anxiety and sleep medications, as well as THC, in their system when they were arrested on Memorial Day on suspicion of driving under the influence, according to a toxicology report released Monday by the Palm Beach County (Florida) Sheriff's Office.
A urine test revealed hydrocodone and hydromorphone, two opioid pain medications; alprazolam, prescribed for anxiety and panic disorders; zolpidem, a sedative prescribed for insomnia; and metabolites of alprazolam and of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana. Metabolites are what remains in the body after a person uses a drug.
“Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realize now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance,” Woods said in a statement Monday. “I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me.”
The US National Library of Medicine warns against mixing alprazolam with either hydrocodone or hydromorphone, suggesting that the combination might lead to dizziness, lightheadedness, extreme sleepiness, slowed or difficult breathing, or unresponsiveness. In particular, hydrocodone plus alprazolam may increase the risk of “breathing problems, sedation, coma, or other serious, life-threatening side effects.”
Police records indicate that Woods, 41, was found asleep on the side of a road in their 2015 Mercedes-Benz. The engine was running and the brake lights on, with the right turn signal flashing. The front and rear tires on the driver's side had gone flat, with both tire rims showing minor damage.
Police found no crash or property damage.
When they were awakened, Woods' speech was slurred. Dahscam video released by the police show them walking unsteadily when asked to get out of their car; shortly thereafter, they are unsure of what is happening to him. A Breathalyzer registered 0.000 for alcohol.
The police report noted that Woods was cooperative.
Woods said at the time of their arrest that alcohol was not involved and that they had “an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications.”
In June, the golfer stated on Twitter that they were receiving “professional help” to manage their medications for back pain and a sleep disorder. In July, they said they had completed an out-of-state private intensive program.
Last week, Woods entered a DUI first-offender program, according to a representative for the state attorney in Palm Beach County.
The program typically calls for a defendant to plead guilty to a lesser charge of reckless driving, but no plea was entered on behalf of Woods. Their arraignment is set for October 25.
Woods has won 14 major tournaments, second only to Jack Nicklaus. The golfer hasn't played competitively since they withdrew from the Dubai Desert Classic in February due to back spasms.
They underwent fusion surgery on their back this year, their fourth operation since 2014. Woods wrote that “it was instant nerve relief” in a post on their website May 24.
Woods said Monday, “Regarding my back, I recently spoke to my surgeon and he's very pleased with how my fusion is healing. I'm right on schedule. I'm now doing some light lifting, riding a stationary bike and putting a little.”
Despite their injuries and pain, they have expressed a desire to continue to play golf professionally.
They look forward to a year which they call a "clean slate."
"I can't wait to see if all these initiatives that I have put forth, (that) they are given the OK for us to proceed. And then I can tell you Canada will just take a quantum leap if that happens."
Seven months into the job, Zambrano is eager to put their stamp on things.  They are not one for standing still.
"I think we could go faster. I feel like I could do more and should do more. I hope to have the resources to do that."
 They are grateful to the CSA for adding another warmup game before the Gold Cup. A game against Curacao was all that was originally planned.
Zambrano wanted more and a closed-door session against Nicaragua — four 30-minute periods over two days in Sunrise, Fla., was arranged.
"It was a wise decision by the CSA because it was in that game where a lot of the thoughts about how to approach the Gold Cup came together."
Zambrano says they believe they have a "pretty good handle" now on the talent in the system.
"But I know there are out there many more that I haven't seen yet. And I'm keen to look there."
They believe Canadian soccer has to look outside the box for talent.
"I believe this is part of my charter as well — to make sure I have the mechanisms put in place to find those players. It's not just about what happens in the established routes to participate and compete.
"That is great but there is another world out there of many many many players that I know are playing the game but that are perhaps not being looked at."
Zambrano has already brought in players from Ontario's League 1 to scrimmage with the national team. And for this camp, they included 21-year-old Caniggia Elva, a St. Lucia-born Calgary-raised forward who went to Europe at 18.
Elva, Zambrano notes, did not come to Canada Soccer's attention through "regular channels."
Elva was brought into an under-23 camp in March in Qatar, Zambrano's first hands-on assignment as Canada coach, after getting calls from Ramon Mifflin, the technical director of Calgary South West United for whom Elva played growing up.
"We need to establish a solid scouting grid," said Zambrano. "That is something I have presented to the CSA directors, in how to go about doing this in a systemic manner.
"I'm hoping that they sign off on it. If they do, we will reach a completely different level of awareness about what we really have in Canada. Because we do have a lot and I think we're tapping only a very little."
In a perfect world, Zambrano says they would have liked to have taken their team to Cuscatlan Stadium in San Salvador to see them perform in hostile conditions.
Zambrano is already at work, changing the team ethos.
They say some of their players have told them that, in the past, national team selection was seen as automatic by some. That is no longer the case, they say. The national team shirt has to be earned.
"You don't do it, you're not going to be called back."
A portion of the proceeds from Sunday's game will go to hurricane Harvey relief efforts.
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
FILE PHOTO: A logo for mining company BHP Billiton adorns a sign outside the Perth Convention Centre where their annual general meeting was being held in Perth, Western Australia, November 19, 2015. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
SYDNEY Hedge fund manager Elliott Advisors said on Monday it had sent a letter to BHP Billiton (BHP.AX) (BLT.L) directors outlining a plan to unlock value by scrapping the mining giant's dual-corporate structure, demerging its oil business and rejigging its capital return policy.
"The goal is to provide details of the BHP shareholder value unlock plan to all of BHP's shareholders so that BHP can engage openly with all parties on the plan," Elliott said in a statement.
BHP did not immediately provide comment on the matter when contacted by Reuters.
Elliott said it holds a "long economic interest" of about 4.1 percent of the issued shares in London-listed BHP Billiton PLC.
That stake is worth $3.81 billion (£3.1 billion), Reuters calculations showed based on Friday's closing price.
Elliott also said it holds rights with its affiliates to acquire up to 0.4 percent of the issued shares in Sydney-listed BHP Billiton Ltd, worth about $372 million.
Its letter, dated April 10 and released by Elliott online, did not mention any BHP directors by name.
Started in 1977, Elliott manages assets worth more than $32.7 billion, according to the company.
Its investors include pension plans, sovereign wealth funds and hospitals, among others, it said.
Elliott, an activist investor, also has a 3.25 percent stake in Akzo Nobel NV (AKZO.AS). It is encouraging the Dutch paints and chemicals group to enter talks with spurned U.S. suitor PPG Industries Inc (PPG.N).
Elliott said its plan could increase shareholder value by up to 48.6 percent for holders of BHP's Sydney shares and 51 percent for London shareholders.
It also proposed spinning off BHP's U.S. oil and petroleum arm into a separate listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
It estimated the value of BHP's U.S. petroleum business at around $22 billion.
BHP's Australian shares closed 4.64 percent higher at A$25.73, with most of the gains coming near the end of trade.
BHP Billiton was created in 2001 through the merger of the Australian Broken Hill Proprietary Co and the Anglo–Dutch Billiton PLC.
The Australia-registered arm is one of the largest companies in Australia measured by market value. The Britain-registered arm has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is part of the benchmark FTSE 100 Index.
(Corrects headline and first paragraph to show proposal is to scrap dual-corporate structure, not dual-listing.)
(Reporting by James Regan and Jamie Freed; Editing by Stephen Coates and Christopher Cushing)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Federal health officials are cracking down on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday it has issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a nationwide operation against illegal sales of Juul (JOO'-uhl) to children.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that vaporizes liquid nicotine into an inhalable vapor.
Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discrete way to vape at school and in public.
As part of the FDA initiative, regulators are asking Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design and marketing of its devices.
The San Francisco-based company says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ASHLAND, Pa. -- Ashland's borough manager said there have been two attacks reported recently, one of them involved a rabid skunk.
The borough manager, Ray Jones, wants to remind people in Ashland to make sure their pets are vaccinated.
"The first incident was with a skunk that bit a dog," Jones said. "They were able to get the skunk and had it tested. It tested positive for rabies."
They said no one was hurt in the second attack, which involved a pet and its owner. The animal got away and the borough doesn't know if it had rabies.
"It's quite serious because we don't know if there's an outbreak," Jones said. "That's our concern right now."
Ashland's manager said that these incidents could be occurring because of the borough's location.
"We're surrounded on all full sides with wood lines," Jones said. "You know, pay attention to when your pets are out in the yard and when you're out in the yard at nighttime especially."
Still, the people of Ashland are concerned, including Frank Rice. They live near one of the borough's parks.
"People walk by here with their pets all the time. They're on leashes," Rice said. "So, I mean, these animals can attack at any time. You could be walking peacefully with your dog and bang, out of the park they come."
Jones said the dog that was bitten by the rabid skunk is under observation. It is expected to be OK. They said to call police if you see a rabid animal.
The Joplin Police Department has released the 2016 Annual Crime IMPACT numbers. Those statistics are presented here.
The key numbers show a 3% rise in total violent crime along with a 6% rise in total property crimes leading to an overall rise of 5% in total IMPACT Crime.
Although there was an increase compared to 2015, 2016 showed a decrease when compared to 2014.
In the violent crime category, sixteen more rapes were reported in 2016 from 2015. The majority of those crimes were reported to have occurred in a residence by a known acquaintance.
Assaults remained unchanged at 355 for both 2015 and 2016.
Overall Larceny (which contains most cases of shoplifting) declined by 5%.
The largest increased in property crime was the rise in vandalism (19%) and theft from vehicles (34%).
In 2015 there were 656 thefts from vehicle. In 2016 that number rose to 879. Of those, 413 cases were from vehicles reported as not locked and 146 were reported as unknown. Force was known to be used to enter the vehicle 199 times.
Purses and wallets being the top item reported stolen from vehicles, there were also 46 guns stolen, which is a 100% increase over 2015.
Motor vehicle crashes increased by 6% rising to 1,875.
Our Koalas are dying! The situation is critical in South Australia, where these beautiful creatures have already once become extinct.
Koala Rescue Coordinator (Fauna Rescue SA) Merridy Montarello and fellow Volunteer Ann Bigham who receive up to 20 calls a day for koalas in need tell us about it, and about how the public can help.
Interviewer Helen Meyer
Note from Helen: Whilst doing this interview Merridy took three telephone calls in regard to Koalas in need. One of those was about a koala near the Knightsbridge Baptist Church on busy Glynburne Road. I witnessed how this gentle Koala was rescued. Probably saving its life.
Fauna Rescue SA – see how you can help
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to go back into the past and give your younger self a message?
How far back would you go and what would you say? Would you prevent a marriage or divorce? Perhaps you'd alter a career path? There's no giving lottery results, sports scores, stock market advice or any other tips that would make you wealthy in this scenario. It has to be something deeply personal and meaningful. Maybe you could say something that would save a life or make the world a better place.
I occasionally play these mind games. Sometimes I go back to elementary school and make myself stand up to bullies. Sometimes I instill confidence in myself to be a better student. Quite often, however, I think about going back to my college days and stopping myself from getting into my first marriage, although the thought of never having my daughter in my life is usually the end game for that one. She's worth far more to me than every ounce of pain I suffered in the divorce.
Most often I think about preventing Younger Me from getting into journalism. If I had known 35 years ago when I was heading off to college that there would be such a thing as the Internet and the devastating impact it would have on print media, I could have diverted to a much more lucrative career such as teaching.
I had a lot of friends at Adams State College who tried to convince me to become a teacher. I didn't want to. I was always led to believe that teaching was a low-paying profession and I couldn't see myself being confined to a classroom all day with a bunch of kids who didn't want to be there either.
In hindsight, I can see that I would have been much better off financially had I become an educator rather than a journalist. When I started my professional newspaper career, entry-level salaries mirrored that of first-year teachers. As I earned raises and promotions, I saw my income continue to match that of new, inexperienced teachers. It stayed that way for the first several years of my career.
Then the Interweb thingy came along. Newspapers started struggling financially. Raises became fewer and smaller. It wasn't long before entry-level teachers were making more than me – a lot more. Today it's laughable. You will never, ever hear me champion the cause of higher salaries for teachers. It's not that they don't deserve it; it's just an unreal expectation from my perspective. For me, giving a teacher a raise means I have to pay more taxes and in the process widen the income gap between me and the ones so often pitied for being in a low-paying profession.
On top of that, I don't get the benefit of tenure or the ability to take summer breaks, Christmas breaks, and breaks for every major and minor holidays. I work year-round about 50-plus hours a week and often work weekends and holidays to cover events the teachers and their families are enjoying.
I know it sounds like I'm bitter and griping about teachers, and maybe I am. I still don't want to do their job. I'm related to and friends with many teachers and I see a lot of what they must contend with every day that has nothing to do with teaching. I don't envy them. I don't doubt that there are a lot of teachers my age out there who, if they could go back in time, would divert their younger selves into other professions.
That's sad to think of because we need to be attracting better and brighter talent into our classrooms. To do that, however, we need to fix a broken system. The way education is funded in Texas needs to change. So do the expectations that legislators force on public schools. We need to get the Legislature out of the classrooms and infuse our school districts with adequate funding. Our teachers need to be free to educate our children, not direct them down a path of passing certain tests.
Honestly, some of the best quality education my children receive comes in those few, brief weeks between STAAR testing and the end of school. That's when they go on field trips and do a lot of the hands-on stuff that they get excited about. Just imagine what it would be like if that level of creative excitement and energy were poured into classrooms all year.
On the other hand, several teachers often slip into baby-sitting mode during that time and my kids idle the class period away watching movies and playing games. If anyone in any other profession had a drop in productivity like that, they'd be looking for another job. I'd be curious to see how much teacher performance would improve if they had the ability to earn merit raises and no longer have the protection of tenure to hide behind.
But what do I know? I'm just an over-paid, ivory tower editor on the downhill slide of an ill-chosen career path. Or am I?
I can't begin to tell you how often friends (teachers included) say they live vicariously through my exploits on Facebook. As a journalist I get to go places, do things, and meet people that many of my friends will never get to experience. That's been the best part of being a newspaperman all these years. I live a very surreal life. It's all those life experiences that keep me going, not the money. Despite what is happening to the print industry, this is a very exciting time to be in journalism. Communication has never been more instant and competition tougher.
Although I have the advantages and drawbacks of being at a weekly publication, the Internet and social media have pretty much leveled the playing field. I can now get information out as quickly as daily newspapers and television stations. It just means I have to be better and faster.
So considering how much journalism has enriched my life, I don't think I could justify going back 35 years and stopping Younger Me from earning my journalism degree. I think perhaps the best advice I could give Younger Me would be to keep exercising and to eat fewer hamburgers, pizzas, and donuts. That would definitely have a huge, positive impact on Current Me. Being in better shape and having more energy would undoubtedly make my life much better than a bigger paycheck. Of course, I wouldn't complain about a bigger paycheck, but I'm not about to go into teaching to get one.
BRIEF-Clifton Bancorp Inc to pay $0.25 special dividend
* Clifton Bancorp Inc - declared a special cash dividend of $0.25 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about July 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New Delhi (Spuntik) — Albert Pasal Shaine is trending on the social media after photographs of a miniature Taj Mahal they built with match-sticks went viral. Albert is currently lodged in a jail in India's northern state of Uttar Pradesh that hosts the Taj Mahal — an iconic monument famous for being the epitome of love.
truly a Labor of Love.. Hez so talented shuld make this their career & stay on the right track — https://t.co/brgoi4V0Nh — Mee Too (@metoosmrty) 1 января 2017 г.
Albert says they used 30,000 match-sticks and two kilograms of glue to build the model. The jail showcased the matchstick Taj Mahal to the media and the general public. The jail authorities are now planning to send the beautiful piece of handicraft to their wife in France as a New Year Gift from their husband. Albert was arrested by Indian authorities at the Indo-Nepal border 2014 for carrying a huge quantity of Hashish.
The Taj Mahal is a mausoleum in white marble built by Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan in the memory of their wife Mumtaz Mahal, with whom they fell in love at the first sight.
× Animals Taken on Wild Ride now Up for Adoption
COOPER TOWNSHIP — Back in June, two men in central Pennsylvania were taken into custody after leading police on a chase while driving a livestock truck full of goats and sheep.
Now two months later, the 27 animals are up for adoption.
Those goats and sheep went through a lot when they were driven 34 miles through Northumberland County at high speeds. Authorities say they were on their way to the slaughterhouse but instead found themselves at the Pennsylvania SPCA near Danville.
The animals had a wild ride after their owner and another man were chased by police for about 34 miles at high speeds through lower Northumberland County.
Four of the animals died. The remaining 27 were brought to the shelter near Danville.
Shelter manager Carlee Fiddes says the animals were in bad shape.
“They've been treated for external parasites, internal parasites, they've been treated for some upper respiratory infections,” Fiddes explained.
Fiddes says the animals were in shock. They gave all 27 of them medicine for more than a month and it paid off.
“They're getting around, they're eating well, they're playing well, they're causing plenty of havoc just like goats tend to do and they're just doing really well.”
According to the SPCA, the animals were on the way to the slaughterhouse before the crash. Now they get a second chance at life.
The owners surrendered them to the SPCA because of the high medical expenses.
Now they are up for adoption. All six sheep and nine of the goats are at the center in Montour County. The rest are at the main facility in Philadelphia.
People are already coming to look at them including Pam Wysocki.
“We were looking to expand a couple more goats, and that's when I stopped and saw the goats and thought we'd see what they were like,” Wysocki said.
Fiddes hopes to find these goats and sheep good homes because they've lived stressful lives.
“It's unfortunate that that's the way things had to go down to give them that second lease on life, but I'm sure they're pretty thankful for it now that things have recovered,” said Fiddes.
Both of the suspects for that crash are still in jail waiting for their court hearings. If you are interested in adopting any of the animals, you are asked to contact the Pennsylvania SPCA Center near Danville.
The United States wants China to ramp up pressure on North Korea to scrap its nuclear and missile programs or see Washington take things into its own hands, America's UN envoy Nikki Haley has warned.
In an interview with Fox News Sunday, Haley praised the international community for keeping sanctions on Pyongyang, but added that Beijing could do more to persuade the North Korean leader to end nuclear and missile tests.
They added that President Trump, who has a “very good relationship,” with President Xi Jinping, was putting pressure on their Chinese counterpart “to do more.”
“But to be clear, China can do more and we're putting as much pressure on them as we can. The last time they completely cut off the oil, North Korea came to the table. And so we've told China they've got to do more. If they don't do more, we're going to take it into our own hands and then we'll start to deal with secondary sanctions, Haley said.
Nikki Haley was speaking shortly after Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told their American colleague Rex Tillerson that in a bid to ensure its security, Pyongyang was now willing to discuss the situation directly with Washington.
© AFP 2017/ WANG Zhao US Threats to Stop Trade With China Over North Korea Nothing But 'Blackmail'
Lavrov and Tillerson met on the fringes of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) session in Vienna on Thursday.
In the meantime, the US, Japan and South Korea launched a joint missile tracking drill on Monday.
During the course of the two-day exercise, being held off the coast of Japan, four Aegis-equipped destroyers from the three countries, will detect and track computer-simulated missiles and share information.
The drill comes less than a week after the US and South Korea held large-scale wargames, which Pyongyang said made the outbreak of war inevitable and “an established fact.”
READ MORE: US to Decide on China Policy Over Lack of Pressure on North Korea Within Week
Tensions on the divided Korean peninsula have escalated in recent months amid a series of nuclear and missile tests conducted by Pyongyang.
The situation came to a head in September when President Trump threatened to wipe North Korea off the face of the Earth.
By Abby Hassler
Friday night (April 14), Lorde held a surprise performance at Pappy & Harriet's, a small western-themed bar 20 miles outside of Coachella, where they debuted new music, including a song called “Sober” from their upcoming album.
The show was the singer's first live performance in two years and only about 300 fans were at the event. The setlist for this show included “Homemade Dynamite,” but it was crossed off and not performed.
Related: Watch Lorde as a Hard-Rocking 12-Year-Old
However, two days later, Lorde took the main stage at Coachella and performed both “Sober” and “Homemade Dynamite.” Them new album, Melodrama, is scheduled for release June 16.
Lorde's Coachella setlist:
The Wednesday Stack: The GDPR Dust Settles (Not Really)
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Stack logo by Hilary Allison
Was GDPR ever going to be a one day news story? No, of course not; it's here to stay, and the impact of North American-based brands has already been felt, with predictable lawsuits filed against some of the big players in the online data space, and brands pulling down their European websites. Here's are some other nuggets:
The Washington Post didn't darken its digital European presence. Oh no. Instead it put up a paywall for E.U. visitors, charging a $90 premium annual EU subscription for a website with no ads — and no data collection. That's $30 more than the cost of a regular online subscription. It's an ill wind
Down to the nitty gritty with ICANN, the nonprofit custodian of the infrastructure of the Internet, filing a suit against a Germany-based domain registrar aimed at forcing it to continue collecting the personal data of individuals who buy web addresses, something the registrar argues contravenes GDPR. The information underpins ICANN's WHOIS look-up service, and the litigation is likely the first shot in an extensive battle to ensure a continuing flow of information on domain owners
Google had some good news to balance the launch of privacy lawsuits: In the days running up to GDPR, European advertisers were seen to shift significant ad budget to Google, trusting its DoubleClick Bid Manager system to be in compliance with GDPR. Google is not only the biggest player in online advertising; GDPR has also allowed it to act the part of gatekeeper, by withholding "verification" of GDPR compliance from third party companies. AppNexus, for example, saw spending on its services begin to flow again after Google verified its compliance with GDPR.
**********
In other news, identity resolution and data onboarding service LiveRamp announced a move designed to advance ethical treament of third party data. Programmatic human survey platform Lucid is partnering with LiveRamp to permit validation of LiveRamp data through comparisons with Lucid's vast trove of information collected by surveying actual human beings (billions of responses from hundreds of millions of users). The result is a Lucid Data Score, helping marketers to make more informed data purchase decisions. Expect to see a lot of effort at the respectable end of the data industry aimed at improving the reputation of third party data. In a press release, Luke McGuinness, GM of Data Store at LiveRamp, said "By encouraging and supporting greater clarity and accuracy across data sets, we aim to elevate ethical data, enabling marketers to deliver the most relevant and efficient advertising experiences to consumers."
**********
Finally, where in the world is DMN? Right now, at home in muggy New York City, but next week we'll be bringing you coverage of PegaWorld 2018, reporting on whether Pega CEO has anything nice to say about Salesforce this year. Place your bets now.
A Kansas woman has been sentenced to three years and five months in prison for a drunken driving crash that killed a motorcyclist.
The Hutchinson News reports that 66-year-old Jane Ellen Hart was sentenced Friday. They pleaded no contest in February to involuntary manslaughter while under the influence of drugs or alcohol in the January 2017 crash that killed 62-year-old Charles Caselton of Burrton. The sentence also carries a post-release supervision term of three years, and requires Hart to register as a violent offender.
Hart wasn't hurt when they turned left into the motorcycle's path, but Caselton died at the scene. Hart apologized to Caselton's family at the hearing, saying they were sorry to have caused them pain.
BRUSSELS Argentina hopes to have an agreement on a free trade deal between the European Union and the South American Mercosur bloc by the end of the year, its foreign minister said on Thursday.
The European Union and Mercosur launched trade negotiations in 1999, but they have faced multiple setbacks, partly due to more than a decade of leftist rule in Argentina.
That government has now replaced by a more pro-business government since late 2015 that advocates trade.
"We hope that it will be by the end of the year, but it is not a deadline. It could be in the first quarter of the coming year," Argentine foreign minister Susana Malcorra told a press briefing in Brussels.
"We would like to at least make an announcement at the WTO meeting in Buenos Aires that things are sufficiently close," they added.
Trade ministers will convene in Buenos Aires in December for a meeting of the World Trade Organisation.
Malcorra named issues around rules of origin as well as food safety measures as important points that still needed to be discussed.
The EU and Mercosur exchanged market access offers in May of last year, including lists of imports that each side was prepared to liberalise.
(Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Proposed Multi-Family is “On Hold” For Being Too Dense, Despite Denser Housing Already on the Block
A proposed residential development that would have brought 50 mixed-bedroom apartments and 11 townhomes to an empty lot in Uptown has been stalled by 46th Ward Alderman James Cappleman and the Department of Planning and Development for being “too dense”. The proposal is less dense than neighboring buildings, and the number of new households it proposes would server bolster the reason for spending $200 million to reconstruct the Wilson CTA station.
Streetsblog reported on the development after a community meeting last July due to its mixed bag of parking accommodations and request for a new street-facing curb cut. The developer planned 25 parking spaces for 50 rental units, a 50 percent reduction from what the zoning code requires. However, the townhomes would each have a 2-car garage, bringing the total number of parking spaces for the site to 47. While the townhome parking would be alley-accessible, the parking garage for rental units would be accessed via a new 22-foot curb cut on Malden St.
Curb cuts are troubling as they introduce a new vehicle conflict point along the sidewalk, and no curb cuts currently exist on the 4600 N block of Malden St. However, neighbors were less concerned with the safety impact of a curb cut, instead rejecting it on the basis that it would remove free street parking spaces. The curb cut is just one of two reasons that the ward office stated the project is on hold.
Members of neighborhood block clubs are principally opposed to the amount of density proposed for the site and the developer's request for a curb cut.
Tressa Feher, 46th Ward Chief of Staff, stated that the Department of Planning and Development agreed with local opposition to the project on the basis of density. Alder. Cappleman originally made the announcement that it was “placed on hold” by DPD on March 2, 2018, in the ward newsletter “due to the density and curb cut in the front”.
The developer is seeking a zoning change from RT-4 to RM-4.5, just one step upward in the zoning code, which permits additional height and density. While the developer would not have been able to construct the originally-proposed building under the existing zoning code, it is also true that many of the buildings on this street would also not have been built under the existing zoning code.
With the recently renovated and capacity-expanding ‘L' station opening at Wilson, the ward and the city should be doing everything possible to make the most out of this 3-year, $203 million investment. A longtime vacant lot just three blocks from the station is a great location to do so, and would have brought dozens of new residents to a neighborhood that is making several investments in sustainable transportation infrastructure and placemaking, such as the new plaza being constructed at Racine and Broadway.
The ward office's claim that the Department of Planning and Development finds the development too dense doesn't make a lot of sense when the proposed development is compared to neighboring buildings. In fact, for a building with 61 proposed units on five lots totalling about 38,690 square feet, the development would have been several times less dense than many existing buildings on Malden St.
When standardized for the typical Chicago lot that's 3,125 square feet, the proposed development is 4.9 units per standard lot size (a concept created by Daniel Hertz). For example, the ubiquitous two-flat graystone is two units per standard lot size.
Several other buildings within one block are denser:
These existing buildings were built between 1901 and 1930. In the 1923 and 1927 versions of the zoning code, the city permitted buildings as high as 132' on Malden St, as well as adjoining streets, due to its inclusion in a “volume district”. In the 1957 zoning code, established decades after the construction of the above buildings, the street was zoned R5, which allowed a floor-area ratio (FAR, which is how the zoning code measures density of households on a lot) of 2.2. The proposed development has a lower floor-area ratio, making it less dense than what was allowed in 1957.
The developer was seeking to rezone the lot for RM-4.5 zoning, which would have brought its FAR allowance up to 1.7 from 1.2, still below the 2.2 FAR permitted for much of the last century when many of the buildings on the block were constructed.
When most of the existing buildings on Malden and elsewhere in this neighborhood were originally built in the early 20th century, the neighborhood was growing. The Wilson ‘L' station opened in May 1900, and many buildings were constructed in the decades thereafter. Putting the existing neighborhood zoning in historical context is important when we consider that Uptown is growing again, especially with the reconstruction and expansion of the ‘L' station. It's possible that neighbors who complain about the density of a new development are in fact living in developments that are technically denser.
While the permitted density has decreased over the decades, it is clear that Uptown is becoming a more desirable neighborhood. The city is making multiple investments not only in placemaking but also in terms of transportation capacity. The development, as originally proposed, is hardly pushing boundaries in terms of density, historically and currently speaking. Without allowing this kind of density back into the neighborhood, the city's investments will not realize their full potential.
Police are asking for help identifying a man they say stole merchandise from a home improvement store in south Oklahoma City.
Officers say the man, who was wearing a gray shirt and a ball cap, was captured on surveillance video. The suspect walked up to a counter in a Lowe's home improvement store and made a return.
The suspect then left the store, but came back and stole some merchandise, according to police.
Anyone with any information is asked call Crime Stoppers at 405/235-7300, or leave a tip online at www.okccrimetips.com.
FILE - In this Jan. 21, 2018, file photo, demonstrators rally in support of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) outside the Capitol Washington. A federal judge has ruled against the Trump administrationâ€™s decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation. U.S. District Judge John D. Bates says the Department of Homeland Securityâ€™s decision to rescind the DACA program â€œwas unlawful and must be set aside.â€� (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana, File)
FILE - In this Jan. 21, 2018, file photo, demonstrators rally in support of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) outside the Capitol Washington. A federal judge has ruled against the Trump administrationâ€™s decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation. U.S. District Judge John D. Bates says the Department of Homeland Securityâ€™s decision to rescind the DACA program â€œwas unlawful and must be set aside.â€� (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - A federal judge ruled Tuesday against the Trump administration's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation, calling the Department of Homeland Security's rationale against the program "arbitrary and capricious."
U.S. District Judge John D. Bates in Washington wrote that the decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, known as DACA, "was unlawful and must be set aside."
Bates wrote that DHS' decision "was predicated primarily on its legal judgment that the program was unlawful. That legal judgment was virtually unexplained, however, and so it cannot support the agency's decision."
Bates gave DHS 90 days to "better explain its view that DACA is unlawful." If the department cannot come up with a better explanation, they wrote, it "must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications."
DACA allowed immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children, known as Dreamers, to stay and work legally under renewable permits. President Donald Trump announced last year that they would end the program started by President Barack Obama. It was officially rescinded in March, but DHS is continuing to issue renewals because of previous court orders.
Bates' ruling Tuesday night comes in a pair of cases whose lead plaintiffs are the NAACP and Princeton University.  They are the third judge to rule against administration plans to end the program.
Bizarre trial of veteran Turkish journalist Mehmet Özdemir who faces lifetime in jail
Award winning journalist who have worked their way up from being an intern reporter to a senior editor in Turkey's one-time largest national daily is now facing a three lifetime sentences on trumped-up charges that were brought forward by the Turkish government.
Mehmet Özdemir, 42-year-old journalist, has been locked up behind bars for 14 months now in Turkey's largest press freedom case where a total of 31 journalists are being accused of coup plotting and being members of a terrorist organization without a single evidence of crime. The 64-page indictment filed against them simply says Özdemir and others have worked for or contributed as op-ed writer to Zaman, one time best-selling daily that was seized by the government in March 2016 and shut down in July 2016.
Özdemir started their journalism career as an intern in Turkey's eastern province Erzurum in 1997 and had worked as reporter, copy editor, political news editor, first page editor and managing editor in several media outlets.  They are best known for writing human interest stories that earned them awards from journalist associations. They love literature and poetry and even contributed as a writer for a literature web site for a while. Their colleagues recall them as true gentleman who worked closely with interns and mentored them.
When the government unlawfully seized their paper Zaman as part of the government campaign to muzzle critical and independent media outlets, they were one of those who got dismissed immediately. Yet they did not give up despite pressure from the government and helped launch a new national daily called Yeni Hayat along with their journalist friends. That was shut down by the government in the aftermath of the controversial coup attempt on July 15, 2016.
They were in Mediterranean resort province Antalya in the south of Turkey when an İstanbul prosecutor secured sweeping detention warrants against dozens of journalists on July 26, 2016 as part of investigation into the coup attempt. When they saw their name on the list of the wanted, they immediately came back to İstanbul on their own and surrendered themselves to the police.
While under police custody for a week, Özdemir was subjected to torture and ill-treatment. Their abusers even denied them their eyeglasses, left them unnourished and prevented them to get new clothes from their family. The journalist formally arrested on August 4, 2016 and sent to notorious Silivri Prison where convicts and felons were incarcerated. Turkish authorities left them there for 419 days without a trial and kept rejecting petitions that challenged the abusive pre-trial detention.
The journalist who appeared for the first time in the court on September 18, 2017 after spending 419 days in pre-trial detention had the chance to tell about the terrible saga that they had faced in the Turkish prison. Yet most Turkish media which is strictly controlled by the did not even carry their defence statements in their pages.
Özdemir told judges at İstanbul's No.13 High Criminal Court during the trial that “I believe I'm here wrongfully. I'm waiting when I will be told ‘pardon, there was a mistake.' My name was mentioned in the indictment only once and that is where all the defendants who worked in the newspaper listed at the end. There was no criminal evidence presented.”
Journalist Özdemir made a point that they willingly surrendered themselves to the police when they heard news about detention warrants and has no plans to flee the country. “I have twins who just started the school this year. I was dreaming to take them to their school,” they said as they appealed their release from pre-trial detention.
Özdemir is married with a journalist and they have three kids. They stressed that that is no evidence of any crime in the indictment as well as in the evidentiary dossier and asked for the acquittal. They said they had done nothing wrong except working in the journalism field for years and strongly denied charges of terrorism and coup plotting against the government.
Yet, the court decided to keep them locked up while the trial is ongoing. They will be kept away from their journalist wife and three kids
The next hearing is scheduled to be held in December 2017. If they get convicted on trumped up charges, they will be sentenced to three aggravated lifetime imprisonment plus an additional 15 years according to the indictment.
Turkey is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world. The most recent figures documented by the Stockholm Center for Freedom (SCF) has showed that 280 journalists and media workers are now in jails as of September 30, 2017, most in pre-trial detention languishing in notorious Turkish prisons without even a conviction. Of those in Turkish prisons, 255 are arrested pending trial, only 25 journalists remain convicted and serving time in Turkish prisons. An outstanding detention warrants remain for 134 journalists who live in exile or remain at large in Turkey.
Detaining tens of thousands of people over alleged links to the movement, the government also closed down more than 180 media outlets after the controversial coup attempt.
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15, 2016 that killed 249 people. Immediately after the putsch, the Justice and Development Party (AKP) government along with Turkey's autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Gülen movement.
Fethullah Gülen, who inspired the movement, strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it, but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “a gift from God” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions, dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody.
Turkey has suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants since July 15. Turkey's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup.
Related
DETROIT (AP) - Tom Izzo walked into their final news conference before a game this season and saw Michigan State's interim president conducting interviews.
The Hall of Fame coach sat down and gazed toward the back of the room, essentially expressionless, as John Engler was with a handful of reporters.
Izzo had plenty on their plate at the time, trying to prepare the third-seeded Spartans for Syracuse. Izzo wasn't particularly concerned with the conversations Engler was having with a handful of reporters and said they aren't bothered by it, figuring they were there to show their support.
But it was another sign, showing the crisis on campus related to Larry Nassar has affected Izzo and their basketball program. And perhaps the next sign played out for all to see on Sunday afternoon when the 11th-seeded Syracuse eliminated Michigan State with a 55-53 win in the second round of the NCAA Tournament on Sunday.
The toll of the turbulent season likely led to Izzo tearing up as they talked about perhaps the toughest season of their career when it seemed set up to potentially end with their second national championship.
While an ESPN report raised questions about how Izzo and Michigan State football coach handled sexual assault allegations within their program, their faces were on display on a TV set alongside Nassar, a former doctor at the school, who was sentenced to decades in prison for molesting young women and girls under the guise of medical treatment.
As part of the fallout, Lou Anna Simon resigned as school president and Mark Hollis, who is very close to Izzo, retired.
Izzo felt compelled to tell their team before a game they aren't going anywhere as questions swirled about who might also be caught up in the wake of the scandal.
Instead of being frank at news conferences, Izzo repeatedly said they always cooperated with investigations and always would relate to allegations made against their players. They would grit their teeth and stayed largely silent when pressed with non-basketball questions at postgame news conferences.
The usually frank coach appeared to be in a no-win situation, getting criticized for not addressing allegations made in ESPN reporting and knowing they probably wouldn't have all the answers wanted if they did choose to say more.
Miles Bridges, meanwhile, went from being hailed for staying in school instead of making millions in the NBA to being ruled ineligible briefly before the final regular season game. The school found out their family had a meal with an agent last winter without their knowledge, committing an NCAA violation. Bridges was reinstated and bounced back to play well at times, but the pressure of performing and the off-the-court issues may have had something to do with them missing 14 of 18 shots against the Orange.
"Everything that was thrown at us, we still had fun," Bridges said after what was likely their last college game. "And, I love every guy that's on my team. That's why I'm so hurt right now."
Freshman Jaren Jackson is projected to be a high pick - even before Bridges - if they choose to leave college as expected.
The Spartans may have three juniors to depend on next season led by point guard Cassius Winston, shooting guard Joshua Langford and forward Nick Ward along with seniors Matt McQuaid and Kenny Goins. Xavier Tillman worked their way into the lineup as a first-year student and next year's class will have plenty of opportunities to play.
Michigan State signed five standouts in November: Six-foot point guard Foster Loyer, Michigan's Mr. Basketball; 6-10 forward Marcus Bingham Jr., 6-7 forward Gabe Brown and 6-8 forward Thomas Kithier.
Izzo insisted they will be back for a 24th season as coach to help the school and community bounce back even though they could probably land an NBA job if they wanted one after turning down at least a couple offers to jump to the league in the past.
"I took too many bullets this year not to be here," they said. "So, I'll be here and we'll be back knocking to win a championship."
By this time next year, though, Michigan State may not be in the clear and the lingering effects could continue to carry over onto the basketball program. Between Michigan State's NCAA Tournament games, Engler was talking to reporters about their desire to reach a financial settlement with Nassars' victims, adding the passage of sweeping child abuse legislation in the state is interfering with the process. State Attorney General Bill Schuette is reviewing how Michigan State handled the allegations against Nassar and the candidate for governor said the investigation would put a bright light on every corner of the university.
Even though their title is basketball coach, Izzo is a leader on campus and vows to stay to help it heal.
"If somebody would give me a chance to bring Michigan State back, I can't think of anything I would rather do," Izzo said. "I think its been punched and kicked. Some of it for mistakes, rightfully so. Some of them, not rightfully so. I'm going to be hopefully part of the solution, not part of the problem."
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Larry Lage on Twitter at https://twitter.com/larrylage
ATLANTA (AP) - Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night.
Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than 29 million people, raising the risk of powerful tornadoes, damaging winds and hail the size of tennis balls.
This photo provided by Johnny Tribble shows a damaged house after a tornado, Tribble said, passed the area in Ardmore, Ala., Monday, March 19, 2018. Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night. (Johnny Tribble via AP)
Cities in northern Alabama reported power outages, and the National Weather Service in Huntsville reported at least three confirmed tornadoes in the area.
In Limestone County, an Alabama county on the Tennessee border, the sheriff's office posted photos online of houses with roofs ripped off and outbuildings torn from their foundations. Several roads were closed because of power lines or trees, the office tweeted. But it had no reports of injuries from the storms.
The athletic director at Jacksonville State University said late Monday there was significant damage to the campus.
"I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed," Greg Seitz said in a tweet.
Seitz later tweeted that they were still surveying the campus but that there was major roof damage to two halls, adding that theirs was thankful that JSU was on spring break this week and that most students are out of town.
Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward.
Forecasters said the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7.5 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (115 kph).
"The potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility," Alabama state meteorologist Jim Stefkovic said at a news conference.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. The storms are the first severe weather to threaten the state this year.
School systems from central Tennessee as far south as Birmingham, Alabama, let out early, hoping students and staff would have time to get home before the storms moved through.
The threatened storms come one day before the official start of spring, and are "by far the most impressive setup we've seen so far this year," said Kurt Weber, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Huntsville, Alabama.
"We can't rule out a strong tornado east of Interstate 65 at this point with all the ingredients coming together," Weber added. "Hopefully not, but definitely a possibility."
They said golf ball to tennis ball-sized hail, which can do serious damage to buildings and cars, was possible.
"This is one of those days you want to put the car in the garage if you can," Weber said.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabamians to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
"We are not taking the situation lightly," Ivey said. "Severe weather is unpredictable and that is why it is paramount we prepare ahead of time."
The University of Alabama suspended operations Monday from 6:30 p.m. to midnight, meaning classes and campus activities were cancelled, libraries closed and shelters were opened on campus.
___
Associated Press writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Alabama, Mallory Moench in Montgomery, Alabama, and Kate Brumback in Atlanta contributed to this report.
For runners, there's nothing like pursuing a challenging and elusive Boston Marathon qualifying time. Running fast enough to earn an entrance into the most prestigious 26.2-mile race of all time is a goal many will never achieve.
So nothing is quite as offensive as finding out that others could have cheated to earn their spot in the famed race. Derek Murphy, 46-year-old a business analyst and suburban dad in Ohio, is working to keep runners around the country — and world — honest.
Depending on their age group, runners need to get a BQ — short for Boston qualifier — at a previous marathon. Those who run faster than the limit for their age earn entrance into Boston and can then register for the marathon (there are a small amount of charity bibs available, for which no qualifying time is required). Murphy and their network of race sleuths on blog Marathon Investigation identified 15 people who had gained entrance into Boston this year that had no place there, they said.
Eight of those runners cut the course in their qualifying race and seven who didn't run the previous race themselves but used a “bib mule,” or someone else who carried their bib and ran fast enough to qualify them. Murphy finds the cheaters by identifying people whose race splits are impossibly fast, have run the qualifying race much faster than any of their previous times, or missed crossing any of the electronic data checkpoints. (Along the race course, runners cross finish-line like pads to mark their splits at particular course milestones, like a 5k and the 13.1 halfway point.) These and other irregularities help Murphy scrutinize the results of runners who may not belong in Boston.
They posted a warning last week that if there were others who had cheated to earn their spot, they likely wouldn't be able to hide it from him.
“My advice to those that are planning to run Boston next week that didn't earn the honor – Don't do it,” Murphy wrote on their blog. “You didn't earn the right to wear that bib. There is a very good chance that you will be identified..if you haven't been already.”
Murphy, who started the blog in 2015, said they have run 10 marathons.
“I've never been close to qualifying for Boston, but I can appreciate how much hard work goes into that,” Murphy told the Boston Globe. “So, people taking shortcuts rubs me the wrong way.”
They also discourage runners from selling their bib, which is an illegal practice in many road races. Race directors prohibit allowing someone else to run as you because for safety reasons they need to know exactly who is on the course, and ensure that they have accurate emergency contact information for all participants in case something happens. If someone is running the race but is using the registration of someone else, race personnel can't accurately identify everyone.
Although he's not officially affiliated with Boston, Murphy's work helps the Boston Athletic Association, which puts on the marathon, identify cheaters it wouldn't otherwise have the time to find and disqualify.
“We'll have some people every year who'll behave in a way that they shouldn't,” Boston Athletic Association executive director Tom Grilk told the Boston Globe. “But from what we can tell, the number of people who misbehave is very, very small. There's an honesty rate that the Internal Revenue Service would love to see.”
US Senator Claire McCaskill has informed the Northwest Missouri Area Agency on Aging (NWMOAAA) that greater transparency is needed in the awarding of nutrition service contracts.
McCaskill was approached in October 2017 by Nodaway County Senior Center Administrator Amie Firavich about the senior center not being awarded a contract to provide nutritious, hot home-delivered and group meals to seniors for the 2018 fiscal year.
In early January, McCaskill said, “It's clear to me after digging into this extensively that both sides failed to communicate with each other, on both changing expectations and new policies, which ultimately led to funding changes for the senior center.
“This was a fundamental and frustrating lack of communication that I'd encourage both agencies to avoid with a more open dialogue going forward, particularly given their policies have a direct impact on Nodaway's senior community.”
NWMOAAA responded to McCaskill's inquiries with a fact sheet on the bid process and decision to not award contracts to, not only Nodaway County Senior Center, but one in St. Joseph and the Cameron nutrition site.
McCaskill expressed concern that NWMOAAA did not address how the bid process would be handled in the future.
“In the interest of transparency and improved communication,” McCaskill said, “I respectfully request that upon making a decision regarding the FY2019 nutrition contracts, that the Northwest Missouri Area Agency on Aging inform all FY2018 applicants whether or not they will be eligible for awards for the next bidding cycle, and if a FY2018 applicant is ineligible for awards … provide the applicant with the rationale and an opportunity to take any remedial actions necessary to compete for a bid.”
As part of the fact sheet supplied to McCaskill's office, the NWMOAAA stated that funds for Nodaway County meals were awarded to the Maitland Nutrition site in Maitland, Tri-City Friendship Center, for citizens in the southwest portion of the county. A third party source informed the Nodaway News Leader that those funds have traditionally been awarded to the Maitland facility and that no extra funds were received when the Nodaway County entity was denied funding for this fiscal year.
FROM Darwin to Alice Springs, thousands of Territorians gathered before sunrise on Wednesday – 103 years after Australian troops landed at Gallipoli.
In Darwin, there was a buzz as people walked to the Cenotaph, with military tunes from the Australian Army Band adding to the aura.
As the drums died and the veterans arrived, the crowd was silent in memory of the fallen soldiers.
During the moving ceremony, keeping every member of the crowd to a standstill, soldiers from Australia, New Zealand and East Timor all laid wreaths on the cenotaph, joined by cadets, politicians, students, girl guides and scouts.
WHAT'S ON TODAY
DARWIN
5.50am Veterans march from Darwin RSL to the Darwin Cenotaph
6am Dawn service begins
7.30am Mass for the fallen, St Mary's Star of the Sea War Memorial Cathedral
9am Parade commences on the Esplanade, finishes at the Civic Centre
PALMERSTON
4.30am Gunners breakfast at Palmerston Sports Club
6am Dawn service begins at Memorial Park
7am Breakfast at Palmerston Sports Club
8.30am Veterans march through the city
9.30am Service at memorial park
ADELAIDE RIVER
5.30am Dawn service begins at Adelaide River war cemetery
HUMPTY DOO
9am March begins at Taminmin College
9.15am Memorial service begins at the village green
KATHERINE
6am Dawn service begins at Cenotaph on O'Shea Tce
ALICE SPRINGS
6am Dawn service begins at Anzac Hill
7am Reunion breakfast
9.45am Anzac march begins in front of Alice Springs town council on Todd St
10.30am Service begins at Anzac Hill
11.30am Reunion at the Golf Club
Bishop's Cleeve boss Steve Cleal was unhappy after their side's defeat at Wimborne Town and will be looking for a reaction from their players when AFC Totton visit Kayte Lane on Tuesday night.
The Mitres' opening day setback meant for the second season running they come back from Dorset pointless on the opening day of the season.
Last year they followed the 4-1 defeat with their first point in a 0-0 draw with neighbours Slimbridge and Cleal will be keen to at least repeat that on Tuesday evening.
AFC Totton come into the game having won 3-1 at home to Barnstaple with three second half goals giving the Stags the points.
Totton are one of the teams who have strengthed in the summer and will head to Gloucestershire in confident mood.
The Mitres could be without summer signing Joel Hobbs who is struggling with an ankle injury and captain Kirk Layton is still missing but should return to action by the end of August.
"Saturday was disappointing and we should have done better in the circumstances however having had a couple of days to reflect on it some of it was down to our naivety but were a young side and thats going to happen," Cleal said.
"We had seven lads in the starting XI on Saturday making debuts and I fielded a team with an average age of 22.
"That is great, but it comes with its own challenges and that is what is going to happen this season.
"We need to make sure we do what we can at home to ensure we are hard to beat and have a season like we did two years ago starting on Tuesday."
A 53 year old man with an address in Northern Ireland appeared before Dundalk District Court last week accused of a money laundering offence.
Patrick McGuigan of Drumbanagher Wall, Poyntzpass, Newry was arrested by members of the Garda National Drugs and Organised Crime Bureau.
The 53 year old appeared before the court charged with engaging in transferring or handling or possessing €72,250 knowing that/believing that or being reckless as to whether it was the proceeds of criminal conduct at Junction 12 on the M1 motorway last Tuesday (June 26th).
A detective from the National Drugs and Organised Crime Bureau gave evidence of arresting the defendant at Drogheda Garda Station that night and charging them at 11.30pm.
The court heard Patrick McGuigan made no reply when the charge was put to them after caution. The officer said that bail conditions had been agreed – including an independent surety.
However, Judge John Coughlan said they would not accept the defendant's son-in-law as independent surety as they noted the bank statement produced in court showed that €1,000 of the €5,500 had been lodged into the account that morning.
The Defence barrister argued that had happened after they had been told that less than €5,000 would not be sufficient.
Judge Coughlan remanded Mr. McGuigan in custody with consent to bail, with an independent surety of five thousand euro, or a cash lodgement of €5,000 to appear before Cloverhill district court via video link tomorrow (Wednesday).
They told the Defence counsel that it would have to be shown that the money lodged is not the proceeds of crime.
In addition, the accused - who had handed over their British passport, was required to give an undertaking not to apply for an Irish passport.
As bees gain foraging experience they continually refine both the order in which they visit flowers and the flight paths they take between flowers to generate better and better routes, according to researchers at Queen Mary University of London.
Despite this, bees can be tricked into taking tempting shortcuts between flowers even at the cost of increasing the overall distance they have to fly.
Animals that travel between multiple destinations and return to a home base - like bees, birds, primates and humans - face a predicament known to mathematicians as the Travelling Salesman Problem.
The challenge is to find a route that visits each destination while travelling the shortest possible distance. Previous research, looking only at the order in which animals arrive at each destination, has shown that animals often find a good, or even optimal, solution but little is known about how they find that solution.
Lead author Joseph Woodgate, from Queen Mary's School of Biological and Chemical Sciences, said: "Animals cannot simply inspect a map to find out where the best food sources are or plan how to get between them."
Bumblebees start out knowing nothing about the terrain or where they can find food, so they must explore the landscape, discovering locations one by one and then face the challenge of integrating their spatial memories into an efficient route.
"Only by monitoring every move they make as they explore and try to generate a better route, can we understand how they tackle this challenge", Dr Woodgate added.
The researchers allowed bumblebee foragers to feed on an array of artificial flowers and used harmonic radar technology to follow individuals continuously over every foraging trip they made as they gradually developed solutions to the problem of how to visit them all.
The result was one of the largest and most complete datasets on bee flight ever recorded and provided an in-depth look at route development for the first time ever. They found that focussing simply on sequences of visits to feeder stations, rather than the actual movements between stations or the way that routes develop, is insufficient to understand how animals solve route optimisation problems.
The study, conducted in collaboration with Rothamsted Research, was published in Scientific Reports.
Professor Lars Chittka, coordinator of the study, said: "Imagine a salesperson from London who needs to call at Manchester, Leeds, Glasgow, Edinburgh and Inverness before returning home. From Manchester it is tempting to make the short trip across to Leeds, and from Glasgow it is tempting to visit Edinburgh, but a salesperson who does that will soon find themselves stranded in Inverness with a very long drive home. The better solution is to travel up one side of the UK and return down the other."
The researchers presented the bees with an equivalent challenge.
Dr Woodgate said: "As predicted, our bees showed a strong preference for taking shortcuts between nearby pairs of feeders even though this meant flying further in the long run. However, they did not exclusively fly only to the closest possible feeders, and tried out different routes in a flexible way."
The tracks recorded by the harmonic radar could be used to visualise the routes taken by the bees as they foraged. The researchers developed animated heatmaps that graphically demonstrated how some segments of route became habitual while other explorations were forgotten as preferred flight paths were discovered.
The flight distance and duration of foraging bouts reduced as bees gained experience and this increased efficiency was attributable mainly to experienced bees flying straighter and exploring less, rather than improvements in the order in which flowers were visited.
However, the bees never became completely set in their ways and the researchers uncovered evidence that suggests that they use random processes to introduce some variation into their routes which may help them to try out different visit orders looking for improvements to their routes.
The results also reveal that efficient routes develop by parallel improvements of both the order feeders were visited and the actual movements of bees flying between them. In other words, experienced bees not only visited their feeders in the same order, but also flew along the same flight lines time after time. These habitual flight paths were straighter than the routes they flew when first discovering the feeders, allowing them to reduce their travel distance even when they were unable to visit them in the best possible order.
Co-author James Makinson said: "Understanding how small-brained animals like bees find efficient rules-of-thumb to accomplish complex and flexible behaviours has great potential to inform the development of artificial intelligence and advanced robots.
"It's also important to understand how bees and other pollinating insects search for food and use the landscape is crucial to managing the risks to pollinator services posed by habitat loss and agricultural intensification."
###
The study was funded by the European Research Council and EPSRC (Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
“It's crazy, it's nothing I could have ever dreamed of,” said Duncan, whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open. “I don't think it's sunk in yet, to be honest. It's something I've dreamed about for a long time. I'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special.”
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
BRUSSELS, April 3 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- German synthetic rubber maker Lanxess AG to acquire U.S. specialty chemical company Chemtura (approved line March 31)
NEW LISTINGS
-- French media group Vivendi to acquire de facto sole control of Italy's Telecom Italia (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- German carmakers BMW, Daimler and Porsche AG and U.S. peer Ford Motor Co to acquire control of a joint venture (notified March 31/deadline May 12/simplified)
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
APRIL 4
-- U.S. computer and printer maker Hewlett Packard to acquire South Korean group Samsung Electronics' printer business (notified Feb. 28/deadline April 4)
APRIL 7
-- Engie Group French banking group BPCE to acquire a 49.9 percent stake in renewable energy companies LCS 4 and LCS (notified March 3/deadline April 7/simplified)
-- Twenty-First Century Fox to acquire the rest of European pay-TV company Sky it does not own (notified March 3/deadline April 7)
APRIL 10
-- Danish container shipping company Maersk to acquire German peer Hamburg Sud (notified Feb. 20/deadline extended to April 10 from March 27 after commitments submitted)
APRIL 12
-- U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins to acquire aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace (notified March 8/deadline April 12)
-- U.S. car part supplier Lear to acquire Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business (notified March 8/deadline April 12/simplified)
-- Dutch insurer NN Group to acquire Dutch rival Group Delta Lloyd (notified Feb. 22/deadline extended to April 12 from March 29 after the Dutch competition regulator asked to examine the deal)
-- Chinese state-owned company China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) to acquire Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta (notified Sept. 23/deadline extended to April 12)
APRIL 18
-- Megatrend European Holdings, which is part of property investment company TH Real Estate, and German insurer Allianz to jointly acquire Finnish company NRF which owns Helsinki-based Kamppi Shopping Centre (notified March 9/deadline April 18)
-- German cement producers Heidelbergcement and Schwenk to jointly acquire Mexican peer Cemex's Croatian unit (notified Sept. 5/deadline extended to April 18 from March 23)
APRIL 19
-- Private equity firm Advent International to acquire biometrics and security business Morpho from French aerospace group Safran (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
-- Private equity firm 3i, Dutch asset manager APG and Danish pension fund ATP to acquire a portfolio of European infrastructure companies from EISER (notified March 10/April 19/simplified)
-- Britain's Rolls-Royce to acquire the remaining 53.1 percent stake in Spanish aircraft engine and components maker Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
APRIL 21
-- French utility Engie to acquire UK property developer Keepmoat Regeneration HOldings (notified March 14/deadline April 21/simplified)
APRIL 24
-- French media company Bollore to acquire control of French company Vivendi (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- France's Group Credit Mutuel and French bank BNP Paribas to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- Bollore Energy, which is part of French group Bollore , and Total Marketing France, which is part of French energy company Total, to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24/simplified)
APRIL 25
-- Private equity firm CVC to acquire Polish retailer Zabka Polska (notified March 16/deadline April 25/simplified)
APRIL 26
-- Investment company Ardian to acquire the majority of France's Prosol, an operator of Grand Frais grocery stores (notified March 17/deadline April 26/simplified)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline April 26)
-- Swiss pharmaceutical supplier Lonza Group to acquire U.S. capsule maker Capsugel from private equity firm KKE & Co LP (notified March 17/deadline April 26)
MAY 2
-- Italian energy company Duferco Energia to acquire a business unit from Italian electricity company Energhe S.p.A. (notified March 22/deadline May 2/simplified)
MAY 4
-- Private investment firm KKR & Co. to acquire travel company Travelopia Holdings Ltd and Travelopia USA Inc. (notified March 24/ deadline May 4/simplified)
MAY 5
-- Japan's Panasonic Corporation to acquire Spanish auto parts maker Ficosa International (notified March 27/deadline May 5)
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 8
-- Swiss car importer Emil Frey France to acquire French car parts distributor PGA Group SAS from German carmaker Volkswagen Group (notified March 28/deadline May 8/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
DARKE COUNTY — Ryan Monahan, age 19, of Greenville, was sentenced on charges of aggravated assault, a fourth-degree felony, and tampering with evidence, a third-degree felony, in Darke County Common Pleas Court Thursday.
Judge Jonathan P. Hein announced the guilty verdict against Monahan January 29, just four days after a two-day bench trial, but waited until Thursday to sentence the defendant. The charges stem from a June 9, 2017 incident outside Monahan's home in Greenville, in which Monahan fired a semi-automatic .22 caliber rifle at a pick-up truck containing four other teens, striking one girl in the neck.
Because the non-fatal assault involved the use of a firearm, it carries a mandatory three-year sentence, which Hein imposed, along with 60 months post-release probation.
“This is pretty much a case of young, immature men and women behaving badly,” defense attorney Dave Rohrer said moments before Hein delivered their sentence, alleging that bullying and other provocations by the teens inside the truck helped precipitate the incident. “In fact, another party involved was sentenced to 18 months in prison earlier today.”
That other party was Jase Blocher, age 18, also of Greenville, who pled guilty to failure to comply with order or signal of a police officer, a third-degree felony, in connection with last year's events.
Judge Hein sentenced Blocher to 18 months in prison, with an option for judicial release after a few months if they show improvement in their attitude.
“I'm going to send you to prison to give you a good, healthy look at how bad things can be,” Hein told Blocher. “With your current attitude, I'm not finding that a community control sanction would be worth anyone's time.”
Defense attorney Rohrer also asked for their client to be granted bail pending appeal, saying they felt that Judge Hein's refusal to allow Monahan to dismiss Rohrer during the trial might be grounds for a higher court to overturn the verdict. The motion was denied, and Monahan was taken into custody following sentencing.
In other proceedings Thursday, Troy York, age 24, of Greenville, pled guilty to charges of grand theft, a fourth-degree felony. The charge was amended from a third-degree in accordance with a plea agreement between York and the Darke County prosecutor. Judge Hein accepted the plea and found York guilty; their next court appearance is a sentencing hearing, to be held April 27.
Ryan Monahan, age 19, of Greenville, was sentenced on charges of aggravated assault and tampering with evidence in connection with a June 9, 2017 incident in which Monahan fired a semi-automatic .22 caliber rifle at a pick-up truck containing four other teens, striking one girl in the neck. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Ryan-Monahan.jpg Ryan Monahan, age 19, of Greenville, was sentenced on charges of aggravated assault and tampering with evidence in connection with a June 9, 2017 incident in which Monahan fired a semi-automatic .22 caliber rifle at a pick-up truck containing four other teens, striking one girl in the neck. Tony Baker | The Daily Advocate Jase Blocher, age 18, of Greenville, pled guilty to failure to comply with order or signal of a police officer. Judge Hein sentenced Blocher to 18 months in prison. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Jase-Blocher.jpg Jase Blocher, age 18, of Greenville, pled guilty to failure to comply with order or signal of a police officer. Judge Hein sentenced Blocher to 18 months in prison. Tony Baker | The Daily Advocate Troy York, age 24, of Greenville, pled guilty to charges of grand theft, a fourth-degree felony. Judge Hein accepted the plea; sentencing will take place April 27. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Troy-York.jpg Troy York, age 24, of Greenville, pled guilty to charges of grand theft, a fourth-degree felony. Judge Hein accepted the plea; sentencing will take place April 27. Tony Baker | The Daily Advocate
By Tony Baker abaker@dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4315. To join the conversation and get updates on Facebook, search Advocate 360. For more features online, go to dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4315. To join the conversation and get updates on Facebook, search Advocate 360. For more features online, go to dailyadvocate.com
Prosecutors told the jury in Bill Cosby's criminal retrial that the legendary funnyman on The Cosby Show stands in glaring contrast to the sexual predator who victimized Andrea Constand.
And Cosby's chief accuser was not their sole target, prosecutor Kristen Feden said in their closing argument, describing how scores of other women have accused Cosby of trading on their celebrity status over decades to sexually prey on them.
"He utilized that image and cloaked it around themselves so they were able to gain the trust, gain the confidence of these young, aspiring, unsuspecting women stripped of their very autonomy, stripped of their ability to say no," Feden said.
Over more than two weeks of testimony in a Montgomery County Court in Pennsylvania, defense lawyers routinely characterized Constand as an opportunistic "con artist." Feden used that portrayal as a jumping-off point.
"The defense was partially accurate when they use that term. But the perpetrator of the con is this man," Feden said.
Feden then marched over to the table of defense lawyers where Cosby has sat for the entire trial. Inches away from him, they pointed at their face.
"Sitting right here. This is the man. Sitting right here," Feden bellowed.
"Nothing funny about that"
Andrea Constand, who was last seen by the jury when they confronted Cosby from the stand over two days, was present during the prosecution's speeches, sitting in the audience not far from the seven men and five women who will decide Cosby's fate. The panel sat listening raptly in the jury box.
"The law makes it very clear. The uncorroborated testimony of the victim alone is enough to convict the defendant, so if you believe Andrea Constand," said Feden, gesturing toward Cosby's main accuser who looked straight ahead with a stony gaze, "you need to convict."
Feden said the defense team embarked on "character assassination" of the five additional accusers who took the stand against Cosby, saying the "shameful" attacks and questions are "the exact reason" sexual assault victims rarely report their assailants to authorities.
Defense lawyer Kathleen Bliss perpetuated "rape myths" to the jury by suggesting that victims of sexual assault bear some responsibility for being victimized, Feden argued.
Feden, at times, mocked Bliss by putting on a fake high-pitched voice and imitating their line of questions in a derisive tone.
Then they shot a look at Cosby and accused them of smirking.
"There's nothing funny about stripping a woman of their decency. There's nothing funny about that, Mr. Cosby," Feden yelled.
At that, rows of journalists stood up and tried to catch a glimpse of Cosby, who appeared expressionless.
Prosecutors projected old photographs of first woman to testify against Cosby. The wide-eyed, youthful glam shots of the woman, Heidi Thomas, taken decades ago when they were a promising young actor. The image accompanied a play-by-play description of what Thomas said happened to her: they were drugged and sexually assaulted by Cosby at a secluded ranch house in Nevada that they visited under the guise of private acting lessons.
With the innocent photographs of Thomas as a backdrop, Feden said Cosby's attack was no mistake: Cosby groomed and preyed on other young women the same way. They made some of the same promises of career opportunities to them before they molested them, sometimes in similar locations, such as private hotel suites, Feden said. All along, they said, Cosby assumed their victims would be too afraid to ever report them to authorities.
"It's the same con, ladies and gentlemen, just a different day," they said.
Cosby, facing the jury during this moment, shook their head in disagreement.
Some of the most convincing evidence in the case, Feden told jurors, is contained in Cosby's own words, excerpted from a civil deposition they gave as a part of Constand's civil lawsuit in federal court. In it, Cosby says they do not remember ever asking Constand for permission before they carried out sex acts on them in their Cheltenham mansion in early 2004.
"You knew that it wasn't consensual because of their words," Feden said. "You know it wasn't consensual because of the pattern. The MO," they said, referring to Cosby's alleged modus operandi of drugging and molesting women. "And you know it wasn't consensual because of the testimony of Andrea Constand."
In finishing up the government's closing, prosecutor M. Stewart Ryan picked up where Feden left off. They were interrupted a handful of times with objections from the defense team.
"I wonder what they're so worried about," Ryan replied after the fourth objection.
"I wonder what we'll have to correct," Bliss countered.
Judge Steven O'Neill told both sides to settle down, reminding the court that they will address objections to closing statements later.
"Biggest highway robberies of all time"
Earlier, Cosby's lawyers told the jury in the entertainer's retrial that Constand is a "pathological liar" whose story of "so-called assault" is so replete with inconsistencies that it cannot be trusted.
"In a case like this, credibility becomes everything," defense attorney Tom Mesereau told the jury in closing arguments Tuesday morning. "There are so many big lies, they get lost. The number of lies starts to drown others out."
Flipping through a PowerPoint presentation, Mesereau walked jurors through what they said are a dozen instances of Constand lying about their relationship with Cosby — and about what Mesereau described as their motive to milk Cosby for a financial settlement.
They pointed out discrepancies over things such as how long Constand had known Cosby; whether Constand had ever flirted with the comedian; and what they said were fibs about wearing a cashmere sweater Cosby gave them as a gift.
The nearly $3.4 million Constand received as part of a previously confidential civil settlement they reached with Cosby in 2006 was long the aim of Cosby's chief accuser, they told jurors.
"She took the money, ran with the money. Them mom got money, their father got money. They're all part of the settlement agreement," Mesereau said. "It's one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
The other women who confronted Cosby in court were driven by the desire for publicity and money, Cosby's defense lawyers said, taking direct aim at the #MeToo movement. Attorney Kathleen Bliss said "mob rule is not due process," adding that the claims of more than 60 women who have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct have been tantamount to a "lynching," or a "witch hunt."
"When you join a movement based mostly on emotion and anger, you don't change a damn thing," Bliss told jurors. "Questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim. Gut feelings are not rational decisions."
For more than two weeks, Cosby's defense has focused on the argument that Constand is a "con artist" who sought to extort Cosby for a payout. In closing arguments, however, lawyers harkened back to a point made repeatedly by their defense team during the entertainer's first trial in June 2017: that Constand was always romantically interested in Cosby.
For proof, Mesereau pointed to "at least 100 calls" Constand placed after the alleged assault in January 2004.
Constand, who worked for Temple University's basketball team at the time, has said that the calls were about business, since Cosby was a powerful university trustee heavily involved with the school's sports teams.
"This is a personal, intimate relationship, not basketball," Mesereau said. "Constand placed twice the number of calls than they did to her, demonstrating their pursuit of him."
Camille Cosby, the entertainer's wife of more than five decades, made their first appearance Tuesday during the retrial. They walked up to their husband, kissed and embraced him. Wearing a bright yellow and orange dress, they took a seat in the first row and remained stoic throughout the proceeding.
In an unusual move, the defense team split the two-hour-long closing speech between Bliss and Mesereau.
Bliss reminded the jury about the defense team's star witness, Margo Jackson, a former colleague of Constand's who claims Constand confided that they wanted to fabricate a story of sexual assault in order to try to shake down a celebrity for money.
"You would've thought they would've done something to check them out," said Bliss, indicting that prosecutors ignored Jackson in their investigation. "Who are you going to believe? A well-educated ... woman who works at Temple and who counsels students and has a background in psychology?" Bliss asked the jury. "Or Andrea Constand, who was running a pyramid scheme at the same time?"
Bliss then spoke to the jury about Gianna Constand, the mother of the accuser, who testified in the case and played for the court a recording they made of Cosby apologizing, saying they would like to set up an educational fund for Constand as long as they maintained a 3.0 average.
"Yes, they feel badly. He's 30 years older than they are. He's got this mother accusing him, yelling at him, whatever they were doing," Bliss said. "He's also worried about extortion."
Mesereau, after describing the high bar to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt, delivered their final line to the jury of seven men and five women who will soon decide Cosby's fate.
"He must walk out of here free," Mesereau said. "He's an 80-year-old man. He's had a distinguished career. He's made some mistakes for sure, but they are no criminal."
Prosecutors next will deliver their final remarks to jurors in a case that could send Cosby to prison for the rest of their life.
Last June, a different jury could not decide on Cosby's fate following 52 hours of closed-door deliberations about the case.
VOL. 41 | NO. 6 | Friday, February 10, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — Tennessee's two U.S. senators are hoping to get the federal government to honor a Knoxville soldier who is credited with saving the lives of more than 200 Jewish Americans during World War II.
Sens. Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker filed legislation Monday to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sgt. Roddie Edmonds, news outlets reported. The two Republicans were joined on the legislation by two Democrats: Sens. Tim Kaine of Virginia and Ben Cardin of Maryland.
Edmonds was the highest-ranking noncommissioned officer at a German prisoner-of-war camp in January 1945 when they rejected a Nazi order to single out Jewish prisoners.
Edmonds ordered more than 1,000 Americans captives to step forward with them and brazenly pronounced: "We are all Jews here."
The Nazi officer pressed their pistol to Edmonds' head, but they didn't waver, and their captors eventually backed down after Edmonds warned they would be prosecuted for war crimes.
"Even when faced with death himself, Master Sgt. Edmonds and the men under their command stood united to protect their fellow soldiers," Corker said. "His moral fortitude and humility serve as an example for us all."
Edmonds, who died in 1985, has never been formally recognized by the U.S. government. Last year Israel awarded them the Righteous Among Nations award, the highest honor that Israel bestows upon non-Jews. At the awards ceremony, held at the Embassy of Israel in Washington, then-President Barack Obama praised Edmonds for going "above and beyond the call of duty."
Edmonds' son, Chris Edmonds of Maryville, told The Commercial Appeal (http://memne.ws/2l7MYRf ) that the family is thrilled they are being considered for the Congressional Gold Medal.
"The lives they saved — I know those families, and to see their smiles and to know their contributions to the world, that's our greatest reward," they said.
WA celebrate after beating the Allies in their final game of the AFL under-18 championships.
The BBC has experimented with Alexa skills before, including hosting a radio play you can interact with through an Amazon Echo or other Alexa-enabled device. However, its latest skill is more fully fledged and enables you to listen to live radio shows and its entire line-up of podcasts on demand, started by using your voice.
The BBC skill is available to download and enable now. Once enabled through the Alexa app on your smartphone or tablet, you can ask an Echo device for a specific BBC Radio station or podcast. You can also ask for "previous" episodes, which will then play if available.
Other commands that work include: "play", "pause" and "resume".
There are 10 national, six UK and 40 local radio stations on offer, plus thousands of hours of podcasts currently on the service. Indeed, 240 million podcasts were downloaded via other apps or online portals in the last year alone.
"Smart speakers are an exciting new way of interacting with audio content. They're a natural fit for the BBC as millions of people enjoy and rely on our audio programmes every day," said Matthew Postgate, the BBC's chief technology and product officer.
"Today we're making sure audiences can find what they love from the BBC on any device they use, through one single and easy-to-use service. But there's potential to do more and we're just scratching the surface."
Support for other voice assistants, including Google Assistant, is planned for the future.
Was Belgian suspect planning new London outrage?
14/6/17 - A 20-year-old Macedonian man formerly staying in a psychiatric hospital has now been identified as a terrorist suspect and has been put in jail. Police discovered he'd been searching how to make a bomb on the internet. The Macedonian had also booked a trip to London.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Was Belgian suspect planning new London outrage?
14/6/17 - A 20-year-old Macedonian man formerly staying in a psychiatric hospital has now been identified as a terrorist suspect and has been put in jail. Police discovered he'd been searching how to make a bomb on the internet. The Macedonian had also booked a trip to London.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A big row has blown up over cash councillors can spend on improving roads on their patch.
The Conservatives who run Gloucestershire County Council have taken aim at some Liberal Democrats who have not spent £30,000 each councillor is allocated to fill potholes or improve road safety.
But one of the Lib Dems has spent their allocation and the two others attacked the Tories' policy which they said does not address the massive pothole problem in the county.
Gloucestershire County Council is 118th in a league table of 214 local authorities for filling potholes - out of 2,326 potholes reported, only 19 per cent have been filled.
Last month the cabinet member for roads, Vernon Smith, said Gloucestershire's A, B and C roads are improving and said the pothole repair backlog has reduced from £120million to £80million.
At a meeting at Shire Hall this week, it was revealed some councillors have made no plans to spend the money they were allocated last year to repair roads in their area.
One Lib Dem Chris Coleman, has not spent any and the Tories said that three other councillors, two Lib Dems and a Conservative have more £5,000 in funds to spend. It was claimed that Cheltenham Liberal Democrat Suzanne Williams has £5,000 to spend but Shire Hall officials confirmed that they had, but Cotswold Liberal Democrat Nigel Robbins has not.
The Conservative county councillor for Winchcombe, Roger Wilson, has £5,524 remaining – which the Tories say they plan to allocate to a parking scheme in the village's town centre – which because of timescales, requires rolling over into next year.
Mr Coleman said the huge backlog of £80million needs to be dealt with and giving councillors £30,000 a year does not go anywhere near far enough to deal with the problem.
"The reality is that Gloucestershire's roads are in a shocking state," they said.
"Giving all the councillors £30,000 won't deal with that and that's what the Tory council needs to do.
"If the money is there I will spend it on schemes people tell me they need but I don't agree with the way this is being done."
They said three schemes they had asked for - a no-entry to a rat run in Alstone, a crossing at Cheltenham railway station and a pedestrian refuge in St George's Road had not been actioned. However it is understood those schemes would cost more than £30,000 each.
Mr Robbins said they are keeping some money back to deal with roads damaged by the recent bad weather.
Conservatives are calling on the other councillors with money outstanding to explain why they've not spent the sum – particularly as the deadline for councillors to suggest ideas was the end of September 2017 – four months ago.
Councillor Vernon Smith, cabinet member for roads, said: “People tell me the state of our roads is a really important issue for them.
"That's why the Conservatives plan to invest more money than ever before, £150million over five years, to deliver Gloucestershire's biggest ever resurfacing programme.
"But we need transparency about what's happening now. Those councillors who've not allocated this money need to take the opportunity to explain to the public why that is.
"That's particularly true for parties trying to make party political points about potholes, when their own councillors don't seem to have allocated the roads funding they're responsible for on time."
Highways Local Budget as of January 16, 2018
Councillor 1. Complete 2. Planned 3. Unallocated
Allaway-Martin £2,000.00 £28,000.00 £0.00
Awford £23,000.00 £7,000.00 £0.00
Babbage £0.00 £30,000.00 £0.00
Bird £5,300.00 £24,700.00 £0.00
Boyles £1,500.00 £28,500.00 £0.00
Brown £13,000.00 £17,000.00 £0.00
Coleman £0.00 £0.00 £30,000.00
Cordwell £22,000.00 £8,000.00 £0.00
Cromwell £27,000.00 £3,000.00 £0.00
Davies £11,000.00 £19,000.00 £0.00
Dobie £18,000.00 £12,000.00 £0.00
Fisher £22,000.00 £8,000.00 £0.00
Gravells £7,808.40 £22,191.60 £0.00
Haigh £23,137.43 £6,862.57 £0.00
Hale £19,500.00 £10,500.00 £0.00
Harman £30,000.00 £0.00 £0.00
Harris £10,500.00 £19,500.00 £0.00
Hawthorne £1,300.00 £28,700.00 £0.00
Hay £10,000.00 £20,000.00 £0.00
Hilton £23,091.51 £6,908.49 £0.00
Hirst £23,000.00 £7,000.00 £0.00
Hodgkinson £14,500.00 £17,000.00 -£1,500.00
Miller £30,000.00 £0.00 £0.00
Molyneux £13,910.75 £16,089.25 £0.00
Moor £3,500.00 £26,500.00 £0.00
Morgan £2,500.00 £27,500.00 £0.00
Norman £17,000.00 £13,000.00 £0.00
Oosthuysen £4,000.00 £26,000.00 £0.00
Parsons £15,500.00 £14,500.00 £0.00
Patel £0.00 £30,000.00 £0.00
Patrick £20,000.00 £10,000.00 £0.00
Payne £3,000.00 £27,000.00 £0.00
Preest £22,100.00 £7,900.00 £0.00
Rippington £5,300.00 £24,700.00 £0.00
Robbins £10,000.00 £15,000.00 £5,000.00
Robinson, B £30,000.00 £0.00 £0.00
Robinson, S £8,200.00 £21,800.00 £0.00
Smith, R £10,600.00 £19,400.00 £0.00
Smith, V £10,400.00 £19,600.00 £0.00
Stowe £10,500.00 £19,500.00 £0.00
Sudbury £2,000.00 £28,000.00 £0.00
Theodoulou £20,000.00 £10,000.00 £0.00
Tipper £19,000.00 £11,000.00 £0.00
Tracey £12,500.00 £17,500.00 £0.00
Vines £30,000.00 £0.00 £0.00
Ward £5,000.00 £25,000.00 £0.00
Wheeler £15,000.00 £15,000.00 £0.00
Williams, J £0.00 £30,000.00 £0.00
Williams, K £25,000.00 £5,000.00 £0.00
Williams, L £0.00 £30,000.00 £0.00
Williams, S £0.00 £25,000.00 £5,000.00
Wilson £2,986.00 £21,490.00 £5,524.00
Windsor-Clive £29,000.00 £1,000.00 £0.00
Grand Total £684,634.09 £861,341.91 £44,024
WASHINGTON, April 6 President Donald Trump promised to label China a currency manipulator on their first day in office, but after 77 days, their administration is touting a new term: "currency misalignment."
An administration official told Reuters on Thursday that the administration views "misalignment" as more significant than "currency manipulation" as a cause of trade deficits, signaling another step away from a manipulator designation against China next week.
"The term currency manipulation doesn't fully encompass the currency movements that concern us," the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
Several foreign exchange policy experts have told Reuters that Trump's Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, looked unlikely to label China as a currency manipulator in a semi-annual currency report due April 14.
China meets only one of three thresholds needed for that determination - its high trade surplus with the United States.
The experts said major changes to the thresholds would be needed to label China a manipulator when it is intervening in currency markets to prop up its yuan instead of pushing it down, and its global current account surplus shrank to 1.8 percent last year, well below the current 3 percent threshold.
Such changes would also likely ensnare South Korea, Taiwan and other countries in manipulator designations.
A weak currency helps support a country's exports by making products cheaper for buyers in other countries.
The official's comments suggest the Trump administration will put more emphasis on a 90-day study of trade abuses, including currency misalignments, than on the currency report.
"Currency misalignment is different from currency manipulation and currency undervaluation," the official said. "So we want to see a process of analyzing currency situations that includes whether it's misaligned, not just whether it's devalued or manipulated."
In unveiling the trade abuses study last week, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said misalignment can occur when a currency moves outside its normal valuation range, which could occur because of manipulation or because of other, unintentional factors.
They cited the Mexican peso's sharp fall in response to Trump's election last year as an example of a misaligned currency. The peso fell nearly 17 percent against the dollar after the election, but has recovered most of that loss, trading at 18.76 to the dollar on Thursday, about 2.5 percent below the pre-election level.
"You can have a misaligned currency that's very damaging to a trade relationship even if it's not manipulated or devalued," the administration official said. (Reporting by David Lawder; Additional reporting by David Brunnstrom and Matt Spetalnick; Editing by Leslie Adler)
By Fr. G. Corwin Stoppel
A few years ago Pat and I visited a small farming village as part of an art and writing tour of southern France. It was centuries old and hadn't changed all that much.
It was a picturesque setting with the exception of fresh-smelling barnyard fertilizer piles sitting on the street in front of houses. You could “scents” them from 100 yards downwind. My Limburger cheese, onion, sardine and garlic paté smells better.
I found these a peculiar sort of lawn accessory. Our guide explained these piles were a source of pride; the bigger they were, the more animals the homeowner had to make them, implying more wealth. As much as I love France, this is one tradition I hope never takes hold here.
Few fall tasks are more mindless and mind-numbing that raking or blowing leaves. I've been doing it since Ike was in the White House and it's beginning to lose its charm.
For hours on end I rake or blow leaves, convey them to the curb and repeat. It's the sort of task where songs get stuck in my head. I'm tempted to fantasize about how I wish I'd given someone a piece of my mind a decade ago, even if most folks my age don't have brain cells to spare.
I start yearning for those nonexistent Good Old Days when a couple energetic youngsters would magically turn up, rakes in hand and offer to do the job for a few dollars. Lawn services do a great job but can be pricey, so I'd regret having spent so much hard-earned money on sports equipment collecting cobwebs in the garage.
I was engaged in this yearly ritual a few days ago when I started thinking about homeowners in that French village who set out manure piles to show how industrious they were. I had not just my leaf pile, but leaves from my neighbors' trees that had trespassed onto our lawn.
Never mind! I set to work and soon had a pile so big it warranted a glance down the street to see who among us had the biggest. Not only was I moving up in the rankings, it was possible I could claim first-place honors — although likely no one else was competing.
At the very least, I was hopeful Scott would turn up with their camera for a photo-op resulting in an above-the-fold headline “Big Leaf Pile Up on Mason Street.”
My triumph, alas, was short-lived. The wind shifted and my pile started dwindling as errant leaves took flight across the street. My only hope was that the wind would change overnight so I could start over again the next day and have an even bigger pile.
It didn't work out that way. The leaves across the street were pushed out to the curb in a huge pile, and before they had a chance to migrate back our way our intrepid public works employees scooped them up, and hauled them off.
As Cubs baseball fans said for over a century, “Wait until next year.”
New Zealand photographer Damon Bay is shining an outsider's eye on Japan's countryside. He's reimagining an ancient art form to showcase the beauty in everyday landscapes, according to Hiroyuki Tanaka, a journalist for Japanese broadcaster, NHK World.
Bay says he's inspired by traditional hanging scrolls, known as kakejiku. They call their works, “photojiku.”
Bay has been photographing Japan since arriving in the country in 1991. They focus on the semi-rural areas called “satoyama.”
“This satoyama environment can be only seen is in Japan,” they say. “I really like that the natural environment coexists with where people live.”
“I think many Japanese people are not aware of just how beautiful Japanese countryside is,” says Damon. “I want to show my photos in a different way from usual, because I want to create a fresh take on this beauty.” The elegant form of Bay's photo scrolls brings life to landscapes where town meets country, and a Western eye meets Japanese tradition.
Bay held an exhibition of works in August in Chiba, Japan.
Original article by Hiroyuki Tanaka, NHK World, September 28, 2017.
Photo by Damon Bay.
Tierney Sneed contributed reporting.
To enter the U.S. Capitol, one must walk through a metal detector, flash an ID badge, put any bags or purses through a scanner and pass several armed police officers. Outside those marble halls, however, hundreds of members of Congress and their staff have no security whatsoever—unless they hold one of a handful of leadership positions.
“When we're off Capitol Hill, we don't have anyone watching our backs,” Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA) observed Wednesday. “It's not hard for one person who is unhinged to do something pretty dangerous.”
The only reason Capitol Police officers were on duty at congressional Republicans' baseball practice Wednesday morning at a public field in Alexandria, Virginia when a gunman opened fire was the presence of GOP Whip Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA), who was shot and remains in critical condition in a Washington, D.C. hospital.
“If Steve Scalise's detail had not been there, God, it could have been truly horrible, even worse,” a subdued and somber Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-NM) told TPM.
As Congress reeled after the shooting, several members voiced a desire for additional security measures. One Republican lawmaker vowed to start carrying their firearm “in my pocket from this day forward” (carrying a gun into the Capitol is prohibited). But many other members from both parties warned against tightening security in response to the morning's tragedy, stressing the importance of allowing free and open interactions with the public—even angry constituents.
“I wouldn't want to see an overreaction that insulates members of Congress from what we've been experiencing back home—the rather unvarnished and rough forms of communication that are ultimately helpful and allow us to feel what people are feeling,” Rep. Mark Sanford (R-SC) told reporters, referencing the raucous town halls they and other lawmakers held in the lead-up to the passage of the House GOP's Obamacare repeal bill. “If you take that away, we will lose something as a deliberative body. And if you have people with an earpiece standing right behind you at all times, that will happen.”
Sanford said they would leave decisions about security changes to the wisdom of the Capitol Police, but expressed skepticism that anything could guarantee safety for lawmakers.
“If there's a nut out there, they're always going to be able to find a way to get to you,” they said.
Others, including Rep. Martha McSally (R-AZ), said there are concrete steps lawmakers could take to protect themselves, especially in light of an increase in threats since last year.
“In early May—an this is an on-going legal process—an individual was arrested by the FBI in Tucson for three separate messages with very specific threats on my life,” McSally told reporters Wednesday. They said after that happened, they asked the Capitol Police to conduct a safety assessment of their offices, which is a service available to all lawmakers.
Rep. Rubén Gallego (D-AZ), who says they too have received death threats, noted that “a lot of members were asking for changes” following the shooting.
“Like the ability to actually use campaign dollars to pay for security at their homes, increasing our budgets so we can actually be in secure locations, so we can rent some places that have good security” for campaign events and town halls, they said. “Everyone is getting a bunch of death threats right now, so everyone was just commenting on how that's an issue.”
In the wake of the violence and stepped up security on Capitol Hill, Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) told reporters they would personally look into the Capitol Police's budget.
“It's a good time to revisit: are we adequately supporting the Capitol Police in terms of the equipment they have and in terms of their communications ability and those subjects?” they said.
The debate comes just one day after the Senate Rules Committee and the Radio-TV gallery attempted to implement rules restricting reporters from filming impromptu interviews in the hallways of the Capitol and office buildings—a change floated in the name of lawmaker safety that was quickly scuttled after a widespread outcry.
Yet Capitol Police stressed at an all-members briefing Wednesday morning that nothing can take the place of plain, old-fashioned vigilance, offering the “old adage: if you see something, say something,” according to McSally.
“Sharing any early indication that something just doesn't look right can really allow security officials to get ahead of a threatening situation,” they said.
Other lawmakers, including Rep. Al Green (D-TX), expressed concern for the staff back in their home district offices, who have no security at all. Green's office has received a wave of death threats following their announcement that they would draft articles of impeachment for President Donald Trump.
“They don't have the protection that we have here,” they said. “You cant get in without being searched, and at most of them, there is no police protection available.”
Rep. Joe Crowley (D-NY) expressed similar worries, saying that unlike lawmakers, whose “shtick is to draw attention to ourselves,” congressional aides quietly put themselves at risk.
“I have more concern about the safety of my staff, quite frankly, than myself personally,” they said. “I've been questioning our folks up in New York about whether they feel secure or not. Our office is a fairly open office. You can just walk in.”
But like Sanford, Crowley seemed resigned to some level of uncertainty in a chaotic world.
“Can you really prepare for everything? The answer is no,” they said.
Michael A. MacDowell Estero President emeritus of Misericordia University (Photo: Daily News file)
A recent Wall Street Journal/NBC News survey shows that the public is losing faith in the value of a college education.
Skepticism about higher education is most prevalent among adults without college degrees who have never taken college courses and who live in rural areas. Republicans and people who identify themselves as poor or working class are more likely to say they don't believe a college degree is worthwhile.
On the other hand, more women than men have faith in the value of a college education as do urban residents and Democrats who consider themselves middle and upper class.
The primary reason cited by those who have diminished opinions about college is cost. This opinion is bolstered by increasing college tuition in recent years and by student debt, which has surged to $1.3 trillion. In short, the general public, prospective students and their parents are questioning the return on investment of a college degree.
Despite the hefty price tag, an investment on a college degree still makes a great deal of sense. On average, college graduates earn 56 percent more over their working years than nongraduates. While the return on investment for a college education has diminished slightly since the Great Recession, total earnings for college graduates range between $850,000 and $1 million more in real income over a lifetime.
The unemployment rate for college graduates is 2.7 percent while those without a college degree face a 5 percent unemployment rate. During the Great Recession, the difference in unemployment between college and noncollege unemployment was greater.
Society benefits from college graduates. Those with degrees pay more taxes, are less of a drain on social services and are more philanthropically inclined than individuals without a college education.
Students and parents are indeed correct to worry about the cost of a higher education, but there are simple things that help reduce these costs:
+ Graduate in four years. If you think the cost of higher education for one year is expensive, try adding an extra year or two. Not only will you pay more for room and board for the extra years, but you will forgo the opportunity of earning a salary for those years you are still in college.
+ Check out the average time-to-degree completion at a college. The Department of Education publishes time-to-graduation rates for all institutions, but reports them as six-year rates. Make sure you ask for a college's four-year graduation rate.
+ Don't take courses in your major early in your college career. Changing majors may result in lost credits for courses that don't count as part of the graduation requirements for your new major.
+ If you think you might transfer, make sure you get in writing the courses the institution to which you are transferring will accept.
+ If at all possible, don't work more than l8 hours a week when you are in college. Studies show that working more than 18 hours weekly adds to graduation time.
+ Above all, don't live like you have a job when you are in college. If you do, you'll have to live like you are in college when you have a job.
Colleges and universities also need to redouble their efforts to keep costs down and quality up, and they need to do one more thing.
Occasionally those associated with higher education publicly profess opinions that run counter to the mainstream values of Americans. In my many years in higher education, I have always found the clear majority of faculty, staff and students to be level-headed and fair-minded. However, they often hesitate to speak out when colleagues, who are less so, advance ideas that diminish the credibility of their institution and higher education in general.
With opinion about higher education on the decline, can those in academe continue to be oblivious to what the public thinks of us? This doesn't mean that academics should give up the spirit of inquiry and debate that helps shape opinions. It does mean, however, that a modicum of self-control should be exercised when it comes to publicly engaging in visible and controversial issues.
MacDowell is president emeritus of Misericordia University and managing director of the Calvin K. Kazanjian Economics Foundation.
Guest commentaries
A guest commentary can be 675 words or fewer on a topical subject. Authors must have considerable experience, public involvement or expertise in the subject matter. A guest commentary may be returned to the author with a recommendation to resubmit it as a Letter to the Editor within the guidelines for letters. It is recommended that authors receive preclearance before submission; call 239-435-3457.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/opinion/contributors/2017/10/06/commentary-value-college-education-questioned/721618001/
EJR Radio and Club NL co hosts event at Amsterdam Dance Event with a live broadcast featuring legendary deejays and vocalist with headliner Deejay Todd Terry.
Contact
MIMAS Agency
mimasagency@ gmail.com
***@gmail.com MIMAS Agencymimasagency@gmail.com
End
-- EJR Radio - Music In motion based in Amsterdam, The Netherlands announced a new show at Amsterdam Dance Event at Club NL in Amsterdam. The show will feature live deejay / producers and vocalists and will take place October 18, 2017A collaboration with Club NL, EJR Radio will live stream the event in real time through its four year old digital platform, EJR Radio. Performers featured include, Todd Terry, MING, Terri B!, Jolyon Petch, Eric Redd, FENIX and local talent Baas Boven Baas, Georgio Weiss with Project 89. Carrillo Music based wcj in the USA is the Exclusive Radio Sponsor for the event.The event is an official ADE event and will take place on October 18, 2017 beginning at 11:00 pm.EJR Radio - Music In Motion is based in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and is owned by Deejay Ap Stooker. EJR Radio is a platform for housemusic and electronic dance music deejays, vocalists and producers from around the world and live streams a roster of over 50 from over 10 countries.Information can be found at http://www.ejrradio.com/
STATEMENT BY THE SAINT LUCIA LABOUR PARTY'S SPOKESMAN ON HEALTH, FISHERIES, AGRICULTURE AND FOOD PRODUCTION HON MOSES JN BAPTISTE ON ST.JUDE HOSPITAL AT THE SLP'S PRESS CONFERENCE, MAY 30TH 2018
THE SAINT LUCIA LABOUR PARTY REJECTS THE DECISION OF THE UWP GOVERNMENT TO PROCEED WITH A ‘HALF HOSPITAL' AT ST.JUDE.
Ladies and Gentlemen of the press people of Saint Lucia at home and all over the world who have joined us online greetings to you. I trust that you and family are well.
On May 28th 2018, Minister of Economic Affairs in Saint Lucia Hon. Guy Joseph addressed members of the press and the people of Saint Lucia on the burning issue of the St. Jude Rehabilitation Project, the Owen King EU hospital privatization controversy and the hotly debated issue of Health Insurance for Saint Lucians.
The Minister indicated that many reports have been commissioned or have been completed. I quote the Minister,
“We have done a number of assessments. The final report from the audit report came in. There is a document coming to cabinet this morning for decisions on this matter. Once that decision has gone through the cabinet process, further details would be released to the public on this matter. “
The Minister still announces that a complete statement will be forthcoming from the Prime Minister. Last week the Minister presented a statement to Parliament merely repeating the rumors and innuendoes of the past two years. Nothing on the way forward. They stated the Prime Minister will make a statement. After this latest Press Conference, the Minister still says the Prime Minister will make a statement. Meanwhile the Prime Minister is in Estonia with Hon. Ubaldus Raymond attending an E-Government Conference. Is the state of our health system not more important than travelling around the world to a Conference?
Firstly, the Saint Lucia Labour Party finds it unacceptable that the UWP Government for almost two years continues to procrastinate on the matter of the rehabilitation of the St. Jude hospital. Cabinet meetings still need to be held, reports are still being commissioned even after over one million dollars of tax payers hard earned money had been spent to produce a report.
Secondly, we ask all Saint Lucians to note the words of the Minister. The Minister refers to
“components of the buildings that can be used which will be incorporated into a new St. Jude moving forward”.
They further state that
“others that cannot be used for the layout of the Hospital, we will look at the other means or other purposes for which they can be used”.
It is very clear to us and to Saint Lucians that the UWP Government intends to use only part of the St. Jude Hospital Rehabilitation Project site for our hospital.
The Saint Lucia Labour Party rejects the decision of the UWP Government as announced by the Minister!
The people of the South deserve a complete St Jude Hospital as designed and for which financing was sought and for which financing is still available. The people of Saint Lucia need a full St. Jude Hospital not a “half St. Jude Hospital”. No part of our St. Jude Hospital should be handed over to any other private entity. If the Government has made a commitment to any foreign business, the agreement should be cancelled.
The Minister has indicated that there are buildings that are unsuitable. There must be an open and transparent process to determine the assertions of the Minister on this matter. This process must include the SLMDA, architects, engineers, and southern stakeholders. Further, the government must tell the people of Saint Lucia what “other purposes” they intend to use our hospital for.
Thirdly, Minister Guy Joseph tried to once again confuse the people of Saint Lucia by indicating that
“It was never our intention to abandon the St. Jude site.”
Statements and actions of the government for almost two years pointed directly to the government's intention to either “demolish” or abandon the St. Jude Reconstruction Project. Formal statements had also been made by the Minister for Health and other Government Ministers on the government's intention to hand over our St. Jude Hospital to a medical school and to build a new Hospital near the Brewery. That is public record. There is no need for such blatant dishonesty in Government.
The Saint Lucia Labour Party dismisses the Ministers account and confidently asserts that it is the strong will and actions of Saint Lucians including the work of the medical professionals, the Medical and Dental Association, Saint Lucians living abroad and the work of the Saint Lucia Labour Party that has caused the government to seemingly indicate a change of course on the St. Jude matter. We do not however believe that the government has in any fundamental way changed its true intentions on St. Jude and that is we believe to house a medical school on the compound of the hospital. This Government has also continued to display blatant disrespect to foreign donors as with the case of the Meat Processing Facility in Beausejour which was built with over 12 million dollars from the Taiwanese people. Now that fully equipped facility has been abandoned for the DSH project. The notion therefore that the St. Jude project will be continued because of donor assistance does not hold.
Fourthly, Minister Joseph indicated that there will be no privatization of the Owen King EU hospital simply because the buildings will still belong to the people of Saint Lucia. This statement shows the disrespect and disregard that the UWP government has for the hardworking people of Saint Lucia. A hospital building that has its services managed and operated by a foreign corporate private business for a fee still privatization!!!
The Saint Lucia Labour Party calls on the government to dialogue with the professionals and representatives of civil society in Saint Lucia on the matter of the operations and management of Owen King EU hospital.
We do not and will not accept the privatization of the operations and management of Owen King EU! We believe that there are enough trained and skilled Saint Lucians who are capable of managing our health care system. Whilst we may need from time to time specialized consultancies and technical assistance, we do not need to engage a foreign entity operating for profit to operate and manage our hospitals.
While we note the appointment of a Board in the Gazette that does not guarantee that our services will not be privatized. Confusion still remains on the issue of Owen King EU Hospital, it is this same government which indicated the intention to privatize, then establish a PPP now a joint-venture. It is very clear that the intention of the government is to deliberately confuse the Saint Lucian people and as a result hope that we will cease our agitation for correct decisions on healthcare in Saint Lucia. I assure the Government that this will not be the case we will continue to insist that the Owen king EU Hospital not be privatized.
Fifthly, the Minister announced that a National Health Insurance will be introduced by April 1 of 2019. The Saint Labour Party notes that the Government has had engagements with a number of foreign companies and this action clearly indicates that the government intends to hand over our health insurance to private interests which operate for profit. We are the Party of Universal Health Care. With the assistance of the European Union, PAHO and local stakeholders extensive work was done on implementing a universal health care programme in Saint Lucia.
We have stated before, and wish to repeat, that we are in favour of Universal Health Care with coverage for all Saint Lucians but that we are in favour of Universal Health Care managed by a local national institution! If we can have the best National Insurance Scheme in the Caribbean, then we can set up a National Health Fund to finance our health system. We do not support the handing over of our health insurance to private entities whose first objective it to maximize profit. Any profit which is made should be ploughed back into the Saint Lucian managed and operated health fund for reinvestment in our health system.
This Government continues on a path that is not in the best interest of the public healthcare system and not in the best interest of Saint Lucians. This Government has gone to war with our medical professionals and with our engineers, they have declared open warfare on anyone any group who dares to disagree with them. We remain resolute in our view that the statement of Minister Guy Joseph raises more disturbing questions about the true intentions of the government for the St. Jude Rehabilitation Project and for the privatization of the Owen King EU Hospital.
Very importantly whilst all the talk and attention has been on St. Jude and OKEU, the Government refuses to focus on the plight of the people of Soufriere, tourists and surrounding communities who need the services of the Soufriere hospital. It's a tragedy to witness the difficulties that the people of Soufriere have to endure. After the first fire at the hospital, it is clear the Minister for Health did not take the necessary and adequate actions to safeguard the hospital. The current arrangements for public healthcare in Soufriere is equally unacceptable. We are calling on the Minister of Health to make a public statement on the Soufriere situation. Failing to do so, the Saint Lucia Labour Party will mobilize the people of Soufriere and other stakeholders to demand the Government provide attention to Soufriere.
Finally, the Minister's pronouncements that people who voice disagreement with them are destabilizing the country are arrogant and shows the dictatorial and vindictive attitude of this UWP government. The Saint Lucia Labour Party rejects the proposal to give the people of the south and Saint Lucia a ‘half St. Jude hospital', we continue to reject the privatization of the Owen King EU hospital, insist that the government pays more attention to the plight of the people who use the Soufriere hospital and call on all Saint Lucians to be even more resolute in our demands for the UWP government to put our people first.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
For a player who only made their Football League debut last year, Kyle Storer has taken on some impressive opponents in cup competitions.
They scored against Bournemouth and Norwich City for Tamworth, also playing against Stoke City, all in the FA Cup.
During their time with Kidderminster Harriers, Storer faced Peterborough United and Sunderland.
But the midfielder missed out on Cheltenham Town's League Cup trip to Newcastle United's St James' Park last season due to suspension, which means this year's televised second round match against West Ham United will be all the more special.
"It's a fantastic draw for us," Storer said. "The lads' initial reaction was that it was going to be away from home, but having it switched to our place means it'll be a sell out stadium and having it on TV is the icing on the cake against one of the biggest clubs.
"I've been to the FA Cup third and fourth round a few times and I know this will be another fantastic occasion."
Before West Ham visit on Wednesday week, Cheltenham play Swansea City's youngsters at home in the Checkatrade Trophy on Tuesday night and Carlisle United away in League Two on Saturday.
"We have our sights on the league game because that is our priority," Storer said.
Storer has been captain in Cheltenham's opening three games and they set up Mohamed Eisa's winning goal against Crawley Town on Saturday with a fine cross from the right that was headed into the net by the summer signing.
"I thought we were fantastic from start to finish on Saturday," Storer said.
"Crawley went more direct in the second half, but our back four and midfield were solid and Flatty (Jon Flatt) showed great hands as well.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"We had a huddle before the game and I aid what I needed to say, which was basically that a clean sheet wins us the game.
"In the previous two games, the performances had not been not bad, but we needed to shore things up and we were pleased with the clean sheet."
It was Eisa's fourth goal in three appearances for Cheltenham, since stepping up four levels from Isthmian League Division One Greenwich Borough.
"Mo is a livewire, who doesn't give midfielders a minute's piece," they said.
"He has had a fantastic start so they have to keep their feet on ground and see if it can continue."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLYMOUTH, Pa. -- A pregnant cat is recovering after someone shot them in the leg over the weekend – yet another act of animal cruelty in a Pennsylvania borough where residents are trying to track down the person responsible.
The friendly shorthaired cat named Pandora had already lost a lot of blood before they were found near an intersection in Plymouth Saturday, according to WNEP. They were rushed to Pittston Animal Hospital where Dr. Inayat Kathio and the veterinary staff managed to save their lives.
"(The) bullet…fractured the cat's long bone and a tendon and cut some blood vessels," Dr. Kathio explained. "It was infected, too, and if I didn't perform surgery, gangrene would've set in and the cat would have lost its leg and ultimately lost its life."
Dr. Kathio, who did emergency surgery on Pandora, is offering a $1,000 reward for more information on who shot Pandora.
"Do you realize the pain when the bullet hits bone and hit the tendon?" Dr. Kathio said. "The animal can feel the pain like we can feel the pain."
Dr. Kathio told WNEP they have treated six cats suffering from gunshot wounds this year, including three from Plymouth. They hope the reward will lead to justice for Pandora and the other cats.
"One was shot with an arrow from here, came out from the other side. Another cat's jaw was blown off."
Meet Pandora, found this weekend under a car with a bullet in their leg. After life-saving surgery this pregnant cat is recovering in Luzerne County.
Now there's a $1,000 reward for info. Full story later. pic.twitter.com/GZYodD16I3 — Allen Vickers (@AllenWNEP) May 29, 2018
Mary Fromel and Jeff Hollock are a part of "Whisker's World," a nonprofit animal rescue group. They were visiting family when they first saw the cat under a car.
"I stretched the leg out to see what kind of wound it was and the light so happened to catch a bullet sticking out of the leg," Fromel said.
The cat was found just under a car next to a tan brick wall on Parrish Street.
"I am angry," said Mary Fromel. "I am very angry that someone would go to this extent to harm an animal."
Pandora continues their post-surgery recovery at Pittston Animal Hospital, and Dr. Kathio said she's already able to walk, despite the severe injury.
Officials with Whisker's World tell WNEP they along with the SPCA are investigating this incident.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russian authorities will be trying to improve the living standards of the country's population, President Vladimir Putin said during their annual "Direct Line" call-in session on Thursday.
"In general, we will definitely try to achieve a situation which allows people to really feel a change for the better," Putin said.
According to Putin, the authorities have already indexed social pensions and made block payments to pensioners.
Work is also underway to raise Russia's minimum wage, the president added.
Russia has been hit by a downturn that began in early 2015 after falling oil prices and Western anti-Russia sanctions took bite. The country's GDP fell 3.7 percent in 2015, according to the Russian Federal Statistics Service Rosstat.
On April 18, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said in its World Economic Outlook report that Russian economic growth is expected to pick up in 2017 — 2018 and will reach 1.4 percent for both years.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi was feted in Australia with a military honor guard and 19-gun salute Monday as part of a state visit that has provoked protests over their response to their country's violent campaign against Rohingya Muslims.
Suu Kyi arrived in Sydney over the weekend for a summit of Southeast Asian leaders and their state visit officially began Monday, when they were welcomed to Parliament House in Canberra. Them visit comes as they face international criticism over what has become Asia's worst refugee crisis in decades.
More than 700,000 Rohingya have fled from Buddhist-majority Myanmar to neighboring Bangladesh since August, when the military responded to insurgent attacks on police with a clearance operation that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing. The campaign has included the burning of Rohingya villages, systematic rape, shootings and other rights violations.
There was no press conference with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull or any public comment from Suu Kyi during their brief visit to the capital on Monday. They had meetings with the prime minister and opposition leader.
Turnbull said Sunday that Suu Kyi had used the weekend summit to seek humanitarian help from their fellow members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and Australia to deal with the crisis.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak told the summit that the refugee crisis was no longer solely a domestic issue for Myanmar, as fleeing Rohingya could be prime targets for terrorist radicalization.
Myanmar staunchly denies that its security forces have targeted Rohingya civilians and Suu Kyi has bristled at the international criticism.
But Myanmar's denials have appeared increasingly tenuous as horrific accounts from refugees have accumulated and satellite imagery and other evidence of destroyed Rohingya villages have been assembled.
The Associated Press last month documented through video and witness accounts at least five mass graves of Rohingya civilians. Witnesses said the military used acid to erase the identity of victims. The government denied it, maintaining that only "terrorists" were killed and then "carefully buried."
Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace laureate, was a longtime political prisoner of Myanmar's former junta and frequently called for international intervention in their country during their almost 15 years under house arrest. They were released in 2010 and last visited Canberra in 2013 on an Australian tour, before they were allowed to stand for an election that their party eventually won in a landslide.
Then-Prime Minister Tony Abbott described them as an "icon of democracy" as they stood by their side at a joint press conference. Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Suu Kyi had inspired them to enter politics.
Suu Kyi's global image has since taken a battering. They have seen several international honors they were given in the past revoked. Several fellow Peace Prize winners have publicly condemned them
Though Suu Kyi has been the de facto head of Myanmar's civilian government since their party took power, they are limited in their control of the country by a constitution written by the outgoing junta. The military has effective veto power over all legislation and controls key ministries including those overseeing security and defense.
The military is in charge of operations involving the Rohingya and ending them is not up to Suu Kyi.
Yet even when Suu Kyi has spoken on the issue, they have drawn criticism. In a September speech, their first public comments on the crisis, they asked for patience from the international community and suggested the refugees were partly responsible.
Suu Kyi faces a potential domestic backlash if they speak on behalf of the Rohingya, who have been the target of anti-Muslim rhetoric. Many people agree with the official government stance that there is no such ethnicity as Rohingya and that those in the country have illegally migrated from Bangladesh.
Myanmar's backers globally have also had to tread carefully, not wanting to undermine Suu Kyi's weak civilian government at a time when the country is just emerging from decades of authoritarian rule.
Unlike the United Nations, United States and Britain, Australia has not accused Myanmar of "ethnic cleansing" or "crimes against humanity."
But Australia did support a U.N. resolution in December condemning the "very likely commission of crimes against humanity" by Myanmar security forces against Rohingya.
Human rights groups have criticized Australia for maintaining its limited military engagement with Myanmar. Australia provides English-language lessons and training courses to Myanmar officers to "promote professionalism and adherence to international laws," according to the defense department.
But Australia maintains a long-standing arms embargo with Myanmar.
Geraldton Forecast
Issued at 4.50 am today by the Bureau of Meteorology for the period until midnight Wednesday, June 6.
Forecast for the rest of today
Partly cloudy. High (80%) chance of showers, most likely during this afternoon and evening. The chance of a thunderstorm during this afternoon and early evening. Light winds becoming westerly 15 to 20 km/h in the middle of the day then becoming light in the early afternoon.
Showers. Possible storm. Max 25
Chance of any rain: 80%
Fire Danger: Low-Moderate
Sun protection 10:30am to 1:50pm, UV Index predicted to reach 4 [Moderate]
Friday, June 1
Partly cloudy. Medium (60%) chance of showers, most likely in the morning.
Light winds.
Shower or two. Min 10 Max 23
Possible rainfall: 0 to 1 mm Chance of any rain: 60%
Saturday, June 2
Mostly sunny. Light winds becoming southerly 20 to 25 km/h during the afternoon then tending southeasterly 15 to 25 km/h during the evening.
Mostly sunny. Min 8 Max 24
Chance of any rain: 5%
Sunday, June 3
Sunny. Light winds.
Sunny. Min 9 Max 26
Chance of any rain: 5%
Monday, June 4
Cloudy. High (70%) chance of showers, most likely later in the day. The chance of a thunderstorm. Light winds becoming northerly 20 to 30 km/h during the day.
Shower or two. Min 11 Max 26
Possible rainfall: 1 to 3 mm Chance of any rain: 70%
Tuesday, June 5
Cloudy. Very high (90%) chance of showers. The chance of a thunderstorm. Winds north to northeasterly 30 to 35 km/h increasing to 40 km/h before turning northwesterly 30 to 35 km/h later.
Showers. Becoming windy. Min 12 Max 25
Possible rainfall: 6 to 20 mm Chance of any rain: 90%
Wednesday, June 6
Cloudy. High (80%) chance of showers, most likely later in the day. Winds westerly 30 to 35 km/h.
Showers increasing. Min 12 Max 22
Possible rainfall: 2 to 6 mm Chance of any rain: 80%
TORONTO — Despite watching their team win 7-2 in Winnipeg to kick off the season, Mike Babcock wants to see improvements in Saturday's home opener against the New York Rangers.
The Maple Leafs coach reeled off how many penalties Toronto took Wednesday night, making for a rocky opening against the Jets.
Babcock wants to see what they call a commitment to doing things right.
It looks like defenceman Calle Rosen and centre Dominic Moore will come in Saturday for Andreas Borgman and Eric Fehr.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ARCHBALD -- Weeks after the last flakes melted, we're still feeling the effects of the Blizzard of 2017.
Some schools were in session Monday as they make up time lost because of the storm.
It looked like a normal day in the Valley View School District as students arrived for school, but this is not your typical day. Students were at school on Easter Monday because of the March blizzard.
Valley View saw four of five school days that week wiped out by two feet of snow.
Easter Monday, usually a day off, became a make-up day.
"It's not the greatest, but I'd rather be here now than in June, later in June, so I mean, it's not horrible," said junior Madison Cliff.
An informal survey shows Madison is like a lot of their classmates. They prefer being in school on Easter Monday rather than later in June.
There are dissenters, like Tyler Vessell.
"Most of the people want to get it over with, but I'd just rather be sleeping right now," Tyler said.
Not only did Easter break end early in the Valley View School District, it started late.
The district made up the four days lost to the blizzard. Students were in school on Holy Thursday and Easter Monday. A day off on the Friday before Memorial Day is canceled, and a teacher in-service day, set for June, is now a day for students, too.
That's OK with junior Angel Hunting, even though it did force some changes in Easter weekend plans.
"It's family weekend, you know? You want to spend time with the family, but you have to worry about coming to school."
Attendance on Monday was below normal. The district says 15 to 20 percent were absent. That number is usually five to ten percent.
If there are no more disruptions in the school year, graduation is still on track for its original date June 15.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
After a week of serious calls on Talkback 16, we end with some light-hearted comments about wardrobes and of course, our gold nice bell. Ding!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ESCONDIDO, Calif. -- Vandals used a BB gun to shoot at the windows of seven vehicles Monday night in Escondido, police said.
Investigators say just before midnight, a slow-moving car drove down Rock Spring Road, firing a high-powered air rifle through several driver's side windows.
Witnesses described the vandals' vehicle as a white, boxy car.
“I think these folks weren't planning on being dangerous but anything that can break glass can break the skin,” said Lt. Justin Murphy with the Escondido Police Department.
Investigators say the vandals caused roughly $2,500 in damages.
“I think what they did was terrible,” said resident Omar Rodriguez. “They were just creating chaos.”
Escondido police are checking into a few leads and are hopeful the vandals will brag about their exploits.
Josh Tomlin, who had been scheduled to start later in the series, pitched two perfect innings for the win as Francona ran out of relievers in a game started by their best pitcher.
Aaron Hicks hit a three-run homer off Kluber and Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird hit two-run shots for the Yankees, who may have caught a bad break before Lindor's homer.
New York's Aaron Judge went 0 for 3 and is hitless in seven at-bats in the series with five strikeouts.
The Yankees lost consecutive games for the first time since they were swept at home in a three-game series by the Indians from Aug. 28-30. Now, they need to sweep three in a row from Cleveland.
Down 8-3, facing New York's vaunted bullpen, the Indians came back.
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green, another one of the Yankees' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled. Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch.
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction — it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat.
Girardi said there wasn't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge. They said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting they should've contested the call, but it was too late.
"There was nothing that told us they were not hit by the pitch," Girardi said.
New York catcher Gary Sanchez said they heard something, but wasn't sure what. Sanchez caught the pitch on a fly — it would've been strike three if it had been ruled a foul tip — and immediately pointed to the Yankees dugout, indicating they should consider challenging the call.
Girardi nodded and held up a finger, asking for time to make a decision.
"I didn't think it hit him, because they never reacted," Sanchez said through a translator. "He stood there. But it's just stuff that happens in the game."
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7. Before they left the batter's box, Lindor gave their shot some help.
"As soon as I hit it, I knew it had a chance of going out," Lindor said. "Then after a couple of steps, I was like, 'No, don't go foul, please. Just stay fair.' I started blowing on it a little bit. As soon as it went out, it was just a lot of emotions.
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland's first post-season slam since Jim Thome in 1999, Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman, then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees.
Bruce, who has done everything since coming over in an August trade, led off the eighth with their homer to left off reliever David Robertson, who pitched 3 1-3 scoreless innings and earned the win in the wild-card game over Minnesota.
Five innings later, the Indians finally broke the tie. They matched the longest post-season game in Cleveland history — Tony Pena's homer in the 13th beat Boston in Game 1 of the 1995 ALDS.
Kluber wasn't himself. Not even close.
The right-hander, who led the AL in wins, ERA and intimidation, didn't get out of the third inning as Francona pulled them after allowing Hicks' three-run homer.
It was the shortest outing this season for Kluber, and as they slowly walked off the mound, Cleveland's stunned crowd gave them a polite ovation and several teammates approached them to offer consolation.
"I threw too many balls," Kluber said. "And when I'd throw strikes, they were right over the plate."
SLUGGER HURT
After rolling their ankle, Encarnacion stayed on the ground and rolled in the infield dirt in obvious pain while waiting for medical attention. They were helped to their feet and had to be assisted off the field.
Francona said an MRI showed a sprain the Encarnacion, who hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs, is day to day.
BRANTLEY'S RETURN
Sidelined for Cleveland's deep post-season run in 2016, Michael Brantley is along for the ride this year and the plan — before Encarnacion got hurt — was for the All-Star to start Game 3 in left.
They replaced Encarnacion in the second and went 0 for 5.
UP NEXT
Carrasco went 11-3 with a 2.65 ERA in 17 road starts. Tanaka, who struck out a career-high 15 in their last start, will be making their second post-season start for the Yankees. They lost the wild-card game in 2015.
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
Estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark
A sometimes bruising leadership campaign ends today in Vancouver for British Columbia's Liberals as they elect a new leader who will be tasked with returning the party to power after a 16 year term in office that ended last summer.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party following a non-confidence vote that brought down the Liberals.
The field of six candidates includes three veterans with deep cabinet experience, two former big city mayors and a first-time member of the legislature from Metro Vancouver.
Mike de Jong, Andrew Wilkinson and Todd Stone were longtime members of Clark's cabinet.
READ MORE: B.C. Liberal leadership candidates get one last prime-time pitch
READ MORE: Todd Stone campaign forfeits 1,349 B.C. Liberal memberships
READ MORE: Pro-life group releases rank list of BC Liberal leadership candidates
Sam Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to cabinet in the dying days of Clark's government last summer.
The field also includes Michael Lee, a Vancouver lawyer who was elected to the legislature last spring, and Dianne Watts, a former Conservative MP and one-time mayor of Surrey.
The B.C. Liberal Party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as “a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition” that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
READ MORE: Dianne Watts, most B.C. Liberals would keep taxpayers' money
B.C. VIEWS: B.C. Liberal battle getting bitter
READ MORE: B.C. Liberal leadership candidates debate different paths for party
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May has been a focus of the leadership campaign.
There has been finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
De Jong, the former finance minister, set themselves apart from the field, defending the Liberal record as they took heat for their tight-fisted control of the province's purse strings that meant programs aimed at easing financial pressures for people never made it off the drawing board.
Stone, their former cabinet colleague, acknowledged the Liberals were strong economic managers as they argued the party could have done a better job of sharing the wealth, including raising welfare rates.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
In this Tuesday, March 13, 2018 photo terror suspect Beate Zschaepe, center, arrives in a courtroom between their lawyers Hermann Borchert, left, and Mathias Grasel, right, in Munich, Germany. The lawyers for the main defendant in a high-profile neo-Nazi murder trial have begun their closing arguments, five years after proceedings opened. Beate Zschaepe, the only known survivor of the far-right National Socialist Underground group, is accused of taking part 10 killings, two bomb attacks and several bank robberies. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader, Pool)
In this Tuesday, March 13, 2018 photo terror suspect Beate Zschaepe, center, arrives in a courtroom between their lawyers Hermann Borchert, left, and Mathias Grasel, right, in Munich, Germany. The lawyers for the main defendant in a high-profile neo-Nazi murder trial have begun their closing arguments, five years after proceedings opened. Beate Zschaepe, the only known survivor of the far-right National Socialist Underground group, is accused of taking part 10 killings, two bomb attacks and several bank robberies. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader, Pool)
BERLIN (AP) - Lawyers for the main defendant in a high-profile neo-Nazi murder trial in Germany have begun their closing arguments - five years after proceedings opened.
Beate Zschaepe, the only known survivor of the far-right National Socialist Underground group, is accused of taking part in 10 killings, two bomb attacks and several bank robberies.
The 43-year-old's lawyers told the Munich regional court Tuesday that their client didn't have an equal role in the killings committed by two deceased members of the group.
Prosecutors want life imprisonment for Zschaepe and lesser sentences for four defendants accused of helping the group. They, and lawyers representing some of the victims, finished their closing arguments in February.
The trial, which was drawn out by regular delaying motions by the defendants, is expected to conclude within weeks.
(Liège-Paris, December 11, 2017) - Epidemiological studies show that in utero fetal infection with the Zika virus (ZIKV) may lead to microcephaly, an irreversible congenital malformation of the brain characterized by an incomplete development of the cerebral cortex. However, the mechanism of Zika virus-associated microcephaly remains unclear. An international team of researchers within the European consortium ZIKAlliance (coordinated by Inserm in France) has identified a specific mechanism leading to this microcephaly. Their findings are published this week in Nature Neuroscience.
To understand this mechanism, the scientific team led by Dr. Laurent Nguyen (frs-F.N.R.S., GIGA Neuroscience, University of Liège) and Prof. Marc Lecuit (Institut Pasteur, Inserm, University Paris Descartes, Necker Children's Hospital, AP-HP) combined analysis of human fetuses infect-ed with Zika virus, cultures of human neuronal stem cells and mice embryos. They showed that ZIKV infection of cortical progenitors (stem cells for cortical neurons) controlling neurogenesis triggers a stress in the endoplasmic reticulum (where some of the cellular proteins and lipids are synthetized) in the embryonic brain, inducing signals in response to incorrect protein con-formation (referred to as "unfolded protein response").
When it reaches the brain, Zika virus infects neuronal stem cells, which will generate fewer neu-rons, and by inducing chronic stress in the endoplasmic reticulum, it promotes apoptosis, i.e. the early death of these neuronal cells. These two combined mechanisms explain why the cerebral cortex of infected fetuses becomes deficient in neurons and is therefore smaller in size.
"These discoveries demonstrate a hypothesis that we had made following a basic research study we had just carried out in our laboratory, and thus confirm the physiological importance of the unfolded protein response in the control of neurogenesis," says Laurent Nguyen.
Researchers continued their studies on mice by administering inhibitors of protein-folding re-sponse in cortical progenitors and found that this inhibited the development of microcephaly in mice embryos infected with Zika virus.
Furthermore, the defects observed are specific to an infection by ZIKV, as other neurotropical viruses of the flavivirus family (West Nile virus, yellow fever,...) did not cause microcephaly, in contrast to Zika virus.
According to Prof. Marc Lecuit, "these results illustrate how studying fundamental biological processes is an essential step in understanding the mechanisms of infections, and lead to novel therapeutic strategies."
###
Share. Coming out digitally on October 10. Coming out digitally on October 10.
Batman vs. Two-Face, the late Adam West's final Batman film, will be released digitally on October 10, and on Blu-ray and DVD on October 17.
The Blu-ray will have a suggested retail price of $24.98 USD while the DVD will be priced at $19.98 USD. Fans can look forward to a few special features, including the Comic-Con 2017 tribute panel for Adam West and a featurette that delves into Burt Ward's (Robin) life away from acting.
Batman vs. Two-Face Box Art 2 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 2 Batman vs. Two-Face DVD box art 01 OF 2 Batman vs. Two-Face DVD box art Batman vs. Two-Face Box Art Warner Bros. Download Image Captions ESC
Batman vs. Two-Face is the sequel to 2016's Batman: Return of the Caped Crusaders and is set in the 1960s. Batman (Adam West) and Robin must team up to stop Two-Face (William Shatner), who's staging a crime wave across Gotham City.
The two superheroes must uncover Two-Face's secret identity while also battling Catwoman (Julie Newmar), the Joker (Jeff Bergman), Penguin (William Salyers), Riddler (Wally Wingert), Bookworm (Bergman), Hugo Strange (Jim Ward), and King Tut (Wingert).
Batman vs. Two-Face is directed by Rick Morales (Batman: Return of the Caped Crusaders) from a script by James Tucker (Teen Titans: The Judas Contract) and Michael Jelenic (Teen Ttitans Go!).
For IGN's thoughts on Batman: Return of the Caped Crusaders, read our review.
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Crowd watches wheat harvested the old-fashioned way
MILTON, Ind. (AP) — In an age of high technology and mechanization on farms, people are very interested in how farmers did it a generation or two ago.
Not deterred by heat in the high 90s, a large crowd including a few men aged 90-plus, turned out Saturday to watch wheat harvest from beginning to end, cutting and binding, threshing and then baling the wheat straw.
Adam Jones hosted the event on the Daniels farm that is adjacent to their house along Indiana 1.
Two weeks ago, Chase Bertsch brought their reaper to cut wheat along the road with most of the shocks stored on wagons. Since then, a modern John Deere combine harvested all but a strip of wheat.
Bertsch brought the reaper again to finish the final bit of standing wheat.
A steam engine powered the thresher as men volunteered to fork the shocks into it where the grain is separated from the straw and chaff. The thresher blew the straw and chaff into a large pile as the grain went to a truck.
"I followed those things (reaper) all day long," said 92-year-old Carl Nutty. "They would take that last shock and break it to put a roof on it to shed the rain."
They said at that time they would have been too young to do anything like drive the horses or ride the binder.
"When (Cyrus) McCormick invented that, it revolutionized farming. They called it a reaper in those days," they said. "The hard job was catching the grain in bags. You had to keep up with the separator. I was too little for that."
When Nutty was a first-year student at Alquina High School, ag teacher Walter Gronning took the class to Union County to see the first one-row corn picker in the area.
They recalled several years ago asking an older farmer what had been the biggest advancement in farming for him. The man replied, "power steering."
After returning from service in World War II, farming had changed and they did not have the money to start farming, so they became a printer, Nutty said.
Roy McGuire said when they grew up, their father did not have a thresher but did have a big combine. Every year it would break. They still have the building that once housed their farm machinery business and they use it to play with their old tractors.
"This brings back memories," said 93-year-old Richard Pea. "We'd hear the steam engine whistle and we'd take off and follow them out to east of town. We'd work all day and they'd give us a $1."
Mark Sterwerf remembers threshing rings but after entering the military service, they remained there for many years. After their father died, they came back to the farm. By then, farmers used combines. Their dad bought their first combine, a 3-foot model.
Saturday went better than anticipated, Jones said.
Several people from the Amish community attended and pitched in to help as people of all ages watched intently, taking breaks in the shade. The community came together to help put it on with sponsorships from Tyree Realty and Auction, 1st Choice Seeds and AgriFinance Services. Central Cardinals 4-H Club.
"One older gentleman back there that I've known since I moved here 15 years ago talked how it used to be in Lancaster, Pa.," Jones said. "He said we're doing it almost to a tee but you're moving too slowly. They said 'You need to move faster.'"
Those of the older generation came for the memories of how it had been done and how they may have helped, Jones said. The old machinery is just neat to watch and it is simple.
"The steam engine is the big attention getter," they said. "I think there is just a camaraderie of working together. I was tickled because I didn't know if anybody would show up."
That many people watching and 26 people helping is just amazing, they said.
"People keep asking what we're going to do next year," they said. "I tell them, 'Let's get through this one first.' What really would have been neat is if June Pflum, who lived in this house, had been able to be here."
Pflum passed away in March at age 94.
With the work completed, those who helped had a meal of a turkey, ham, a roast, potatoes and carrots cooked in the steam engine, and sweet corn cooked in a metal trash can with steam from the engine.
___
Information from: Connersville News-Examiner, http://www.newsexaminer.com
Eds: This is an Indiana Exchange story shared by the Connersville News-Examiner
Philly police are being trained to connect people in addiction to treatment, instead of arresting them
Philly police are being trained to connect people in addiction to treatment, instead of arresting them Mar 16
Aubrey Whelan is a staff writer assigned to the enterprise team. Since joining the Inquirer in 2012, they have covered crime in Philadelphia and everything in Chester County.
President Trump and first lady Melania Trump look over a helmet they received from Manchester City Fire Chief Daniel Goonan during a visit to the Manchester Central Fire Station in Manchester, N.H., Monday.
Addressing a crowd in New Hampshire, one of the states hit the hardest by the opioid epidemic, President Trump on Monday called for some drug dealers — “the big pushers” — to be sentenced to death, railing against “sanctuary cities” like Philadelphia for harboring what they deemed dangerous criminals.
Their speech was light on specifics — they didn't say exactly which drug crimes they think should warrant the death penalty, which already may be applied to charges involving murder committed while trafficking drugs. But their rhetoric echoed the tones of the tough-on-crime tactics adopted during the crack epidemic of the 1980s and 1990s, even as Philadelphians coping with the opioid epidemic have been agreeing on the failures of that earlier approach.
In otherwise heated debates about the city's decision to green-light a safe-injection site, City Council members, health officials, and community members alike have agreed on one thing: Harsh sentences clogged the city's prisons, decimated communities of color, and left a legacy still felt in neighborhoods like Kensington, which is now shouldering the brunt of an opioid crisis that contributed to an estimated 1,200 overdose deaths last year.
Public health experts said deploying the death penalty in drug cases would serve only to drive the drug crisis further underground, making it even tougher to stem.
Increasing access to treatment — something Trump also pledged Monday — and cracking down on drug dealers are “conflicting strategies,” said Scott Burris, a public health law professor at Temple University.
“The more you crack down on drug sellers, the more you're cracking down on drug users — because police will go after users to find dealers, and that drives people away and underground,” they said. “Probably the greatest tragedy of the Trump approach is that all the easy solutions are over with. We've got a bunch of things that require thought, cooperation, and evidence, and all he's coming up with is dumber, easy solutions.”
Ben Waxman, a spokesperson for District Attorney Larry Krasner, who has said they would not seek the death penalty in any case, said harsh measures like demanding death for dealers “fly in the face of trends in modern prosecutorial conduct.”
“Saber rattling might look good on a TelePrompTer, but it has nothing to do, day to day, with what Philadelphia is facing in terms of law enforcement,” they said.
During a half-hour speech in Manchester, the president also touched briefly on more widely accepted measures to stem an overdose crisis that killed more than 64,000 people nationwide last year: easing barriers to treatment; decreasing prescriptions for opioid painkillers; and distributing naloxone, the overdose-reversing spray, to first responders and private citizens.
But Trump appeared most comfortable, and least scripted, when they talked about “getting tough” on drug dealers, who they said are “killing so many thousands of our citizens every year.” It's a move that plays well to their political base, they acknowledged.
“Lot of voters in this room,” they quipped after their death penalty comment won applause.
They lauded other countries with tough drug-sentencing laws (though they didn't name names Monday, they have praised the Philippines' President Rodrigo Duterte, whose anti-drug campaign has led to the killings of more than 12,000 people without benefit of due process). Trump blamed Boston and Lawrence, Mass., both sanctuary cities, for the influx of the deadly synthetic fentanyl in surrounding counties. They repeated their frequent call for building a wall along the southern border. And they spoke with disdain of “committees” that they said were not sufficiently focused on law enforcement in efforts to deal with the drug crisis.
“We can have all the blue-ribbon committees you want, but if we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we are wasting our time. … This isn't about ‘nice' anymore, this isn't about committees, this isn't about, ‘Get everyone and have dinner' and everyone gets a medal,” they said. “This is about winning a very, very tough problem, and if we don't get very tough on these dealers, it's not going to happen, folks.”
In a memo issued before the speech, the White House touted the funding it has proposed and the grants it has pushed to fight the epidemic over the last year. But health officials in Philadelphia said the federal government's response to the crisis has been lacking. (Politico reported Monday that in several states, hundreds of millions of dollars in federal funds aimed at stemming the opioid crisis have gone unspent because funding wasn't guaranteed beyond two years, making it difficult to start new programs. Another factor: The Trump administration hasn't set clear priorities for how to fight the epidemic.)
At Community Behavioral Health, the Philadelphia agency that handles Medicaid claims for substance-abuse treatment, Geoffrey Neimark, the agency's chief medical officer, said the federal response so far has gone mostly to federal agencies. On the ground in Philadelphia, the effort has “felt much more like talk than action.”
The city Health Department agreed.
“Philadelphia is in the grip of the worst epidemic in a century, and the city and State of Pennsylvania have taken real, concrete actions to try to stem the tide of death and disaster,” a Health Department spokesperson said in a statement. “The federal government, however, after issuing an extremely thorough and thoughtful report on how to best combat the epidemic, has done nothing since; a public health emergency declaration with no action or funding tied to it is as good as doing nothing at all.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
DETROIT (WWJ/AP) – Michigan health officials say the southeast part of the state is seeing a serious outbreak of hepatitis A cases.
An analysis by the Detroit Free Press found that Michigan has led the U.S. in hepatitis cases per capita this year, with more than 500 reported cases so far.
The Detroit News reports that there have been 20 deaths linked with hepatitis A in southeast Michigan since August 2016.
In November a Detroit McDonald's worker was diagnosed with hepatitis A forcing a health alert to the public that included vaccination recommendations for anyone who ate or drank at that McDonald's location.
The Detroit Health Department announcing that anyone who ate or drank at that McDonald's location from November 8 to November 22 should be vaccinated before Wednesday, December 6.
Health officials say the majority of cases involve drug users, homeless people and current or former inmates. The outbreak has particularly affected Wayne, Macomb and Oakland counties.
Hepatitis A is a contagious liver disease that results from infection with the Hepatitis A virus. It can range in severity from a mild illness lasting a few weeks to a severe illness lasting several months. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says hepatitis A is an extremely contagious liver disease caused by the hepatitis A virus. It can be spread during sex or by eating contaminated food or water. Symptoms can include fever, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, abdominal, and sometimes yellow eyes or skin and dark urine. A person can get Hepatitis A when they eat, drink, or touch their mouth with food, liquid or objects (including their hands) that have come into contact with stool from an infected person. Anyone experiencing these symptoms should seek medical attention immediately.
For more information on Hepatitis A, visit michigan.gov/hepatitis.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
UMBC's Arkel Lamar reacts after making a basket against Virginia during the second half of a first-round game in the NCAA men's college basketball tournament in Charlotte, N.C., Friday, March 16, 2018. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)
UMBC's Arkel Lamar reacts after making a basket against Virginia during the second half of a first-round game in the NCAA men's college basketball tournament in Charlotte, N.C., Friday, March 16, 2018. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - As the sun rose on the Saturday morning celebration of their unprecedented NCAA Tournament upset, Ryan Odom implored their suddenly-famous basketball team to get some sleep.
It was time for family and friends of UMBC to leave the hotel and for the Retrievers to return to their rooms. On any other night, they'd have started a "Fortnite" video game battle to unwind.
The gamers sat this one out.
The only devices the Retrievers were tethered to were their phones.
UMBC had made history as the first No. 16 seed in NCAA Men's Tournament history to knock off a No. 1 seed and the texts and the calls never stopped buzzing.
And it wouldn't take more than a quick scroll to find out they were trending.
Up next, UMBC plays No. 9 seed Kansas State (23-11) on Sunday with a Sweet 16 berth at stake.
UMBC is a commuter school in Baltimore - one in which the chess team reigns supreme, no less - and they had just checkmated No. 1 Virginia. The bracket-busting sweethearts were suddenly linked with Buster Douglas, the Miracle on Ice and Chaminade on the short list of sports all-time upsets.
The pithy tweets from its Twitter account made highlight reels. The school website crashed. Virginia turned into a punchline.
For these players, the ones no other teams wanted, it was simply surreal.
"I'm getting so many notifications that my phone froze," said K.J. Maura, the emotional floor leader who played all 40 minutes Friday night.
Joe Sherburne, who drained three big 3-pointers against Virginia, spent their newfound time in the spotlight hoping NFL quarterback Aaron Rodgers will notice him. Sherburne is a Wisconsin native who wasn't recruited by anyone but UMBC.
On one of their few chances to shine on the sport's biggest stage, Sherburne hit a second-half 3 and mimed Rodgers' trademark "discount double-check" celebration.
"I'm their biggest fan. I want them to see it on TV, (so) if anybody knows them ...," Sherburne said.
They made their next plea a brief one.
They didn't pack enough clean underwear for two rounds of the tournament, and could use another pair. And he'd appreciate it if people would learn UMBC's correct mascot.
"We're the Chesapeake Bay Retrievers, not the Golden Retrievers," they said. "They are dark brown. They have a thick waterproof coat of fur."
They were a different kind of dog before tip - a 20 1/2-point underdog to the ACC champs.
Hey, they've whittled it down to 10-points against the Wildcats.
The odds are probably even worse that the casual fan even knows what UMBC stands for.
It's the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, not - as newspaper headlines and TV analysts suggested - U Must Be Cinderella.
But if the slipper fits, UMBC is happy to wear it and basked in its 15 minutes of fame. Odom wasn't going to deny them their time.
"I'm not the type of guy that's going to take their phones," Odom said. "They've got to do the right thing, learn how to do the right thing. We've got to encourage our guys and I've already told them, 'Do you want to be done now or do you want to try to put your best foot forward and continue on?'"
They most certainly want to play on past Kansas State and seize as many March moments as possible.
Luke Maye, Kenny Williams and Cameron Johnson represented defending national champion North Carolina in Saturday's news conference at Charlotte and not one of them had ever heard of a player on the UMBC roster.
Maye, of a Charlotte suburb, recalled Odom recruiting them when Odom coached at Charlotte.
Then Williams kind of remembered something.
"Jairus Lyles was at VCU," said Williams, a Virginia native.
Yes, Lyles was once at VCU and played there under Shaka Smart. Their parents went to Virginia and they grew up a Cavaliers fan. But their winding basketball road led them from famed DeMatha Catholic to VCU before they transferred to UMBC to be closer to home.
Lyles is a graduate student who could have left UMBC to play for a bigger program. But they were committed to the Retrievers and led them Friday night against Virginia with 28 points on 9-of-11 shooting.
Lyles wouldn't leave the Baltimore school because of their fondness for school president Freeman Hrabowski III. They lead a school whose chess team boasts six national championships and in February finally moved its basketball team to a state-of-the-art arena instead of its decades-old Fieldhouse. UMBC's glossy new basketball facility seats 5,000 - a far cry from the stage it played on Friday night in front of 20,200 at the Charlotte Hornets' arena.
But Lyles insisted this team doesn't get nervous and that the connection between the players is real. Maura boasted UMBC is "the funniest team in the country. We are top-10 for sure."
These players are so connected, they claim, that they twice blew off Odom's game-closing call against Vermont in the America East conference championship. The NCAA Tournament berth was on the line and Odom wanted Maura to run a handoff play.
"We wanted to isolate Jairus and let them take it. Then they called another play and we also said, 'No, we don't want to screen. Jairus one-on-one. We knew they were going to take the shot and make it," Maura said.
Lyles buried a 3-pointer at the buzzer to give UMBC the upset conference championship.
Then they handily knocked out the top team in the tournament. The team has every reason to believe it can take out Kansas State on Sunday night in the e second round.
"We're not satisfied. We go in with the mentality we're going to win another game," Maura said.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Provincial party leaders on Tuesday are expected to hear a growing call from municipalities to increase sales taxes to help maintain local infrastructure.
Premier Kathleen Wynne, PC Leader Patrick Brown and NDP Leader Andrea Horwath are scheduled to speak at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual conference at Ottawa's Shaw Centre, where mayors and councillors from across the province are promoting an idea to implement a one-per-cent provincial sales tax strictly for keeping municipal infrastructure in good working order.
On Monday, AMO president Lynn Dollin told a room of politicians that the organization sees no other option to secure funding outside of municipal property taxes. Raising the HST by one per cent, and transferring the new revenue to municipalities, is the best way to plug an annual $4.9-billion hole in infrastructure needs, they said.
“No matter how you look at it, the scale of the need is greater than the property taxes can keep up with,” Dollin said.
AMO has been floating the sales tax idea among its members in recent months and decided to ramp up a public education campaign to gain support from residents.
The 13-per-cent HST rate in Ontario consists of a five-per-cent federal portion and eight-per-cent provincial portion.
Dollin predicted the provincial party leaders won't be keen on a sales tax increase, but wondered if they would instead support higher property taxes, municipal service cuts or an alternative idea.
At the same time, it might be a bit naive asking parties to seriously entertain hiking sales taxes less than 10 months before the next provincial election.
For AMO, it's an opportunity to make a big splash on a new proposal. The 2008 uploading agreement — a deal between municipalities and the province to transfer certain service responsibilities from the cities to Ontario — will be complete in 2018. It has gained little traction on other priorities, such as reforming the arbitration system or limiting policing and firefighting compensation costs.
In Ottawa, the city has estimated it needs to spend nearly $100 million more each year to keep its assets up to snuff. Mayor Jim Watson has opposed the idea of creating a municipal infrastructure levy to relieve the funding pressure, so the money has to come from somewhere.
AMO says it analyzed 44 options to raise revenue for local infrastructure, including additional taxes on booze, vehicle registrations, fuel and tobacco. It concluded the HST increase would be the easiest to implement and fairest way to collect extra revenue.
The organization also thinks the public will be fine with paying more sales taxes if the money is spent on local infrastructure.
AMO hired Nanos Research to conduct random phone surveys, each polling 1,000 Ontario adults, to get their perspectives on a variety of issues, including the idea of increasing the HST to pay for local infrastructure.
The results from a June 2017 survey indicated 54 per cent of people would stand behind a one-per-cent HST increase to support municipal infrastructure and 19 per cent of people would “somewhat” support the increase. Another 20 per cent would oppose the increase and four per cent would “somewhat” oppose it. The remaining three per cent was unsure.
Pollster Nik Nanos warned AMO conference delegates on Monday that people will obviously hate the idea of paying more taxes, but politicians would need to explain that an HST bump is a possible solution that could be supported more than other controversial revenue-generating options.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
ATLANTA -- A study by researchers at Mayo Clinic's campus in Jacksonville, Florida has found that barriers to patients receiving stem cell therapy as part of their treatment for multiple myeloma include income, education, insurance status and access to care at an academic center or facility that treats a high volume of patients.
"Stem cell transplants are a standard treatment for patients with multiple myeloma and have been shown to benefit patients by delaying the recurrence of disease and, in some cases, improving patient survival," says Sikander Ailawadhi, M.D., a hematologist at Mayo Clinic in Florida and the lead investigator of this study. "While stem cell transplant utilization for patients with multiple myeloma has increased for all racial and ethnic subgroups over time, population-based studies have repeatedly shown that certain racial minorities are less likely to receive it."
Dr. Ailawadhi and their colleagues decided to explore factors that determine stem cell transplant utilization among patients from minority communities to better understand the issue and come up with solutions to eliminate barriers and improve access for all patients.
Researchers reviewed medical records for approximately 112,000 patients with a multiple myeloma diagnosis from the National Cancer Database between 2004 and 2013. Of those, 15,000 patients received a stem cell transplant as part of their treatment.
"We found that there was an overall increase in the use of stem cell transplant for multiple myeloma over time for all races except Asians," says Dr. Ailawadhi. "We also found there was greater use of stem cell therapy among Whites and Hispanics with higher income levels and greater use among Whites and Blacks with higher education levels."
Researchers found that White, Black and Hispanic patients with private insurance and those treated at academic medical centers or centers that treat a high volume of patients were more likely to get a stem cell transplant to treat multiple myeloma. They also observed some other variables that contributed to disparities including, patient comorbidities, distance from a treating facility and geographic isolation.
"This is the largest analysis exploring socio-demographic factors affecting stem cell transplant use in multiple myeloma treatment," says Dr. Ailawadhi. "We noted significant disparities among races for regarding who receives a stem cell transplant as a part of their initial care for multiple myeloma and who does not. Furthermore, we found that the socio-demographic factors that affect receipt of stem cell transplant for myeloma are variable from patients of one race to another."
Dr. Ailawadhi says that while some of these factors are non-modifiable, others including access to healthcare, income, insurance and literacy levels, proximity to treatment center, treating facility type as well as volumes are modifiable.
###
About Mayo Clinic Cancer Center
As a leading institution funded by the National Cancer Institute, Mayo Clinic Cancer Center conducts basic, clinical and population science research, translating discoveries into improved methods for prevention, diagnosis, prognosis and therapy. For information on cancer clinical trials, call the Clinical Trial Referral Office at 1-855-776-0015 (toll-free).
About Mayo Clinic
Mayo Clinic is a nonprofit organization committed to clinical practice, education and research, providing expert, comprehensive care to everyone who needs healing. For more information, visit mayoclinic.org/about-mayo-clinic or newsnetwork.mayoclinic.org.
WASHINGTON, DC — Political Islam, focused on establishing an unfree society ruled by strict sharia law, is “fundamentally incompatible” with the U.S. Constitution and the overall “foundation of the American way of life,” declared Ayaan Hirsi Ali, an expert at the Hoover Institution think tank, during a Senate panel hearing.
Meanwhile, Michael Leiter, the former director of the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center, argued that sharia law is compatible with the American Constitution.
“Muslim's honoring of Sharia is not inherently in tangent with living in constitutional democracies any more than it would be for Christians or Jews who also seek to honor their religious traditions while still complying with civil authority,” testified Leiter.
The Somali-born Dutch-American Ali — an honor violence victim, a strong advocate against female genital mutilation (FGM), and author — strongly disagreed.
During a hearing on Islamic ideology and terror held by the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee Wednesday, Ali testified alongside the former U.S. official who served under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama.
“My central argument is that political Islam implies a constitutional order fundamentally incompatible with the US Constitution and with the ‘constitution of liberty' that is the foundation of the American way of life,” proclaimed Ali in their written testimony.
They later stressed, “Let it be said explicitly: the Islamists' program is fundamentally incompatible with the US Constitution, religious tolerance, the equality of men and women, the tolerance of different sexual orientations, the ban on cruel and unusual punishment and other fundamental human rights.”
Ali explained that intimidation and advancing the goal of imposing Islamic law (sharia) on society are fundamental tenets of political Islam.
They noted that “Islamism” is the ideology that drives political Islam and “dawa” provides the means by which it is spread, adding:
The term “dawa” refers to activities carried out by Islamists to win adherents and enlist them in a campaign to impose sharia law on all societies. Dawa is not the Islamic equivalent of religious proselytizing, although it is often disguised as such by blending humanitarian activities with subversive political activities… The ultimate goal of dawa is to destroy the political institutions of a free society and replace them with strict sharia. Islamists rely on both violent and nonviolent means to achieve their objectives.
The strategy used by the United States to combat violent Islamic extremism has “failed” because it has solely focused on acts of violence while ignoring the ideology that drives jihadists and Islamists, argued Ali.
They told lawmakers, “The dominant strategy from 9/11 through the present, focusing only on Islamist violence, has failed. In focusing only on acts of violence, we have ignored the ideology that justifies, promotes, celebrates, and encourages violence, and the methods of dawa used to spread that ideology.”
In order to reverse its failure, the United States has to fight “a war of ideas against political Islam (or “Islamism”) as an ideology and against those who spread that ideology,” advised Ali.
President Donald Trump advocating for an ideological campaign against “radical Islam” is “refreshing and heartening,” testified Ali, adding, “This deserves to be called a paradigm shift.”
They noted that Trump's position marks a departure from their predecessors.
Ali pointed out that Islam is on the rise across the world and jihadist groups have proliferated despite the U.S. spending at least $3.6 trillion on combat and reconstruction costs in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, and Pakistan and sacrificing more than 5,000 American service members and the tens of thousands of wounded U.S. troops.
“According to one estimate, 10−15 percent of the world's Muslims are Islamists. Out of well over 1.6 billion, or 23 percent of the globe's population, that implies more than 160 million individuals,” mentioned Ali. “Based on survey data on attitudes toward sharia in Muslim countries, total support for Islamist activities in the world is likely significantly higher than that estimate.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The next nor'easter: What you need to know
The next nor'easter: What you need to know Mar 18
National Poetry Month: What poems are your family's favorites?
National Poetry Month: What poems are your family's favorites? Mar 19
Cassie Owens is a member of the Modern Life team, reporting on culture and trends.  They are a Philadelphia native who previously reported for Billy Penn and served as assistant editor at Next City.
The nature of lottery tickets may be moving digital as iLottery comes to Pennsylvania, allowing people to play the lottery from their smartphones.
A lottery ticket sold in Pennsylvania won the eighth-largest Powerball jackpot in history.
Powerball officials estimate that the winnings from the Saturday drawing total $456.7 million. According to an announcement Sunday, the winning numbers were: 22-57-59-60-66, and Powerball 7.
Further details on the winner and where the ticket was purchased were not available Sunday.
Three tickets — sold in Missouri, California and Texas — matched all five white balls. The Texas ticket included an added-on Power Play, and won $2 million.
Last August, Mavis Wanczyk of Massachusetts received the largest single-ticket jackpot winnings in history, also through Powerball, amounting to $758.7 million.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
In one of their latest Twitter posts, US President Donald Trump decided to brag about their tweet-writing style but made several grammar mistakes when focusing on their use of Twitter. Needless to say, the tweet was deleted shortly after publication.
Merriam-Webster Dictionary's official Twitter account has again made fun of US President Donald Trump's "ability to write" on the social platform.
This time, the dictionary mocked Trump for wrongfully using the words "pour over" and "best selling" instead of "pore over" and "bestselling," respectively.
'pore over' 🔍"to read or study very carefully"
'pour over' ☕️"to make expensive coffee"
'comb over' 💇‍♂️"to comb hair from the side of the head to cover the bald spot"https://t.co/br20fgpmAb — Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) 3 июля 2018 г.
"After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!" Trump wrote in a tweet that was then deleted and reposted with the "pour over" error correction.
READ MORE: Twitter Lashes Out at Trump's Grammar After They Slam De Niro's IQ
Merriam-Webster has repeatedly quipped at Trump's grammatical mistakes and misspelling in their tweets, which included the US President repeatedly misspelling the word "hereby" which they have written as "here by."
Also, the dictionary mocked Trump's misspelled tweets during their election campaign, citing such "words" as "honer," "leightweight" and "chocker."
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are their own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2nxfzE0
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2nZFHU1
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2ohYJYv
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2nZp5Mw
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2nxikoZ
* Chart 6: tmsnrt.rs/2nZNRfn
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 10 Hedge funds are more bullish about U.S. natural gas prices than at any time for almost three years, according to position records published by regulators and exchanges.
By April 4, hedge funds and other money managers had amassed a net long position in the two main futures and options contracts linked to U.S. gas prices equivalent to 3,280 billion cubic feet (tmsnrt.rs/2nxfzE0).
Fund managers had boosted their net long position for five consecutive weeks by a total of 1,082 billion cubic feet, taking it to the highest level since May 2014 (tmsnrt.rs/2nZFHU1).
Hedge fund long positions outnumbered short positions by a ratio of nearly 3.6:1 on April 4, up from just 2.2 on Feb. 28, and nearing the recent high of 4.2 on Jan. 17 (tmsnrt.rs/2ohYJYv).
MARKET TIGHTENS
Fund managers have responded to sign the gas market is tightening, despite one of the warmest winters in the last 50 years.
Strong exports and the continued weakness of gas output have offset warm weather and reduced consumption from electric power producers.
The United States exported a record 270 billion cubic feet of gas in January, up from 169 billion cubic feet in the same month a year earlier (tmsnrt.rs/2nZp5Mw).
Gas stocks finished winter at just 2,051 billion cubic feet, which was 426 billion cubic feet, or 17 percent, lower than a year earlier (tmsnrt.rs/2nxikoZ).
As a result, gas prices have risen to limit power producers' consumption especially during the coming summer airconditioning season.
Future prices for gas delivered at Henry Hub in June 2017 have risen to $3.31 per million British thermal units (BTUs), up 16 percent since Feb. 22.
Future prices for deliveries in June 2017 are now trading at a premium of 48 cents per million BTUs over June 2018 in an effort to limit short term power burn (tmsnrt.rs/2nZNRfn).
LIQUIDATION RISKS
There may be fundamental reasons for hedge funds' bullishness towards gas but the concentration of long positions has become a source of downside price risk in the short term.
Large concentrations of hedge fund positions on one side of the market often presage a sharp retracement in prices when managers attempt to unwind them and lock in profits.
Gas prices could be vulnerable to a correction if temperatures across the main U.S. population centres remain mild over the next 5-6 weeks, cutting gas consumption more than usual.
According to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, temperatures are forecast to be above normal across most of the southern and eastern United States through the next month.
Gas prices have risen to the point where power producers have a strong incentive to reduce the number of hours they run gas-fired units and increase run rates for coal-fired units.
If gas stocks rise rapidly during the remainder of April and May there is a risk fund managers will begin to liquidate some of their long positions and put prices under pressure.
Related column:
U.S. natural gas prices rise to limit summer power burn, Reuters, April 3 (Editing by Mark Potter)
Juneau is in for a wet week. An air mass originating in the subtropics is bringing warm air and a lot of rain to Southeast Alaska.
National Weather Service Forecaster Wes Adkins said about 3.3 inches of rain fell on downtown Juneau between Friday morning and Monday morning.
“As the air is transported northward it will cool and that actually helps to saturate the air mass and produce so much rain, particularly when it collides with our complex terrain here over Southeast Alaska,” Adkins said.
Heavy rains appear to have caused a mudslide Monday afternoon along a portion of Thane Road.
The road was briefly reduced to one lane after the bluff collapsed along the road, leaving thick mud in the northbound lane. About a quarter-mile of the road was flooded with fast-moving water. The Alaska Department of Transportation cleared it.
Many communities in Southeast Alaska saw temperatures in the 50s. Metlakatla recorded a maximum temperature of 63 degrees.
“Most residents of Southeast can attest that our winters are rarely, completely consistent,” Adkins said. “We generally have seesaw patterns. We kind of live right in the middle of the storm track. And by nature, that means that we'll have some warm spells ahead of systems and some cooler spells behind it.”
Adkins said rain should continue through the night, though not as heavy, and diminishing over the Tuesday afternoon. A strong front is moving into Southeast Alaska on Wednesday night, bringing more heavy rain.
The National Weather Service issued a flood advisory for Jordan and Montana creeks. Adkins said those creeks are at bank full and are being monitored.
Eaglecrest Ski Area marketing director Jeffra Clough said warm temperatures and rain over the last week have affected the snowpack.
“The snow is melting and the ground is now longer frozen underneath it, so unfortunately the snow melts from below and above, as well,” Clough said.
Ponds of water and icy spots are beginning to form. Clough said they need the temperatures to drop to make more snow.
“We're keeping our fingers crossed and doing our snow dances.”
As of Monday, Clough said the snow is beginning to stick again. And more snow is in the forecast starting Thursday night.
— Alaska's Energy Desk reporter Rashah McChesney contributed to this report.
Residents are being offered a special deal to help get fit and healthy in the New Year.
North Tyneside Council is offering people a Contours membership for £5 – then £9.99 for the first three months.
Contours membership gives access to all facilities at the Lakeside Centre in Killingworth, Hadrian Leisure Centre in Wallsend, Tynemouth Pool, Waves at Whitley Bay and The Parks in North Shields.
All Contours gyms feature innovative InBody technology.
The offer is on until March 26. For more visit www.northtyneside.gov.uk/contours
Coun Eddie Darke, cabinet Member for Leisure, Culture and Tourism, said: “We're coming up to that time of the year again when lots of us think about how we can make a positive change in our lives, such as joining the gym.
“Our special offer is designed to help residents get their New Year off to a fitter and healthier start – Contours memberships have many advantages, including an unrivalled choice of activities and facilities throughout the whole of North Tyneside with modern gyms, inviting pools, a wide range of classes, relaxing spas and a friendly, personal service.
“We hope as many people as possible take advantage of this excellent offer and start 2017 the way they mean to go on.”
Contour focuses on the individual member, with dedicated instructors developing tailor-made programmes to help each member achieve their goals in a way that fits in with their lifestyle.
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up their leash and retiring. Instead, they stormed back to win their category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes them only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury, where a Russian former spy and their daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago.
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England, after the pair, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They are both in a critical condition,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement.
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs, but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance.
British tabloid newspaper The Sun reported that the two were poisoned and that samples were sent to Porton Down, the nearby government laboratory, for testing.
The Sun reported that security chiefs fear that they could have been poisoned with same batch of Soviet-developed nerve agent used on Sergei Skripal, 66, and their daughter Yulia, 33, who were found unresponsive on a bench about 10 miles away in Salisbury on March 4.
More: Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related: Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
London's Metropolitan Police Service said that counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation, “given the recent events in Salisbury."
The places the Amesbury pair — whose identities weren't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased. The Sun reported that they are not known to have any links to Russia or security services.
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public, but this “will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
More: Who is Sergei Skripal? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain. They were released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury.
That poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides.
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and their father was discharged from the same hospital in May. Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Seven players breach double figures for the Beermen, who have won 6 of their last 7 games
Published 6:45 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – San Miguel Beer banked on a balanced scoring attack to repulse the upset-seeking Blackwater, 115-106, and punch its playoff ticket in the 2018 PBA Commissioner's Cup at the Mall of Asia Arena on Wednesday, July 4.
Seven players finished in double figures as the Beermen bucked off a slow start to notch their 6th win in 10 games and become the 5th team to clinch a quarterfinals berth.
Arwind Santos delivered solid numbers of 23 points, 15 rebounds, 3 assists and two blocks while Marcio Lassiter fired 18 points to go with 6 assists that saw the Beermen swing a 6-point first-quarter deficit to an 8-point halftime lead.
San Miguel trailed 28-34 after the maiden period before turning the tides and outscoring the Elite by 14 in the second quarter for a 57-49 advantage. The Beermen never looked back and extended their lead by as much as 24 points.
"I'm happy with our team even though we had a bad start. Sakit ng ulo ko noong (I was bothered in the) first quarter e dahil (because) we had a slow start but the players were determined to formalize our entry into the quarterfinals," said San Miguel head coach Leo Austria.
Kelly Nabong had their best game on a San Miguel jersey with 13 points and 4 rebounds while Alex Cabagnot and Renaldo Balkman chipped in 12 points apiece and conjoined for 15 rebounds and 7 assists in the win.
June Mar Fajardo added a double-double of 10 points and 10 rebounds and Brian Heruela finished with 10 points, 5 rebounds and 4 assists for the Beermen, who struggled at the start of the conference following a 0-3 start.
The Elite, who ended their campaign on a 1-10 card, were powered by Henry Walker's 26 points and 12 rebounds.
Mike DiGregorio backstopped Walker with 19 points while John Pinto still dazzled in the loss with a near-triple-double of 13 points, 8 assists and 6 boards.
The Scores:
San Miguel (115): Santos 23, Lassiter 18, Nabong 13, Balkman 12, Cabagnot 12, Fajardo 10, Heruela 10, Ross 7, Pessumal 6, Mamaril 2, Vigil 2, Rosser 0
Blackwater (106): Walker 26, Digregorio 19, Pinto 13, Zamar 11, Banal 11, Al-Hussaini 10, Jose 6, Sena 4, Javier 2, Palma 2, Cortez 2, Maliksi 0
Quarter scores: 28-34, 57-49, 84-70, 115-106
– Rappler.com
“Apple is planning to update tvOS for Apple TV with multi-user support, picture-in-picture, and more, according to The Verifier,” iClarified reports.
“A ‘reliable source' tells the site that Apple will unveil some significant updates to tvOS at WWDC in June,” iClarified reports. “A key feature will be support for multiple users on the fourth generation device.”
“These new features are said to be in addition to Apple's plans for a live programming guide and a monthly subscription to select television streams,” iClarified reports. “Recent reports suggest Apple could offer a bundle of HBO, Showtime, and Starz following its inability to negotiate deals for a larger conventional TV package.”
Read more in the full article here.
A Hawaii family was a key part of what's being called a breakthrough medical treatment — and it could save even more babies with a genetic blood disorder.
Baby Elianna was diagnosed with Thalassemia. It's a condition where red blood cells are unable to carry the necessary oxygen throughout the body.
They were diagnosed with it while in the womb and in some cases, it can be fatal.
But doctors were able to save their lives when they and their family flew from Hawaii to California for treatment where doctors at UC San Francisco made the breakthrough.
"We made the discovery that the fetus tolerates stem cells that are harvested from the mother the best and actually if you transplant stem cells from any other source, the mother's immune system comes in to fight these new cells," Dr. Tippi Mackenzie said.
Elianna's condition was treated while they were still in the womb.
Doctors gave Elianna a series of five stem cell transplants from their mom four months before they were born.
It took doctors took more than a decade to figure out how to do it.
"It is too early to say how effective the stem cell transplantation will be, but we are encouraged by how well they and their mother have tolerated the treatment,” Mackenzie added.
Elianna and their family are reportedly back home in the islands.
Before this new method of treatment, doctors had to give fetuses blood transfusions to keep them alive until birth. The stem cell transplant would then come after delivery.
That process increased the risk for more health problems for the baby.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic arrives for the second day of their appeal at a U.N. court against their convictions on charges including genocide and crimes against humanity and their 40-year prison sentence in The Hague, Netherlands, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Yves Herman, pool photo via AP)
Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic arrives for the second day of their appeal at a U.N. court against their convictions on charges including genocide and crimes against humanity and their 40-year prison sentence in The Hague, Netherlands, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (Yves Herman, pool photo via AP)
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) - A U.N. prosecution lawyer urged appeals judges Tuesday to convict former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic on a second genocide count and increase their 40-year sentence for overseeing Serb atrocities during the Bosnian war to a life term.
Prosecutor Katrina Gustafson told a five-judge appellate panel at the U.N. Mechanism for International Criminal Tribunals that Karadzic "abused their immense power to spill the blood of countless victims. Justice requires that they receive the highest possible sentence - a life sentence."
As a two-day appeal hearing wrapped up, Karadzic's lawyers said that not only should they not be convicted of a second genocide count, but the genocide conviction imposed by trial judges in 2016 for Karadzic's role in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre should be overturned on appeal.
Judges will likely take months to issue their appeals judgment.
Karadzic, 72, was convicted in March 2016 on 10 counts including genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes as the political mastermind behind Serb crimes in the 1992-95 Bosnian war. However, they were acquitted of one genocide charge relating to a 1992 campaign to drive Croats and Muslims out of Serb-claimed municipalities in Bosnia.
Gustafson said that crimes during the campaign - including murders, deportations and imprisoning people in inhumane conditions - were committed with genocidal intent by Karadzic and their forces who wanted to permanently remove non-Serbs.
Judges at the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal repeatedly stopped short of convicting Serbs of genocide for their involvement in the campaign, most recently acquitting ex-Bosnian Serb military chief Gen. Ratko Mladic, saying that the horrors don't amount to genocide.
Karadzic's lawyer, Peter Robinson, urged the appeals judges not to depart from the jurisprudence. Robinson argued that all of Karadzic's convictions should be overturned because of legal and procedural errors by trial judges and a new trial ordered.
"What happened in Prijedor, as well as the other municipalities, was horrible," Robinson said. "Crimes against humanity and war crimes were committed there but ... it didn't amount to genocide."
The northern Bosnian municipality of Prijedor was the scene of some of the worst mistreatment of Muslims and Croats by Serbs in 1992. Thousands were forced from their homes and many were imprisoned in camps where torture and killings were commonplace. Several Serbs have been convicted of crimes in the region.
The death toll from the devastating tower block fire in west London is expected to rise as investigators trawl through the wreckage in the search for other victims.
At least 12 people have died after the huge fire destroyed Grenfell Tower in north Kensington, where flames could still be seen burning more than a day on from the disaster.
More than £1 million has been raised to help those affected as fire tore through the 24-storey building while volunteers and charities helped with feed and shelter people who could not return to their homes overnight.
A wall of condolence was put up near the scene with photographs showing dozens of messages left for loved ones.
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a "proper investigation" after the building went up in flames early on Wednesday morning amid growing concerns about how the fire could have spread so rapidly.
Speaking in Downing Street, Mrs May said: "When it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Residents' groups have claimed they voiced concerns about the safety of the building, which had been recently refurbished, while those who escaped complained their fire alarms had not been set off by the blaze.
One focus for the investigation will be the building's cladding, which TV architect George Clarke said may have accelerated the blaze.
Mr Clarke, who lives locally and appears on Channel 4's Amazing Spaces, told BBC's Newsnight: " I saw those cladding panels, the cladding on the outside and the insulation was just peeling off, like you'd peel a banana.
"It was fully on fire. I could see the flames behind - there's a new cladding system put on the outsides that looks like a new skin, there's an air gap an insulation behind that, to me that looks like a fantastic chimney for the fire to rage around."
Grenfell Tower, which built in 1974, was recently refurbished at a cost of £8.6 million, with work completed in May last year.
Kensington and Chelsea Council admitted it had received complaints over the works, after a residents' action group said its warnings about safety had fallen on "deaf ears".
A blog post from Grenfell Action Group in November said "only a catastrophic event" would expose the concerns residents had.
The group said there was one entry and exit to the tower during improvement works and it had issues with evacuation procedures.
Concerns had also been raised about exposed gas pipes weeks before the devastating blaze.
Rydon, the firm that carried out the refurbishment work, said the project "met all required building regulations", in its latest statement following the fire.
But a line stating that the project had met all "fire regulation and health and safety standards", which was included in an earlier release, had disappeared.
When questioned about residents' worries about fire safety at the block, the council's deputy leader Rock Feilding-Mellen told the BBC: "My understanding is that their concerns were looked at and officers and the TMO (tenant management organisation) made inquiries and felt we had done what was necessary."
Meanwhile, work is continuing to tackle "pockets of fire" in the block, with several residents reporting one man had said it started in their faulty fridge.
Many people are still unaccounted for with firefighters saying the operation now in the "recovery phase".
Commander Stuart Cundy of the Metropolitan Police said: "This is going to be a long and complex recovery operation and I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12."
Witnesses described hearing screams for help from people trapped on the upper floors of the block as flames engulfed the building, which contains 120 flats thought to be home to between 400 and 600 people.
Children and a baby were seen being thrown out of the windows to be caught by emergency workers and members of the public below.
London Fire Brigade said it had rescued 65 people as flames engulfed the block, and had managed to reach all 24 floors, though a full search of the building has not been completed.
NHS England said 74 patients were treated in six hospitals across London. Thirty-four remain in hospital including 18 who are in critical care.
On Wednesday evening, dozens of people gathered for a vigil in the shadow of the tower as the sun began to set.
Many were moved to tears after pausing for moment of silent contemplation outside the Notting Hill Methodist Church in west London.
The Rev Mike Long said: "There are times when all the words we can say are not adequate and sometimes words fail us because no words can do justice to how we feel, or what we have seen or what has happened. Today is one of those days.
"What we can simply do is look to all that we have seen today which is good, which is fabulous - people getting together."
Emergency accommodation had been provided to 44 households affected by the fire, with families with young children, elderly residents and those who are vulnerable given "immediate priority", the local council said.
People unable to return to their homes were offered a place to stay at Westway Sports Centre in Crowthorne Road, north Kensington.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said "searching questions" need to be asked about what happened, suggesting spending cuts could have contributed to the deadly fire, while general secretary of the Fire Brigades Union Matt Wrack said: "The truth is this should not be happening in the UK, one of the wealthiest countries in the world."
MADISONVILLE (WATE) – A wanted suspect was arrested on a number of drugs and other charges after the Monroe County Sheriff's Office says they led them on a brief pursuit.
Russell Tallent is charged with possession of Schedule II for resale, possession of Schedule IV for resale, possession of drug paraphernalia, DUI, evading arrest, reckless endangerment, driving on a suspended license, no registration and no insurance.
Deputies saw them driving on a suspended license on Reagan Valley Road in the Mount Vernon community Tuesday and knew they had warrants for their arrest. They tried to stop him, but Tallent fled. They eventually caught up with them and took them into custody.
(Adds company news, futures)
April 12 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 6 points higher on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.1 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* HUNTING: Oilfield services company Hunting Plc said on Wednesday its revenue for the first quarter had been ahead of management's expectations due continued higher activity levels in the U.S. shale sector.
* WH SMITH: British books, newspaper and stationery retailer WH Smith Plc posted a 3.75 percent rise in first-half pretax profit as its travel business continued to outshine lagging high street or town centre retail operations.
* PAGEGROUP: British recruiter PageGroup reported a record first-quarter gross profit and said it saw growth in its markets outside the UK, where client and candidate confidence levels are constrained by uncertainty after Britain's vote to leave the EU.
* TESCO: Tesco, Britain's biggest retailer, beat forecasts for full-year profit, showing its recovery is picking up pace and potentially giving a boost to its stuttering campaign to win investor backing for a takeover of wholesaler Booker.
* BHP: Anglo-Australian miner BHP Billiton, said on Wednesday a minor shareholder's proposal to overhaul its corporate structure and spin off its U.S. oil division was flawed and would involve costs far beyond any benefits.
* BARCLAYS: Investors have warned that it is "entirely possible" that British regulators would force Barclays' chief executive out of the job, the Telegraph reported on Tuesday. (bit.ly/2oV6IMG).
* RBS: Former Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive Fred Goodwin is scheduled to appear in court at the start of June over claims the lender misled investors over its 2008 share sale, a draft timetable released on Tuesday showed.
* EU-BANKS REGULATIONS: The European Union's markets watchdog will issue guidance and possible curbs for national regulators in coming weeks to stop a "race to the bottom" to attract UK-based financial firms after Brexit, it said on Tuesday.
* The UK blue chip index ended up 0.2 percent on Tuesday, after hitting earlier in the session a three-week high, outpacing European markets, while mid and small-caps hit fresh record highs with strong gains from JD Sports and Balfour Beatty driving the index.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
* UK CORPORATE DIARY:
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Harish Bhaskar; Editing by Sunil Nair)
Seventy scholarship players is where the Kansas Jayhawk football team sits four years into the David Beaty era.
KU Head Coach David Beaty released that number to the public on Tuesday mornings Big 12 teleconference.
Beaty says it will still take a few years to get to the NCAA Division I limit of 85 scholarship players.
Beaty spoke on numerous topics including their quarterback situation and how that position has improved plus is the offense ready to take off.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. -- At this point, we're used to hearing about big department stores falling on hard times. However, in 2017, Boscov's actually had a record-breaking sales year, selling its biggest volume ever.
Customers in Wilkes-Barre seem to think it's the personal touch that sets Boscov's apart from other stores.
“Many of the salespeople here have been here for time eternity. We're only here for half the year, but they recognize you,” Gordon Simington of Lake Silkworth said.
“Well, one thing, it's close to where I live. I don't have to catch a bus and there's good sales in here,” Carol of Wilkes-Barre said.
Bon-Ton and Sears are two anchor stores in the Wyoming Valley Mall in the process of closing up shop in Wilkes-Barre Township.
However, at Boscov's in downtown Wilkes-Barre, business is booming.
Boscov's Chairman and CEO Jim Boscov said, “The Wilkes-Barre location is a very good example of a store with loyal clientele. We had a perfectly healthy brick and mortar increase in the last year there.”
Downtown business officials said the store on South Main Street also brings in business for other shops.
"It keeps everything else going in downtown Wilkes-Barre. To me, it's the central core of downtown Wilkes-Barre,” president of the Downtown Wilkes-Barre Business Association John Maday said.
Even at a time when many people are shopping online, Boscov's had a single digit increase in sales at its physical stores.
Shoppers said the reason why they think the department store has been so successful is that they actually enjoy going there.
“You could walk into that store and they know your name. It's basically the old Cheers scenario,” Maday said.
“You just feel it's a hometown atmosphere,” Simington said.
Boscov's has plans to open a 47th store in Connecticut.
Photo: AFP
A three-year-old boy survived by sheer luck when their T-shirt caught on a gutter after their suicidal father tried to leap with them and their six-year-old sister to their deaths from a fifth floor window of a Paris hotel.
Both the 47-year-old father and their daughter died on the spot after the fall from the window in the hotel in the 11th arrondissement where the man worked.
Images of the boy hanging on for their life outside the window as they waited for firefighters to rescue them were shown on BFM TV.
“There was this man with their two children, one in each arm” at the window, an eye-witness identified only as Hélène told Le Parisien newspaper.
“What sickens me is that the kids didn't want to die… The little girl really didn't want to. They desperately resisted, they tried several times to get back (into the room) by grabbing on to the bars of the window, and the boy did too,” they said.
All the while around 20 people on the street below watched helplessly as the drama unfolded on Thursday afternoon on the Rue des Boulets.
A few moments later the father finally jumped, taking the girl with him.
According to the witness Helene, the girl landed on mattresses that onlookers had placed on the pavement in the hope it would break their fall. But they did not survive the impact. Them father also died instantly but the boy was spared after their T-shirt got caught in the guttering.
“The little boy was held up by their T-shirt and had one knee on the ledge,” said Hélène. “The people were shouting up at him: ‘Don't move, don't move!' They didn't move. They were really lovely, the poor little kid.”
Firefighters eventually broke down the door the hotel room and pulled the boy in off the ledge.
The identity of the father, who had worked at the hotel for 10 years, has not been made public.
Three people were injured in the altercation. Federal traffic police deployed a helicopter in a bid to track down the fleeing migrants along the E42 motorway on the Mons-bound section. Three individuals were caught and arrested. Police carried out ID checks and contacted the immigration department. The three detainees will soon be questioned with the help of an interpreter. Police have called off the search but intend to remain on the look-out for UK-bound migrants on this stretch of motorway.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BONSALL, Calif. -- Now that evacuation orders have been lifted, residents who were evacuted due to the Lilac Fire are getting a first-hand look at the destruction left behind.
Some are now beginning to pick up the pieces of what is left, while others are in awe that their home is still standing.
FOX 5 was with Dale Heath as they first stepped back into their Rancho Monserate home Sunday night.
“Some stuff probably was strewn around from us leaving, but wow. It looks, I mean you wouldn't know there was a fire in here,” Heath said as they walked through the door.
As they walked through the kitchen, a vivid memory flashed back.
“We were looking out this window here. My wife was here, and you can see the ash here, but this is where we first saw the smoke,” Heath said.
Shortly after, their family found themselves evacuating. In the coming hours, they saw the video of their neighborhood on fire.
“It was hard to take in. It was just hard to take in,” Heath said.
They later found out their home survived and they could not believe it.
“It was unbelievable when we were still there,” Heath said.
When FOX 5 asked how they felt about actually being back home, they said they had mixed emotions.
“It's like we are so fortunate to be unscathed when all this has happened right here. I mean look at that. Desolation. Unbelievable. Unbelievable as far as you can see with this flashlight all these homes are gone right at the end of the bank, and yet here's a tree not even touched. Crazy,” Heath said as they showed FOX 5 their neighbors' burnt down homes from their backyard. “The heartbreak that those people are suffering. I just don't know what to say. Thank God that they all lived. That's what I say."
Heath knows things will not be quite the same in their neighborhood again, but they said their community will get through this tough time.
“We're not a neighborhood where we don't know our neighbors. We know them intimately and do a lot of things with each other, but that's the good side, right? That we'll help each other through all this for sure,” Heath said.
Some residents are returning home to no electricity. Crews are working to restore power as quickly as possible. Firefighters are encouraging residents who are going back to their neighborhoods to be vigilant of hazards like electrical wiring. If you see any hazards like that you are asked to stay away and call SDG&E.
[India], December 11 (ANI): Scores of students in Hyderabad's Chaitanya Bharati Institute of Technology (CBIT) continued their agitation against the authorities over the fee hike for the sixth consecutive day.
A student, who is protesting against the fee hike, had said that the management was hiking the fees to Rs two lakh, from the current Rs 1.13 lakh.
Javaji Dilip, General Secretary, Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Telangana division has demanded the authorities should roll back the fee hike as soon as possible.
Speaking to ANI, Dilip said: "ABVP demands CBIT not to commercialize the education. Education is a service, not a business. The management should release a new circular to students who joined in 2016-17. They should mention it clearly, that there would be no further fee hike." Siddharth, a first year student of CBIT, said: "We are protesting against the fee hike. There has been a 76% rise in the fees. This is injustice for all of us. The management is not telling properly and they are playing mind games with us. They are telling something else to us and the media. We will continue the protest, until the management rolls back the fee hike." "Few days back, we were having our exams, when they (management) announced this. They took our signatures as well. They are blackmailing us. They are arguing that if we don't sign, we won't be allowed to give the exams. They won't give us placements also," added Siddharth. Akhil, a second-year student studying in the college, said: "We are staging this strike for the last six days. We are not going to rest, until the management rolls back our fee hike. They are forcing us to pay two lakhs. Our principal is also not supporting us and has threatened to suspend us, if we don't stop the protest." (ANI)
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) - A Pennsylvania teenager who was missing for almost two weeks along with the 45-year-old man who frequently signed them out of school without their parents' permission was returned home and the man was in custody after the two were found in Mexico, authorities said.
Federal agents and Mexican authorities found 16-year-old Amy Yu and Kevin Esterly in Playa del Carmen on Saturday and they were flown to Miami, authorities said. Police said the girl, who was in good health, arrived on Sunday in Philadelphia and was taken home to Allentown, 60 miles (97 kilometers) northwest of the city. Esterly was awaiting processing in Miami. The married father of four will face a charge of child custody interference when they arrive in Pennsylvania.
The girl's mother, Miu Luu, told The (Allentown) Morning Call that they cried from relief after being told that the pair had been located.
"For two weeks, I've had trouble sleeping and eating," Luu told the paper. "I'm very happy."
They had been missing since March 5, when local police said they bought one-way tickets from Philadelphia to Dallas and then headed to Cancun. Police said they believed the teen went willingly with Esterly, who signed them out of school 10 times in the last few months. The girl had altered their student records to list Esterly as their stepfather, said Gary Hammer, of the Colonial Regional Police Department. Mexican authorities issued an Amber Alert in the case on Thursday.
Amy's family previously said the two met at church years ago, and the 16-year-old girl is friends with one of Esterly's daughters. Esterly's wife, Stacy Esterly, said earlier through their lawyer that they and their husband have been fighting constantly since the summer about their relationship with Amy, The Morning Call said.
Them attorney, John Waldron, told the newspaper that their client was "very happy and relieved" to learn that the girl and their husband had been found.
"She wants Amy home with their mom, that is what they have always wanted," Waldron said. "She is glad that Amy is safe and that Kevin is with authorities."
___
Information from: The Morning Call, http://www.mcall.com
The most important bacterial diarrhoea pathogen can be transmitted via eggshells -- but protection is possible
Eggs are a popular food. In fact, Germans consumed almost 20 billion of them in 2016, which equates to a per capita consumption of 235 eggs. It is therefore easy to understand why the detection of chemicals in eggs, such as the insecticide fipronil recently, caused quite a stir, not to say an outrage. What is largely unknown, though, is that the most common bacterial pathogen for food infections is also to be found on chicken eggs.
We are talking about Campylobacter bacteria, which cause intestinal inflammation (enteritis) accompanied by stomach ache, fever and - sometimes even bloody - diarrhoea. The German Federal Institute for Risk Assessment (BfR) has now determined the level of knowledge about the occurrence of Campylobacter on chicken eggs and is giving advice on how infections can be prevented.
Link to opinion: Hygiene for chicken eggs - protection from Campylobacter
Roughly 70,000 cases of Campylobacter enteritis are reported to the Robert Koch-Institute every year, with a slight increase expected. Furthermore, there is a large number of unreported cases. The disease- induced by bacteria usually originates from chicken intestines in which they live but cannot cause harm. These bacteria are often transferred to humans via insufficiently cooked chicken meat. Although the infection risk through chicken eggs is estimated to be much lower, infection can be spread through bacteria-containing excrement which sticks to the eggshell. Food companies should therefore reduce the contamination of chicken eggs with chicken excrement through hygiene measures during production and packaging.
"The risk of infection can be reduced even further by maintaining good kitchen hygiene," explains BfR President, Professor Dr. Dr. Andreas Hensel. "Kitchen utensils and hands should be washed thoroughly after contact with raw eggs. And if dishes that have been prepared with eggs are heated sufficiently, Campylobacter and other disease pathogens are killed reliably."
###
About the BfR
The Federal Institute for Risk Assessment (BfR) is a scientifically independent institution within the portfolio of the Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture (BMEL) in Germany. It advises the Federal Government and Federal Laender on questions of food, chemical and product safety. The BfR conducts its own research on topics that are closely linked to its assessment tasks.
The BfR is 15 years old. To mark the occasion, the Institute has published a jubilee brochure which can be downloaded or ordered free of charge at http://www. bfr. bund. de/ de/ publikation/ broschueren-660. html .
This text version is a translation of the original German text which is the only legally binding version.
Winners from the Vaiden parade were: Floats (first to third place) Tuckerville M.B. Church, Campbell Hill M.B. Church, and Evergreen Masonic Lodge. Below: Jack Teal waves to Santa who was the finale in the Carrollton-North Carrollton Christmas Parade. At the end there were trophies awarded in the band, float and dance team categories.
--- The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The WINONA TIMES and The CONSERVATIVE. If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://winonatimes.com/user/login If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://winonatimes.com/existing-subscribers If you're not currently a subscriber, click here for more information about our affordable online subscription options: http://winonatimes.com/columbian-progress-0
The trial of pensioner Martine Landry is the first of its kind in France involving a member of Amnesty.
It comes a day before three activists -- two Swiss and one Italian -- appear in court for helping a group of migrants crosses from Italy to France through a pass in the Alps in April.
Landry is the coordinator of Amnesty's refugee response in southeast France.
They risk up to five years in prison and a fine of 30,000 euros ($34,700) if convicted of illegally assisting two Guinean youths in July 2017.
 They are accused of helping the pair, both aged 15 according to Amnesty, cross back into France after they were arrested and returned to Italy during a raid on the home of olive farmer and activist Cedric Herrou, where they had been sheltering.
READ ALSO:
Two migrants from the Ivory Coast walk past hikers on their way to the Colle della Scala (Col de l'Echelle) to cross the border between Italy and France. Photo: AFP
Landry claims that they did not help the teens re-enter France after they were turned back at the border by Italian police.
The white-haired campaigner said they stepped in only after they crossed onto French soil and took them to the police to register for asylum.
'Solidarity is not a crime'
Them case, like that of the Alps campaigners, has become a cause celebre among critics of President Emmanuel Macron's tough stance on migration.
Several dozen activists gathered outside the courthouse in the city of Nice holding banners reading "Solidarity is not a crime".
In April, MPs voted to soften laws criminalising acts of solidarity with illegal migrants, to exempt those who provide them with free food, shelter or
medical care.
Helping migrants illegally cross the border remains a crime, however.
Amnesty condemned the case against Landry.
Photo: AFP
"Dragging a compassionate pensioner before the court on these surreal charges makes a mockery of justice. Acts of solidarity should be promoted, not punished," its senior campaigner on migration, Maria Serrano, said in a statement.
The three activists on trial Thursday in the Alpine town of Gap are accused of helping a group of migrants reaches France after dozens of anti-immigrant campaigners blocked another pass on the trans-alpine migrant trail.
They face up to 10 years in prison and fines of 750,000 euros each as well being banned from France if convicted.
NGOs have contrasted the treatment of the campaigners with that of "Spider-Man" Mamoudou Gassama, the illegal Malian migrant who was fast-tracked for French citizenship this week after rescuing a young boy hanging from a balcony in Paris.
"A few symbolic gestures mask a policy of repression and expulsion," said migrant support campaigner Michel Rousseau.
Tokyo - The new field of biohybrid robotics involves the use of living tissue within robots, rather than just metal and plastic. Muscle is one potential key component of such robots, providing the driving force for movement and function. However, in efforts to integrate living muscle into these machines, there have been problems with the force these muscles can exert and the amount of time before they start to shrink and lose their function.
Now, in a study reported in the journal Science Robotics, researchers at The University of Tokyo Institute of Industrial Science have overcome these problems by developing a new method that progresses from individual muscle precursor cells, to muscle-cell-filled sheets, and then to fully functioning skeletal muscle tissues. They incorporated these muscles into a biohybrid robot as antagonistic pairs mimicking those in the body to achieve remarkable robot movement and continued muscle function for over a week.
The team first constructed a robot skeleton on which to install the pair of functioning muscles. This included a rotatable joint, anchors where the muscles could attach, and electrodes to provide the stimulus to induce muscle contraction. For the living muscle part of the robot, rather than extract and use a muscle that had fully formed in the body, the team built one from scratch. For this, they used hydrogel sheets containing muscle precursor cells called myoblasts, holes to attach these sheets to the robot skeleton anchors, and stripes to encourage the muscle fibers to form in an aligned manner.
"Once we had built the muscles, we successfully used them as antagonistic pairs in the robot, with one contracting and the other expanding, just like in the body," study corresponding author Shoji Takeuchi says. "The fact that they were exerting opposing forces on each other stopped them shrinking and deteriorating, like in previous studies."
The team also tested the robots in different applications, including having one pick up and place a ring, and having two robots work in unison to pick up a square frame. The results showed that the robots could perform these tasks well, with activation of the muscles leading to flexing of a finger-like protuberance at the end of the robot by around 90°.
"Our findings show that, using this antagonistic arrangement of muscles, these robots can mimic the actions of a human finger," lead author Yuya Morimoto says. "If we can combine more of these muscles into a single device, we should be able to reproduce the complex muscular interplay that allow hands, arms, and other parts of the body to function."
###
The article "Biohybrid robot powered by an antagonistic pair of skeletal muscle tissues" was published in Science Robotics.
About Institute of Industrial Science (IIS), the University of Tokyo
Institute of Industrial Science (IIS), the University of Tokyo is one of the largest university-attached research institutes in Japan.
More than 120 research laboratories, each headed by a faculty member, comprise IIS, with more than 1,000 members including approximately 300 staff and 700 students actively engaged in education and research. Our activities cover almost all the areas of engineering disciplines. Since its foundation in 1949, IIS has worked to bridge the huge gaps that exist between academic disciplines and real-world applications.
Breast cancer cells that spread to other parts of the body break off and leave the primary tumour at late stages of disease development, scientists from the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute and their collaborators have found.
The results, published today (14 August) in Cancer Cell, show that catching and treating breast cancer before it spreads is a realistic goal. It also opens the door to predicting which drugs will work against breast cancer that has already spread.
It is estimated that 35,000 people in the UK have metastatic breast cancer*. The survival rates are poor: around 15 out of 100 women will survive advanced breast cancer for 5 years or more after diagnosis**. The prognosis has not improved in the past 20-30 years***.
Most of the research into breast cancer has focused on primary breast cancer, and there is little understanding of the biology underpinning breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, known as metastatic cancer. This is in part due to the difficulty in acquiring samples of tumours that have spread to other tissues.
In this study, scientists investigated how breast cancer evolves from the original tumour in the breast to tumours that have spread, or metastasised. It has been controversial whether the breast cancer cells that spread to other parts of the body break off and leave the primary tumour in the breast at early or at late stages of cancer development. The team found that most of the genetic changes in the original breast tumour were also present in the metastatic tumours, showing that the cancer cells spread late in disease development.
This shows promise for breast cancer patients as diagnosing and treating the breast cancer at early stages means there is a greater chance of preventing cancer cells spreading to other tissues, such as the lungs, brain and bone.
Dr Lucy Yates, first author from the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute and Guys and St Thomas' NHS Trust, said: "As the cells that cause the spread of breast cancer leave relatively late, it means they are still quite similar to the cells in the primary tumour. Therefore by studying the genome of the primary breast cancer tumour, in the future we may be able to predict what cells that might have spread 'look' like, and potentially which treatments they will respond to."
In the retrospective study, the team sequenced the DNA of 299 tumours from 170 patients with breast cancer that either returned in the remaining breast -- local relapse -- or had spread - metastatic breast cancer.
Researchers found that in the time between breast cancer patients being diagnosed with primary cancer and the diagnosis of metastasis, the breast cancer cells had gained genetic changes, or mutations, that increased the aggressiveness of the tumour. This may explain why metastatic breast cancer is currently difficult to treat.
Professor Per Eystein Lønning, joint lead author from the University of Bergen and Haukeland University Hospital in Bergen, said: "Most women who have metastatic breast cancer do not have another biopsy of the cancer, and rarely have it analysed using genetic sequencing. In this study we found that in some cases, the metastatic tumours had particular genetic changes that could be targeted with treatments. We would not have seen these mutations by sequencing the primary tumour alone. Our results suggest that it should be more routine to biopsy the metastasis and have it genetically analysed in order to open up clinical trials of treatment options for metastatic breast cancer."
Studies are now open to recruit patients with metastatic breast cancer across Europe**** - these studies will first extend the analysis performed here to many more patients, but the ultimate goal is to build a platform for identifying an appropriate clinical trial of new treatments for each patient with metastatic breast cancer.
The use of whole genome sequencing enables researchers to accurately distinguish between tumour types with different treatment strategies. In one particular case, it was thought a patient had primary breast cancer that had relapsed in the breast. However after sequencing the tumour, the team found it was not a relapse but a second primary breast cancer. Genomic data enabled the scientists to tell these two scenarios apart, which would have changed the treatment philosophy used - this would be difficult using standard diagnostic methods.
Dr Peter Campbell, joint lead author from the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, said: "Our study shows that in order to catch breast cancer before it spreads, early detection of breast cancer is key, and we provide a good rationale for continuing to improve methods for detecting breast cancer sooner. These results show the power of genetic sequencing in understanding metastatic breast cancer and open the door to personalised treatment for breast cancer in the future."
###
Notes to Editors
Sources:
* http://breastcancernow. org/ about-breast-cancer/ secondary-breast-cancer/ what-is-secondary-breast-cancer/ how-common-is-secondary-breast-cancer
** http://www. cancerresearchuk. org/ about-cancer/ breast-cancer/ survival
*** http://onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ cncr. 27819/ full
**** http://www. cancerresearchuk. org/ about-cancer/ find-a-clinical-trial/ a-study-of-cell-changes-in-breast-cancer-that-has-spread-to-another-part-of-the-body-aurora
Publication:
Lucy Yates et al. (2017) Genomic evolution of breast cancer metastasis and relapse. Cancer Cell. DOI: 10.1016/j.ccell.2017.07.005
Selected websites:
The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute
The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute is one of the world's leading genome centres. Through its ability to conduct research at scale, it is able to engage in bold and long-term exploratory projects that are designed to influence and empower medical science globally. Institute research findings, generated through its own research programmes and through its leading role in international consortia, are being used to develop new diagnostics and treatments for human disease. http://www. sanger. ac. uk
Wellcome
Vuwani - Burglars and arsonists have caused damage estimated at about R1.2 million at a school in Limpopo, police said on Saturday.
Police in Vuwani near Thohoyandou appealed to the community for information that could lead to the arrest of suspect(s) responsible for torching the administration block of the Shondoni Secondary School at Lwamondo village soon after 5am on Friday,
"The police were summoned and reacted after the school principal was first informed about the building that was up in flames. On arrival the building was already gutted," Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo said.
Picture: SAPS
Preliminary investigations revealed that the suspects broke open the security gate at the administration block and then set the building alight. Various items were destroyed, including four computers, printers, a safe, and a steel cabinet.
"The total value of all items damaged, including the building itself, is estimated to be around R1.2 million. The motive for this incident is not known at this stage but police investigations are continuing.
Picture: SAPS
"The suspect(s) in this matter are unknown at this stage and while investigations are under way, police are making an appeal to anyone with information that can assist with the tracing of these culprits to contact Brigadier James Esbach at 082-576-0753 or police emergency number 08600-10111 or Crme line sms number 32211 or visit the nearest police station," Mojapelo said.
African News Agency/ANA
Transparency Market Research (TMR), a market intelligence and research firm, has recently published a market study on the global market for automotive airbags, estimating that the market to expand at a CAGR of 8.10% during the period 2014 to 2020 and reach a market value of US$29.7 bn by the end of the forecast period.
The worldwide global automotive airbag market stood at US$17.2 bn in 2013, states the research report, titled “Automotive Airbag Market– Global Industry Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast 2014 – 2020”. The rapid rise in the automotive industry, particularly increasing production of cars, has fueled this market significantly.
Apart from this, the rising awareness regarding safety while driving among consumers has also increased the growth quotient of this market in recent times, the report says. The durability of low-priced airbags is, however, a matter of concern owing to which consumers are showing less interest in them, impacting the global market negatively.
According to the research report, the global automotive airbag market is spread across North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Rest of the World. Among these, the market in Asia Pacific has acquired the leading position.In 2013, the market for automotive airbags in Asia Pacific had gained a market value of US$5.9 bn.
Get Brochure for Latest Advancements and Research Insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4200
On account of the rising demand for automobiles, propelled by increased disposable income and improved standard of living in the region, the automotive airbags market is heading towards a thriving future in Asia Pacific. Analysts have predicted this regional market to register the highest as well as the fastest CAGR of 8.50% over the forecast period.
Europe is the second largest regional market for automotive airbags. The market is likely to show a steady growth and retain its position since an increasing number of established automotive safety systems manufacturers, such as Autoliv, Delphi, Continental AG, and RobertBosch are domiciled in the region.North America is also expected to witness a stable demand for automotive airbags during the forecast period.
Get a Custom Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=4200
The U.S. has emerged as the largest automotive airbag market in North America owing to the putting the United States New Car Assessment Program (US NCAP) in practice, which assesses and rates cars prior to its launch in the U.S. market.Curtain airbags, knee airbags, front airbags, and side airbags are the major types of automotive airbags available in the global market. The market for front airbags occupies the dominant position in the overall market, states the market study.
The report also maps the competitive landscape of the worldwide automotive airbag market by analyzing the company profiles of the key participants and present the current market hierarchy as well. Autoliv Inc., Takata Corp., Delphi Automotive Plc., Key Safety Systems, TRW Automotive Holdings Corp., Hyundai Mobis Co. Ltd., Toyoda Gosei Co. Ltd., Denso Corp., Continental AG, and RobertBosch GMBH are the major companies operating in the global automotive airbag market.
DRUG smugglers operating off the coast of Australia suffered another hammer blow this week when frigate HMAS Warramunga seized 414kg of heroin in the western Indian Ocean on Thursday.
The latest bust, valued at $124 million, means the crew of Warramunga has been responsible for preventing 11.5 tonnes of hashish and 1.5 tonnes of heroin from entering circulation in just over a month.
The total value of the drugs, confiscated from seven separate vessels, is in excess of $1 billion.
In the latest seizure, Warramunga's Seahawk helicopter crew spotted the smuggler while conducting surveillance late on February 1.
Camera Icon Royal Australian Navy sailors Leading Seaman Electronics Technician Adam Cook (left), Able Seaman Electronics Technician Dylan Canderle (centre) and Able Seaman Boatswains Mate Lydia Ratu Kavoa label and bag parcels of seized narcotics on a smuggling vessel in the Middle East.
HMAS Warramunga Commander Dugald Clelland said the seizures ripped money out of terrorist organisations from around the world.
“The team on land and at sea has worked well to identify and search vessels of interest in a large geographic area, dealing a series of significant blows to the drug trade that funds violent extremists,” they said.
All of the captured narcotics were disposed at sea.
Summary of drugs confiscated by Warramunga in its current rotation
• December 27—29 December 2017: 8 tonnes hashish; 69kg heroin (three vessels intercepted over this period)
• January 3: 3.5 tonnes hashish
• 7 January: 111kg heroin
• 24 January: 915kg heroin
• 1 February: 414kg heroin
Follow the Kentucky General Assembly with live video of committee meetings and chamber sessions. Watch archived video from current and past sessions, as well as gubernatorial addresses.
For more information about the Kentucky General Assembly, visit the Legislative Research Commission.
TULSA, Okla. (August 14, 2017) – Traditional Sprint Car racing fans throughout Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Kansas are in for a rare treat this week with the fifth rendition of the USAC Southwest Sprint Cars “Freedom Tour”.
The wingless Sprint Cars will sling the clay for four nights at four different tracks beginning on Wednesday night, battling it out for a $2,500 winner's share each night with a minimum of $250 to start each feature event.
The action begins with Little Rock's I-30 Speedway hosting the “Freedom Tour” for the first time on Wednesday. From there, action shifts to Creek County Speedway near Tulsa on Thursday night and then Wichita's 81 Speedway on Friday night. The miniseries wraps up on Saturday night at Caney Valley Speedway near the Oklahoma-Kansas line in Caney, KS.
There will be some USAC National flavor in the mix over the course of the week as Cali native Chad Boespflug will mix it up with the Arizona contingent that include the likes of reigning series champion R.J. Johnson along with Charles Davis, Jr., Mike Martin, Stevie Sussex, Shon Deskins, Tye Mihocko, Dennis Gile and Chris Bonneau among others.
Boespflug currently sits third in in USAC National points while R.J. Johnson leads the way in USAC Southwest point standings.
The Southwest invaders will face stiff competition at each track from the local forces, with Memphis shoe Anthony Nicholson among those set for another full tour of “Freedom Tour” duty after taking in last year's full slate of events. A past Short Track Nationals preliminary feature winner at I-30 Speedway, Nicholson finished among the top ten in all three of last year's completed “Freedom Tour” features.
I-30 Speedway and Caney Valley Speedway will both be hosting the USAC Southwest Sprint Cars “Freedom Tour” for the first time while Creek County Speedway and 81 Speedway have been series staples since the outset in 2013.
In four previous years of USAC Southwest Sprint Cars “Freedom Tour” competition, nine different drivers have earned feature wins in 15 events. R.J. Johnson leads the way with four triumphs, including two of three last year. Rick Ziehl, Charles Davis, Jr., and Mike Martin each have two wins, while single “Freedom Tour” wins have gone to Danny Smith, Brady Bacon, Mike Bonneau, Blake Hahn and Josh Hodges.
2017 USAC Southwest Sprint Cars “Freedom Tour” Schedule:
Wednesday, August 16 – I-30 Speedway (Little Rock, AR), Racing at 7:30 p.m. First Freedom Tour event.
August 17 – Creek County Speedway (Sapulpa, OK), Racing at 8:00 p.m. Past winners: Danny Smith (2013), Brady Bacon (2014), Blake Hahn (2015), R.J. Johnson (2016).
August 18 – 81 Speedway (Park City, KS), Racing at 7:30 p.m. Past Winners: Rick Ziehl (2013), Mike Martin (2014), Mike Martin (2015), Mother Nature (2016).
August 19 – Caney Valley Speedway (Caney, KS), Racing at 7:00 p.m. First Freedom Tour event.
Information regarding each of the Fifth Annual Freedom Tour tracks is available at:
I-30 Speedway – http://www.i-30speedway.com/
Creek County Speedway – http://www.creekcountyspeedway.co/
81 Speedway – http://www.race81speedway.com
Caney Valley Speedway – http://www.caneyvalleyspeedway.net/
Additional information regarding the USAC Southwest Sprint Car series is available at http://www.southwestsprintcars.com/.
Sources: Lonnie Wheatley/USAC Southwest Freedom Tour PR
President Donald Trump said the details of the declassified Congressional FISA memo pointed to a “disgrace.”
“I think it's terrible, you want to know the truth, I think it's a disgrace what's going on in this country … a lot of people should be ashamed,” Trump told reporters at the White House on Friday.
The president kept their statements vague and did not call out any specific names of people in the Justice Department or political figures.
Trump distanced themselves from the release of the memo, saying it was ultimately up to Congress to decide what to do with the document.
“Whatever they do is fine, it was declassified, and we'll see what happens,” they said. “A lot of people should be ashamed.”
Trump ignored questions about whether or not they supported FBI officials mentioned in the memo.
“When you look at that and you see that and so many other things, what's going on, a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves,” they said.
PANDORA — Hopewell-Loudon rallied from deficits of 11 points after the first quarter and six points at halftime to outscore Pandora-Gilboa by 14 in the second half of a 57-49 Blanchard Valley Conference win Tuesday.
Alexis Feindel finished with a game-high 17 points and had six rebounds for Hopewell-Loudon (13-7, 6-4 BVC).
Hailey Coppus scored 13 points, Jacque Burns added 11 points and nine rebounds and Brooklyn Arbogast tallied a team-best 10 boards for the Chieftains, who outscored Pandora-Gilboa (13-7, 6-4) 19-7 in the third quarter to take over the game.
Paige Fenstermaker's 14 points and three steals led Pandora-Gilboa. Kristen Mullins and Toria Hovest added 11 points each, and Alexa Maag had a game-high 12 rebounds to lead the Rockets.
HOPEWELL-LOUDON (13-7, 6-4 BVC)
Feindel 5-6–17, Coppus 5-1–13, Burns 4-3–11, Arbogast 1-4–6, Pace 2-0–5, Siebenaller 1-1–3, Jameson 1-0–2. TOTALS: 19-64 15-24 — 57.
PANDORA-GILBOA (13-7, 6-4 BVC)
Fenstermaker 5-0–14, Mullins 4-3–11, T. Hovest 4-0–11, Maag 2-2–6, Ferguson 2-2–6, B. Hovest 0-1–1. TOTALS: 17-47 8-12 — 49.
Hopewell-Loudon 8 15 19 15 — 57
Pandora-Gilboa 19 10 7 13 — 49
3-Point GOALS: Hopewell-Loudon 4-8 (Coppus 2, Feindel & Pace); Pandora-Gilboa 7-18 (Fenstermaker 4, T. Hovest 3).
rebounds: Hopewell-Loudon 36 (Arbogast 10); Pandora-Gilboa 26 (Maag 12).
turnovers: Hopewell-Loudon 13; Pandora-Gilboa 23.
ARCADIA 68
ADA 34
ADA — Four players scored in double figures for Arcadia as the Redskins raced ahead early and finished strong in doubling up Ada 68-34 in a nonconference game.
The girls bout was a rescheduled game from a December 17 cancellation.
Mariah Monday paced Arcadia (14-7) with 17 points and seven assists and Danielle Burnett chipped in 15 with three steals. Logan Ward and Taylor Ware (eight rebounds) each scored 10 for the Redskins.
Haley Wyss was the lone scorer in double figures for the Bulldogs, who fell to 7-14, with a game-high 18 points including four 3s.
arcadia (14-7)
Monday 7-0–17, Burnett 7-0–15, Ward 4-0–10, Ware 5-0–10, Kieffer 3-0–6, Saltzman 2-0–4, Brubaker 1-0–2, Earl 1-0–2, Mock 1-0–2. TOTALS: 31-54 0-2–68.
ada (7-14)
Wyss 6-2–18, Gossard 2-2–7, Vore 1-1–4, Archer 1-0–2, England 1-0–2, Coulson 0-1–1. TOTALS: 11-41 6-8–34.
Arcadia 17 18 16 17 — 68
Ada 12 8 7 7 — 34
3-Point GOALS: Arcadia 6-11 (Monday 3, Ward 2, Burnett), Ada 6-22 (Wyss 4, Gossard & Vore).
rebounds: Arcadia 33 (Ware 8), Ada 19 (Vore 5).
turnovers: Arcadia 9, Ada 11.
junior varsity: Arcadia, 14-5.
Boys Basketball
OAK HARBOR 61
LAKOTA 36
OAK HARBOR — Oak Harbor held Lakota to single-digit scoring three of the four quarters Tuesday night as the Rockets posted a 61-36 Sandusky Bay Conference River Division victory over the Raiders.
Oak Harbor (6-13, 5-8 SBC) led 8-6 after one quarter, but outscored Lakota (4-17, 3-9) 35-21 over the middle two quarters.
Tate Smith's 13 points led Oak Harbor with Raymmon Behlmer adding nine.
Lakota got a 16-point effort from Josh Kagy.
lakota (4-17, 3-9 sbc)
Myers 0-2–2, J. Kagy 4-6–16, A. Kagy 2-0–5, Wehrle 3-0–6, Schaser 0-2–2, Gabel 0-1–1, White 2-0–4. TOTALS: 11 11-19–36.
oak harbor (6-13, 5-8 sbc)
Poiry 0-1–1, Harris 2-0–4, Alexander 4-0–8, Behlmer 3-2–9, Gezo 1-0–3, Schulte 3-2–8, McAtee 2-0–5. TOTALS: 23 11-17–61.
Lakota 6 5 16 9 — 36
Oak Harbor 8 14 21 18 — 61
3-Point GOALS: Lakota 3 (J. Kagy 2, A. Kagy); Oak Harbor 4 (Behlmer , Gezo, Schulte, McAtee).
turnovers: Lakota 17, Oak Harbor 10.
junior varsity: Oak Harbor, 47-37.
Comments
comments
PHILADELPHIA EAGLES (15-3) vs. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS (15-3)
KICKOFF: Sunday, 6:30 p.m. ET, U.S Bank Stadium, TV: NBC, Al Michaels, Cris Collinsworth, Michele Tafoya (field reporter). WESTWOOD ONE: Kevin Harlan, Boomer Esiason, Mike Holmgren, Tony Boselli, Ed Werder. SIRIUS: 88 (WW1), 83 (Philadelphia), 82 (New England), XM: 88 (WW1), 83 (Philadelphia), 82 (New England)
SERIES HISTORY: 14th all-time meeting. Eagles lead series, 7-6, but the Patriots won the most important matchup, a 24-21 victory over the Eagles in Super Bowl XXXIX. The Eagles won the last meeting in 2015, 35-28. But the Patriots won four of the last five meetings, including the Super Bowl victory.
GAMEDATE: 2/4/18
KEYS TO THE GAME:
--The Eagles are confident they can score points on the Patriots' defense. The Pats gave up 18.5 points a game and the Eagles 18.4. Because of Patriots quarterback Tom Brady's uncanny ability to quickly find the available receiver, Philadelphia must exert pressure with its front four, leaving more defenders to mix and match pass coverage. So it is a good sign for Philadelphia that the Eagles compiled 33 of 38 sacks with their front four in the regular season (35 of 42 including postseason). Defensive tackles Fletcher Cox and Tim Jernigan can collapse the pocket, allowing edge rushers to harass from the outside, as did defensive end Brandon Graham, who led the team with 9.5 sacks.
Eagles quarterback Nick Foles, the fill in for injured second-season sensation Carson Wentz, completed 4-of-5 passes that traveled at least 20 yards in the air against the Vikings in the NFC Championship Game. Prior to that, they were just 2-for-13 on 20-plus yard throws.
"Everybody knows that Nick is a good deep-ball thrower," offensive coordinator Frank Reich said. "We said it right from the very start. He's not afraid to throw it (deep). They want to throw it (deep)."
Reich on going up against Belichick, who won five Super Bowls: "I have an immense amount of respect for them and their staff and what he's done and what they have accomplished. We all know how hard that is (to accomplish). But we respect everybody, we don't fear anybody. We like our players. We like our staff and how we are going to game-plan. We're looking forward to the challenge."
--Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski was cleared Thursday from concussion protocol after being held out of duty, or allowed only limited action, since being injured against the Jacksonville Jaguars two Sundays ago. Brady opened the postseason with two impressive performances in which they completed 67 percent of their throws, with five touchdowns, no interceptions and a 105 passer rating. Their ability to take care of the ball negates one of Philly's greatest strengths, notching 19 interceptions during the regular season and two more in the NFC title win. With Gronkowski on the field, Brady has a dominant target down the middle. They also have a key slot option in the surging Danny Amendola (18 catches for 196 yards and two scores this January), a dangerous deep threat in Brandin Cooks and a pair of pass-catching back options in Dion Lewis and James White. That gives the Pats the ability to stretch the Eagles' No. 17 pass defense both vertically and horizontally.
Many believe the Eagles' cornerbacks are underrated, but they may be the target of many of Brady's passes on the outside to Cooks, Chris Hogan and others. The biggest issue, as always, is New England's offensive line dealing with the Eagles' dominant interior defensive pressure.
MATCHUPS TO WATCH:
--Patriots S Patrick Chung vs. Eagles TE Zach Ertz. Chung is one of the Patriots' most versatile and trusted defenders, but he's coming off a tough game, especially early on against Jacksonville when they allowed an easy touchdown to TE Marcedes Lewis. Chung will very much be in the mix covering Ertz, who not only led the Eagles with 74 catches for 824 yards and eight scores during the regular season, but had a game-high 93 yards on eight catches in the NFC title game.
--Patriots Gs Joe Thuney and Shaq Mason, and C David Andrews vs. Eagles DTs Fletcher Cox and Tim Jernigan. Cox, who had 5.5 sacks during the season, is the linchpin of Philadelphia's line. Often unblockable, they can wreck a game. Jernigan is also a big help, and has recovered from an illness. Andrews will likely have to help on Cox, but the line will have to work to keep the pocket clean for QB Tom Brady.
PLAYER SPOTLIGHTS:
--Eagles DE Chris Long. The 32-year-old Long, who won a Super Bowl ring with the Patriots last season, has been a key player for coordinator Jim Schwartz's defense. Their pressure on Minnesota quarterback Case Keenum in the NFC Championship Game altered a throw and forced an interception that was returned for a touchdown. They also recovered a fumble that set up another score.
--Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski. Gronkowski enters Super Bowl LII after 12 days in concussion protocol, which ended Thursday. Gronkowski's health and availability will be key to the Patriots' game plan against the Eagles, both running and passing. In the AFC title game, after Gronkowski was sidelined, the Patriots changed tactics and wide receiver Danny Amendola scored two touchdowns.
FAST FACTS:
--Patriots: QB TOM BRADY is all-time Super Bowl leader in pass yards (2,071), comp. (207), att. (309) & TD passes (15). Set Super Bowl record with 466 pass yards in Super Bowl LI. Is making NFL-record 8th career Super Bowl start & is only starting QB in league history to win 5 Super Bowls. Has won 4 Super Bowl MVP awards (XXXVI, XXXVIII, XLIX & LI), most in NFL history. Is postseason leader in career att. (1,416), comp. (892), pass yards (9,721) & pass TDs (68). Is 27-9 (.750) as starter in postseason, most wins by QB in league annals. Led NFL with 4,577 pass yards & ranked 1st in AFC with 32 TD passes, both most by QB at age 40 or older. RB DION LEWIS led team with career-high 896 rush yards. Has 207 scrimmage yards (103.5 per game) in past 2 postseason games. Has 573 scrimmage yards (114.6 per game) with 5 TDs (3 rush, 2 rec.) in past 5 (incl. playoffs). RB JAMES WHITE has 6 TDs (4 rush, 2 rec.) in past 3 postseason games. Since 2016 playoffs, leads NFL with 7 TDs (4 rush, 3 rec.) & 44 points in postseason play. Tied Super Bowl record with 3 TDs (2 rush, 1 rec.) last year. TE ROB GRONKOWSKI has 10 career TD catches in postseason, most among TEs in league annals & tied for 3rd most in NFL history. Has 856 career rec. yards in playoffs, most by TE in NFL history. Has 7 TD catches in their past 7 postseason games. WR DANNY AMENDOLA has 274 rec. yards (91.3 per game) & 3 TD catches in past 3 playoff games. Had 2 TD catches in 4th Q of AFC Champ Game. LB KYLE VAN NOY had 9 tackles, sack & FF in AFC Champ Game. LB JAMES HARRISON has 11 career sacks in postseason, tied for 5th most in NFL history.
Eagles: QB NICK FOLES completed 26 of 33 (78.8 pct.) for 352 yards with 3 TDs & 0 INTs for 141.4 rating in NFC Champ Game. Is only QB in NFL history to have 100+ rating in each of 1st 3 career postseason starts (min. 20 att/game). In 2017 postseason, is 2-0 with 122.1 rating. Foles is 4th QB in SB era to win 2 postseason games after making 3 or fewer starts in regular season. RB LeGARRETTE BLOUNT has rush TD in both playoff games this season. Has 10 career rush TDs in postseason (incl. 8 with NE), most among active players. RB JAY AJAYI has led club in rushing yards & scrimmage yards in both 2017 playoff games. Averaging 98.5 scrimmage yards per game in postseason. WR ALSHON JEFFERY had 2 TD catches in NFC Champ Game, incl. 53-yard TD. WR TORREY SMITH had 41-yard rec. TD & TE ZACH ERTZ had 8 catches for 93 yards vs. Min. Foles became 1st QB in NFL history with 40+ yard completion to 3 different players in single playoff game: Jeffery (53 yards), WR NELSON AGHOLOR (42) & Smith (41). S MALCOLM JENKINS had 99-yard INT-TD in last game vs. NE (12/6/15). CB PATRICK ROBINSON had 50-yard INT-TD in NFC Champ Game. Rookie DE DEREK BARNETT had sack & FF vs. Min. Since entering league in 2012, DT FLETCHER COX is 1 of 7 NFL DTs with 45+ TFL (45) & 30+ sacks (34). DE CHRIS LONG had FR in NFC Champ Game. Long & RB Blount were both members of NE's Super Bowl LI winning team.
PREDICTION: Before they play until they are 45-years-old, Brady must survive this Sunday's game. Like others, the Eagles will try to make Brady uncomfortable in the pocket. Many believe if Philadelphia gets more than three sacks, the Eagle will prevail. Maybe so, but the rest of the equation is that Philadelphia must take away Brady's ability to dump the ball to Gronkowski, Danny Amendola, or, as they did in the last Super Bowl, to running back James White. If that were easy, the Patriots wouldn't win so much.
OUR PICKS:
Frank Cooney: Patriots, 27-24
Howard Balzer: Eagles, 24-21
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Greece's culture ministry has rejected a request by Italian luxury brand Gucci to use the ancient Acropolis for a fashion event this summer.
Culture Minister Lydia Koniordou told state television a panel of ministry experts turned down the request late Tuesday, adding they were in “total agreement.”
The Acropolis is listed as a World Heritage Site by the United Nations cultural organization, Unesco.
Koniordou said: “We have a duty to defend the importance of (the Acropolis) … a global symbol of democracy and freedom.”
Requests for commercial use of ancient monuments in Greece are rarely approved.
American singer Jennifer Lopez was granted access to the Acropolis for a 2008 photo shoot. The site also featured in the 2014 film “The Two Faces of January” starring Viggo Mortensen and Kirsten Dunst.
Comments
comments
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH 495 IS IN EFFECT UNTIL 1100 PM CDT FOR THE FOLLOWING LOCATIONS
KANSAS COUNTIES INCLUDED IN OUYR AREA
RENO
RICE
HARVEY
KINGMAN
MARION
MCPHERSON
HOUSTON -- If you've been wanting some new Rockets gear, Wednesday may be the day to make your purchase.
The Rockets official team store is promoting the following special today:
"Today's Rockets Online & In-Arena Team Shop Special: ➡️ 50% OFF all Headwear and Apparel (Excluding Jerseys). http://bit.ly/2H35JhZ"
Of course the promotion didn't come without some criticism, with some "fans" saying the Clutch City shirts should be free or say Choke City instead.
Others are striking while the iron is hot.
On Memorial Day, the Rockets were up by 14 in the second quarter in Game 7 against the Golden State Warriors when they started missing from 3-point range. They shot themselves all the way from prime position to advance to the NBA Finals to the end of a solid season.
The Rockets led the NBA by making an average of 15.3 3-pointers on their way to a franchise-record 65 wins in their second year in coach Mike D'Antoni's high-octane offense. They made it to the conference finals for the first time since 2015, but were unable to overcome their worst shooting game of the postseason.
Houston made just 7 of 44 attempts in Game 7 on Monday night. Trevor Ariza was 0 for 9. Harden missed their last 11 tries in a 2-for-13 night, and Gordon connected on just 2 of 12 attempts.
"The first half, just our energy defensively was different. That created more opportunities for the 3 and they went in," Harden said. "As a result of that, we got a double-digit lead going into halftime. Those same opportunities were there in the second half, we just didn't make them. They made tough shots. That's it pretty much."
It was a bitter end to a sweet year for Houston.
(The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
© 2018 KHOU
RUSSIAN journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital on Wednesday, less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building.
The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take their life.
Ukrainian police had said on Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back and found bleeding there by their wife.
Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference on Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying.
They then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
Camera Icon Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in Kiev less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed. Picture: AP
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologised to their friends and family who mourned for him, including their own wife, and were unaware of the plan.
“I'm still alive,” they said. “Apologies to my wife, Olechka. I'm sorry, but there were no other options. The operation was being prepared for two months.
“They told me a month ago. As the result of the operation, a man is taken, they are in custody.”
Intelligence chiefs in Kiev say the Ukrainian assassin recruited by Russian intelligence officials to kill Babchenko had in turn hired an accomplice to act as the gunman — and both had been arrested.
“G” was paid $40,000 to kill Babchenko, 41, and had been in the process of acquiring a vast arsenal of automatic weapons and ammunition when they were taken into custody, according to Ukrainian security officials.
Camera Icon Arkady Babchenko has been scathingly critical of the Kremlin. Picture: AP
Thanks to this operation we were able to foil a cynical plot and document how the Russian security service was planning for this crime,” Mr Grytsak added.
A number of Kremlin critics have been killed in Ukraine in recent years, with one gunned down on a Kiev street in broad daylight and another whose car exploded.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats.
Babchenko fought in Russia's two Chechen campaigns in the 1990s and early 2000s before becoming a war correspondent and author. They repeatedly said they faced death threats.
Camera Icon The prominent Russian war correspondent and former soldier was thought shot dead in an apparent contract-style killing in the stairwell of their building in Kiev. Pic: AFP Picture: AFP
They have contributed to a number of media outlets including top opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta and is an avid blogger, accusing Russian authorities of killing Kremlin critics and unleashing wars in Ukraine, Syria and elsewhere.
They wrote about their experience as a young soldier in the Chechen campaigns in a book published in English under the title One Soldier's War.
Babchenko left Russia in February 2017 after receiving threats, living first in the Czech Republic, then in Israel, before moving to Kiev.
Camera Icon A view of the building where Babchenkohad lived and was supposedly shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday. The murder was faked. Picture: AP
They have hosted a program on the Crimean Tatar TV station ATR for the past year. Babchenko made a name for themselves with their poignant reportages from the front lines, including the conflict in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 10,000 people.
In recent years their increasingly bombastic posts pushed the boundaries of good taste and some of their colleagues and followers stopped reading them on Facebook.
JESSE TYLER FERGUSON & THE BECKHAM FAMILY
"The role of Claire is being played by @victoriabeckham. The role of Phil is being played by @davidbeckham," the Modern Family star jokingly wrote on Instagram, captioning a photo of the famous family's set visit."The role of Victoria Beckham is being played by @jessetyler. Thank you all for coming to visit the Modern Family set today! We loved having you all!!!"
Canada presses US to resume NAFTA renegotiation talks
OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — With Mexico's presidential election out of the way, Canada is renewing its push to speed up the NAFTA renegotiation this summer.
Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland has said that they spoke with U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer six times last week and that they want NAFTA talks to kick into a higher gear this summer.
U.S. President Donald Trump seems in no rush to sign a new NAFTA deal. In a Fox News interview that aired Sunday, Trump said they were holding out until after the fall's midterm election to get a better deal for the U.S.
The effort to restart stalled negotiations comes after the election of leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador as president. They said they support the continued renegotiation of NAFTA and wants their own team of experts to be part of the talks before they take office Dec. 1.
On Monday, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke with Lopez Obrador by phone. The two discussed "mutually beneficial economic and trading relationship between the two countries," Trudeau's office said in a statement.
The renewed call for negotiations also comes as Canada and the U.S. are swapping punitive tariffs on steel, aluminum and a host of consumer and agricultural products.
Trump has publicly complained about Canada's supply-management trade barriers, particularly on dairy, poultry and egg products. On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Canada had "taken advantage" of U.S. farmers.
Quebec's dairy producers association disagreed, telling The Associated Press in an email that American overproduction is the real cause of the U.S.'s problem with Canada's dairy tariffs. Phasing out Canadian dairy tariffs would "destroy Canada's dairy production" without actually resolving the U.S.'s production problems, the association said.
Soldiers escort Hector Beltran Leyva in Mexico City, in this handout picture taken October 1, 2014 REUTERS/Attorney General's Office/Handout via Reuters
MEXICO CITY A Mexican court has blocked efforts by the foreign ministry to extradite jailed drug lord Hector Beltran Leyva to the United States, judicial authorities said on Wednesday, just a few months after top kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman was sent north.
The Mexico City court granted Beltran Leyva, one of Mexico's most-wanted drug lords until their capture in 2014, an injunction in their appeal against extradition due to technicalities involving a failure to follow due process.
In a statement, Mexico's federal judicial authorities said the case would return to the original judge, who would begin the process afresh. Beltran Leyva remains locked up in the same high-security prison just outside Mexico City that Guzman escaped from through a mile-long tunnel in 2015.
The Beltran Leyva gang, which was linked to Guzman's Sinaloa Cartel until 2008, was one of Mexico's biggest drug smuggling organizations. But many of its key members are now either dead, behind bars in Mexico or serving time in the United States.
In January, just before U.S. President Donald Trump took office, Guzman was extradited to New York, in a deft move that served to please outgoing leader Barack Obama and their successor.
(Reporting by Anahi Rama; Editing by Richard Chang)
Naidoo faces multiple counts of fraud after people claimed that they conned them out of their millions in a foreign-exchange trading scheme. This was also confirmed by state prosecutor Jimmy Shongwe during court proceedings.
Johannesburg – Brendon Naidoo, boyfriend of popular house music deejay, DJ Zinhle was granted R50 000 bail at the Alexandra Magistrate Court on Tuesday morning.
Brendon Naidoo, boyfriend of popular house music deejay, DJ Zinhle was granted R50 000 bail at the Alexandra Magistrate Court. Picture: Supplied
Brendon Naidoo, boyfriend of popular house music deejay, DJ Zinhle was granted R50 000 bail at the Alexandra Magistrate Court. Picture: Supplied
Naidoo's lawyer, Himendra Naidoo said that the family was "rather ‘relieved' that their client's application had been successful.
In granting the bail, Magistrate Renier Boshoff said Naidoo would have to report to the Sandton Police station twice a week between 6am-6pm.
Naidoo, who was arrested on April 8, had been at the Johannesburg Central Prison for the period of their incarcerations.
They appeared in court with chains on their ankles, looking scruffy and exhausted. Naidoo was expected to be back in court on May 5.
@Zwane_2li2ls
[email protected]
NBC-TV says actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport.
NBC reports that Ford, an experienced pilot, was told to land on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but they mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby.
NBC says air traffic control recordings have Ford asking: "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?"
American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas.
Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined comment Tuesday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was the pilot of the single-engine Husky, but they say the pilot received and read back the proper landing instructions.
The FAA is investigating.
LONDON Spain's 2017 draft budget, due finally to be approved by government today, is interesting on a number of counts.
First, and against all odds, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has managed to secure enough backing to pass the law without relying on the Socialists - a sign they may be in a position to go for an entire four-year term when most analysts thought they would struggle to see it out.
Second, it will show how far Spain is moving away from a strict diet of austerity. In the last few days alone, it has promised 4 billion euros of infrastructure spending for Catalonia, a one percent increase in public sector wages, the conversion of 300,000 temporary public sector jobs into permanent contracts and thousands of new teacher jobs.
Such moves came about not only because it had to convince other parties to back the draft law but also because it is now betting on more growth rather than less spending to reach its deficit targets.
Arguing against an early tapering of its stimulus package, the European Central Bank has consistently said the current rise in euro zone inflation is mainly based on energy and commodities and will not last.
Data on Thursday suggested the caution was warranted. As this graphic - bit.ly/2olmYTG - shows, rising prices in Germany and Spain came down with a thump this month.
Today's euro zone inflation data for March may show whether that is reflected in the region as a whole. Reuters polls suggest it will dip year-on-year to 1.8 percent from 2 percent.
Speaking in Malta, EU President Donald Tusk will tell Britain today how the EU aims to negotiate its "orderly withdrawal" from the bloc, limit uncertainties for businesses and pave the way for a close future partnership.
Once endorsed by leaders at a summit on April 29, the guidelines they will present are intended to pave the way for talks which the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier expects to start in about two months.
Diplomats say they will reflect the 27's previous insistence on a "balance of rights and obligations" - notably that Britain will have less access to EU markets if it opts out of the bloc's system of centralised rules and common budget contributions. No surprises there.
MARKETS AT 0755 GMT
Q1 is over. Report card: Emerging markets stocks take pole position (+12 percent in Q1) followed by euro zone stocks and gold. Oil, commodities and the dollar index are poised to end the first quarter of the year as the worst performing asset classes globally.
Some notable reversals in the latter half of the quarter as some of the optimistic projections and forecasts on Trump got tested. In particular, U.S. banking stocks are poised to finish the quarter up just 2 percent after a breathtaking rally since last summer.
Quarter/month-end flows likely to make things choppier with some reallocations and portfolio adjustments already under way. Next week, the ECB begins its planned reduction in monthly bond buying.
In South Africa, President Jacob Zuma fired Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan as part of a wider cabinet reshuffle sending the rand tumbling for the fifth straight session, down 1.3 percent on the day and nearly 8 percent this week – the worst weekly performance in 15 months. Local assets are under pressure with the yield on the benchmark 2026 bond rising above 9 percent, Eurobond yields rise across the curve. Gordhan, seen as a steady hand by markets, will be replaced by Malusi Gigaba – home affairs head and an unknown quantity without real finance experience, according to analysts.
(Editing by Alison Williams)
View larger $12.99 $8.99 - Select Qty - 1 2
2 in stock
Poster SKU: 171212-68884-1
Part No: P2628
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Muhammad Ali items
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Genres: Sport
Poster Categories: Sports
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This handsome large format sports poster features boxing legend Muhammad Ali in an early pose. The poster includes the quotes “The greatest of all time” and “Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.”
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Subject: Muhammad Ali
Related Items
Categories
Featured | Posters - Reprints | Sport | Sports
If global stock prices being near record highs was your only indicator for the state of global health the might be quite surprised by recent talk about an international trade war that is threatening seven decades of global trade liberalisation.
US President Donald Trump's announcement of steel and aluminium trade tariffs two weeks ago was just the latest warning sign that the global growth recovery is not nearly as strong or “synchronised” as most economists claim.
Growth per capita remains weak across developed and developing nations, meaning the pie might not be getting smaller but each person's slice certainly is.
So leaders are looking at all sorts of means, fair or foul, to gain an advantage to appease the voters and stay in power.
US trade tariffs have steadily declined since the 1930s Depression-era spike, with just a brief blip around 1980, so this stumble back towards protectionism has dealt a heavy blow to free-trade proponents and growth bulls.
When the world was booming there was no need for tariffs because the benefits seemed obvious, now those left behind have serious doubts that can be used by populist leaders.
Mr Trump's tariffs — including their proposal to claw-back about $US60 billion lost to trade with China — might be a desperate political and economic tactic, but they also amount to a tacit realisation that the US official unemployment rate of 4.1 per cent is actually a grossly misleading statistic.
The US President has many flaws but their reflection of the plight of average American workers is far more accurate and understanding, genuine or not, than most other politicians and business leaders, though some doubt they are their primary concern.
Bloomberg economist Tom Orlik notes that between 2001 and 2016, real income for the bottom 20 per cent of US households didn't rise at all, and wages for the middle 20 per cent managed just a 4 per cent increase.
All this coincided with China being welcomed into the World Trade Organisation and then US companies “offshoring” jobs to Asia.
Global company profits soared, stocks too, but US workers were forced to turn to borrowing against bubbling house prices to maintain their standards of living.
All that came to an abrupt end in 2008 and the weakest post-recession recovery on record has only made matters worse.
About 16.7 million Americans of working age have since dropped out of the workforce, seriously flattering the unemployment rate.
And now the US Federal Reserve is hiking interest rates, not because wages are accelerating and inflation anywhere near threatening to get out of control, but in the apparent belief it needed room to cut when the next recession arrived.
“When the world was booming there was no need for tariffs because the benefits seemed obvious, now those left behind have serious doubts that can be used by populist leaders.”
Whether Mr Trump's tariffs will do anything to stave off recession, let alone boost jobs and US worker prosperity, is highly debatable, but the departure of ex-Goldman Sachs chief operating officer Gary Cohn as their economic adviser indicates fears of a global trade war are not unfounded.
China is the obvious target and really has its own protectionist measures to blame.
Explaining the rather sudden tariff announcements, Bank of New York Mellon strategists noted that from the latter part of last year the US trade deficit began to deteriorate rapidly, jumping 5 per cent in January alone to hit $US56.6 billion, its highest level since October 2008.
And the key driver was a 16.7 per cent surge in the deficit with China.
Giving Mr Trump some further justification, Reuters reports that global carmakers can only operate in China, the world's biggest auto market, via joint ventures limited to 50 per cent.
Foreign financial firms also face long-standing equity caps to participate in some services in China, including a 50 per cent limit on life insurance and a 49 per cent cap on foreign-invested securities broker-dealers.
China also keeps close control over the use of tech within its borders, including full or partial blocks against many popular US firms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and others. China's capital account and currency controls are also major obstacles to the free-flow of capital and goods into the world's second biggest economy.
So blame for a trade war would not be clear-cut. But it's not just a Sino-US matter.
There will be severe ripple affects across Asia, which is why markets are so on edge.
UBS economists said China now accounts for nearly half of the total US goods trade deficit, and over 40 per cent of the US imports from China are tech products and electrical equipment.
The “integrated global value chain” complicates the picture because, of the $US107 billion of tech products exported to the US from China, UBS estimates $US27 billion in “value-added” came from South Korea, Taiwan and Japan. And how exporters responded to tariff measures was far from certain.
“On the one hand, it depends on the price elasticity of demand — how sensitive the consumers are to price changes,” they said.
“On the other hand, it also depends on the degree of pass-through — to what extent the producers, and wholesale and retail distributors, are willing to absorb the extra costs from tariffs.”
That could all be complicated by exchange rate movements, such as the current weakening US dollar that is putting pressure on the eurozone's fragile recovery.
China's capital account could face the most risk as its steady source of US dollar earnings dried up, forcing it to sell US treasury bonds to meet domestic needs and in the process pressuring Western borrowers too.
Those are some of the arguments the likes of Mr Cohn might have made.
But Mr Orlik said what was striking was that the Trump administration appeared to see trade through the lens of great power competition with China.
“That means all the economic arguments against tariffs — lost markets for US firms, higher prices for US consumers, high inflation forcing the Federal Reserve to tighten more aggressively — might not gain traction,” they said.
“Viewed through the lens of great power competition, economic costs might be regarded as a price worth paying for strategic gains.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
And relax.
Today will be a dry and bright day and the risk of a shower is low, according to the Met Office.
After drizzly, clouding and borderline chilly days, the mercury will reach the dizzying heights of 23C and it will feel warm in the sunshine.
If there are any showers, they will have eased by the evening – which will be fine – and it will be dry through the night.
Cloud is due to roll in tomorrow morning, with rain expected on Wednesday evening as temperatures hit 21C.
Thursday to Saturday will be unsettled, with sunshine and showers, but it will turn windy.
And if you want to remain in blissful ignorance, look away now.
The showers could be heavy and perhaps thundery at times. Saturday should be drier.
All the latest news and weather is in our live blog.
For the past few years of their professional career, Olanrewaju ‘Larry' Kayode has enjoyed being an attacking protagonist during two seasons with Maccabi Netanya in Israel, followed by another two campaigns in the Austrian Bundesliga with Austria Wien. Hard work, quality performances and powerful finishing the 2016/17 season as the leading top-flight scorer in Austria, were enough to encourage Manchester City to knock at their door.
Whether that move was one of long-term vision by the English club, or simply motivated by their recently established links with Spanish side Girona, remains to be seen. 24-year-old Kayode currently finds themselves playing in La Liga rather than the Premier League, but with a genuine opportunity to follow in the footsteps of other leading Nigerian stars over the last three decades, there's the chance to really make a name for themselves in one of the top leagues in the world.
This is the first time the club has ever played in the Spanish top-flight since its foundation in 1930, so it's both uncharted and exciting territory for their fans, even if it could prove to be a long and difficult season. At odds of 5/2 and amongst the favourites for relegation in the La Liga betting, Girona have plenty to improve.
The same might be said for Kayode, who has yet to score for their new side, although in their defence, their participation in games has been very limited. Featuring just once in the starting eleven and with six further appearances from the substitutes bench, by the international break at the start of October, a closer look at the numbers is more revealing; just 186 minutes spent on the pitch and most of those coming towards the end of games.
Adapting to a new league and culture may provide one reason for Kayode not yet becoming a regular starter, despite the excellent scoring credentials at previous clubs. However, they also have stiff competition amongst the forward options in the shape of Cristhian Stuani, who boasts a wealth of La Liga experience. Additionally, the 30-year-old Uruguayan international already has three goals to their name so far this term.
Read Also: Kayode In Action As Barça Outclass Girona To Stay Top
Most of the substitute appearances made by Kayode have come when he's directly replaced Stuani in attack, but the Nigerian is faring better in terms of minutes played than another African striker at Girona, 23-year-old Kenya international Michael Olunga, likewise a recent addition during the summer on loan from Guizhou Zhicheng of China.
Girona boss Pablo Machin also tends to favour single striker formations. Interestingly, the only starting eleven appearance Kayode made was in the 0-0 draw away at Leganes, starting alongside Stuani to form an attacking duo and arguably performing better than the Uruguayan, yet sacrificed in the second half when Machin reverted to playing with a single striker.
After making their full international debut with Nigeria in the 1-1 friendly draw against Senegal last March, followed by another outing in the 3-0 win against Togo in June, Kayode will undoubtedly be keen to get more La Liga minutes if he's to impress Super Eagles boss, Gernot Rohr.
This season is looking as though it will be the most difficult yet of their career, but with patience and perseverance, the talented striker will hopefully rise to the challenge over the course of the campaign in Spain and be rewarded with the minutes they deserve.
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Them Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
Here's the latest booking activity from the Reno County Jail. This information is provided by the Reno County Sheriff's Office and is not criminal history. The Hutch Post assumes no legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, or completeness, of this information. All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. ——————————————
4/16/2017 Kelley Joshua William $7,500 Theft; Obtaining or exerting unauthorized control; $1,500 to $24,999
4/16/2017 Kelley Joshua William $7,500 Drugs;
Possess certain Hallucinogens (Marijuana, etc..)
4/16/2017 Kelley Joshua William $7,500 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia with intent to Store/Ingest/Inhale Controlled Substance
4/16/2017 Kelley Joshua William $7,500 Drugs; Distribute Substance containing Heroin / Methamphetamine; < 1g
4/16/2017 Miller Amanda Lucille $6,000 Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone)
4/16/2017 Miller Amanda Lucille $6,000 Drugs; Possess certain Hallucinogens (Marijuana, etc..)
4/16/2017 Miller Amanda Lucille $6,000 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia with intent to Store/Ingest/Inhale Controlled Substance
4/16/2017 Davis Aaron Bryant $0 Failure to Appear
4/16/2017 Davis Aaron Bryant $0 Failure to Appear
4/16/2017 Brewer Jr Paul Hewitt $0 Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; > $25,000
4/16/2017 Corcoran Corene Ann $0 DL Violation; Drive while Susp/Revoked/Cancelled; 1st conviction
4/16/2017 Corcoran Corene Ann $0 Insurance; Fail to Show Proof of Liability Insurance
4/16/2017 Courson Realiti Dawn $0 Battery; Domestic; Intentional or Reckless Bodily Harm (1st conviction)
4/16/2017 Courson Realiti Dawn $0 Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; < $1,000
4/16/2017 Courson Realiti Dawn $0 Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; < $1,000
4/16/2017 Schmidt Jonas Joshua $1,300 DL Violation; Drive while Susp/Revoked/Cancelled; 2 or more convictions
4/16/2017 Schmidt Jonas Joshua $1,300 DL Violation; Drive While Habitual Violator
4/16/2017 Schmidt Jonas Joshua $1,300 Liability Insurance; Operate Vehicle without
4/16/2017 Schmidt Jonas Joshua $1,300 Registration Violation; Fail to Remove / Illegal Possession after Transfer of Ownership
4/16/2017 Schmidt Jonas Joshua $1,300 Registration Violation; Display or Possess a False, Cancelled, Suspended or Revoked Title, Plate, Decal, Placard
4/16/2017 Schmidt Paula Kay $1,500 Failure to Appear
4/16/2017 Young Terry Ray $0 Violation of Protection Order; Violate Court Order issued as Condition of Release after Conviction
4/16/2017 Young Terry Ray $0 Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; < $1,000
4/16/2017 Young Terry Ray $0 Stalking; Conduct causing fear to a person or person's family
4/16/2017 Zahn Kevin Allen $0 Criminal Use of Weapons; Sell/Manuf/Purchase/Poss any bludgeon/sandclub/metal knuckles/throwing star/knife
4/16/2017 Zahn Kevin Allen $0 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia with intent to Store/Ingest/Inhale Controlled Substance
4/16/2017 Zahn Kevin Allen $0 Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone)
4/16/2017 Dick Jonathan Allen $5,000 Failure to Appear
4/16/2017 Davenport Jason Gabriel $500 Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; < $1,000
4/16/2017 Cubbage Jason Lee $0 DUI; Alcohol Concentration .08 or more shown by competent evidence; 1st Offense
4/16/2017 Cubbage Jason Lee $0 Interference with Law Enforcement; Obstruct, Resist, Oppose, Misd case, Execution of Misd Warrant
4/16/2017 Cubbage Jason Lee $0 Alcohol; Illegal Transportation of Alcoholic Beverage
4/16/2017 Johnson Essence Simone $0 Drugs; Possess Certain Hallucinogens (Marijuana, etc..)
4/16/2017 Johnson Essence Simone $0 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia with intent to Store/Ingest/Inhale Controlled Substance
4/15/2017 Wilhaus Cody Donald $1,500 DUI; Alcohol Concentration .08 or more shown by competent evidence; 3rd Offense; with Prior Conviction within 10 yrs
4/15/2017 Wilhaus Cody Donald $1,500 Refusal of Preliminary Breath Test
4/15/2017 Rue David Eugene $0 FTA; Municipal Court
4/15/2017 Griffith Sr Steven Eugene $500 Failure to Appear
4/15/2017 Muns Kristie Ann $5,000 Probation Violation
4/15/2017 Young Terry Ray $0 Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; < $1,000
4/15/2017 Cunningham Jeramy Michael $5,500 Theft; Obtaining or exerting unauthorized control; Less than $1,500
4/15/2017 Cunningham Jeramy Michael $5,500 Theft; Obtaining or exerting unauthorized control; Less than $1,500
4/15/2017 Cunningham Jeramy Michael $5,500 Drugs; Possess Certain Hallucinogens (Marijuana, etc..)
4/15/2017 Cunningham Jeramy Michael $5,500 Criminal Damage to Property; Without consent; < $1,000
4/15/2017 Cunningham Jeramy Michael $5,500 Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone)
4/15/2017 Cunningham Jeramy Michael $5,500 Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone)
4/15/2017 Cunningham Jeramy Michael $5,500 Failure to Appear
4/15/2017 Holler Alyssa Lanea $100,000 Drugs; Distribute Hallucinogenic designated in 65-4105d, 4107g, 4109g; More than 1Kg
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 Drugs; Distribute Substance containing Heroin / Methamphetamine; 1g to < 3.5g
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone)
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia w/ intent to Manuf/Grow/Distribute a Controlled Substance
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 Criminal Possession of Firearm by Felon; Drug Conviction, possession of firearm at time
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 Drugs; Possess Pseudoephedrine/Lithium/Anhydrous or other Precursors with intent to Manufacture
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 Interference with Law Enforcement; Obstruct, Resist, Oppose; Felony Case, Execution of a Felony Warrant
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 DL Violation; Drive while Susp/Revoked/Cancelled; 1st conviction
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 Insurance; Fail to Show Proof of Liability Insurance
4/15/2017 Anderson James Emery $0 Drugs; Possess certain Hallucinogens (Marijuana, etc..)
4/15/2017 Laws Hali Elizabeth $20,000 Drugs; Distribute Substance containing Heroin / Methamphetamine; 1g to < 3.5g
4/15/2017 Laws Hali Elizabeth $20,000 Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone)
4/15/2017 Laws Hali Elizabeth $20,000 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia w/ intent to Manuf/Grow/Distribute a Controlled Substance
4/15/2017 Laws Hali Elizabeth $20,000 Criminal Use of Weapons; Possession of Firearm by someone Addicted to and an unlawful user of controlled substance
4/15/2017 Laws Hali Elizabeth $20,000 Drugs; Possess certain Hallucinogens (Marijuana, etc..)
4/15/2017 Laws Hali Elizabeth $20,000 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia with intent to Store/Ingest/Inhale Controlled Substance
4/14/2017 Heironimus Daiquiri Ann $0 DL Violation; No Drivers License
4/14/2017 Heironimus Daiquiri Ann $0 Registration Violation; Display or Possess a False, Cancelled, Suspended or Revoked Title, Plate, Decal, Placard
4/14/2017 Heironimus Daiquiri Ann $0 Registration Violation; Display or Possess a False, Cancelled, Suspended or Revoked Title, Plate, Decal, Placard
4/14/2017 Heironimus Daiquiri Ann $0 Liability Insurance; Operate Vehicle without
4/14/2017 Heironimus Daiquiri Ann $0 Liability Insurance; Operate Vehicle without
4/14/2017 Heironimus Daiquiri Ann $0 Liability Insurance; Operate Vehicle without
4/14/2017 Diehl Greg Eugene $0 Failure to Appear
4/14/2017 Nusser Taryn Lorree $0 Failure to Appear
4/14/2017 Sims Courtney Jerome $0 Probation Violation
4/14/2017 Jones Alicia Camille $0 DUI; Alcohol Concentration within 3 hrs is .08 or more; 2nd Offense
4/14/2017 Davenport Jason Gabriel $0 Theft; Obtaining or exerting unauthorized control; Less than $1,500
4/14/2017 Mathis Sheldon Patrick $0 Failure to Appear
4/14/2017 Torres Pleasure Marie Uluwehi $0 DL Violation; No Drivers License
4/14/2017 McMann Brandon Thomas $2,500 Battery; Domestic; Rude, Insulting or Angry Physical Contact (1st conviction)
4/14/2017 Boele Bryant James $2,500 Failure to Appear
4/14/2017 Smith Buddy Joe $0 Making False Information
4/14/2017 Smith Buddy Joe $0 Forgery; Issuing or distributing
4/14/2017 Smith Buddy Joe $0 Forgery; Issuing or distributing
4/14/2017 Smith Buddy Joe $0 Theft; By Deception; from 3 businesses within 72 hours
4/14/2017 Smith Buddy Joe $0 Theft; By Deception; from 3 businesses within 72 hours
4/14/2017 Oneill Larry Dale $0 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia with intent to Store/Ingest/Inhale Controlled Substance
4/14/2017 Oneill Larry Dale $0 Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone)
4/14/2017 English Christopher Eugene $0 Failure to Appear
4/14/2017 Hamby Todd Byron $0 Illegal Burn; Build, Maintain, Attend or use any open fire
4/14/2017 Chaney Gary Don $0 Probation Violation
4/14/2017 Chaney Gary Don $0 Probation Violation
4/14/2017 Chaney Gary Don $0 Probation Violation
4/14/2017 Cully Virginia Rose $0 Failure to Appear
4/14/2017 Armstrong Lisa Dawn $0 Harassment by Telephone; Texting to harass or threaten
4/14/2017 Armstrong Lisa Dawn $0 Criminal Threat; with Intent to Terrorize or cause Evacuation
4/14/2017 Armstrong Lisa Dawn $0 Harassment by Telephone; Texting to harass or threaten
4/14/2017 Armstrong Lisa Dawn $0 Criminal Threat; with Intent to Terrorize or cause Evacuation
4/14/2017 Compton Jr Billy Eugene $0 Failure to Appear
4/14/2017 Scaife Derrick Marcel Jamon $0 Probation Violation
Full Jail Log
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - Police in Ohio's capital city say two officers who fatally shot a black man last summer followed department policy on using force.
Columbus police on Wednesday announced the review board's findings about the conduct of officers Samuel James and Marc Johnson in the shooting of 30-year-old Kareem Ali Nadir Jones last July .
Police say they spotted Jones walking between cars and behaving erratically, then fired when their behavior escalated into a perceived threat. Police say body camera video shows Jones reaching for a gun in their waistband.
Their sister has said they think Jones was trying to toss the gun.
The officers weren't charged but face a lawsuit alleging the shooting was unjustified and they conspired to provide misleading information about what happened.
The local police union has denied those allegations.
The lawsuit also alleged Columbus police have practices and policies that allow for or encourage unreasonable force, despite a previous U.S. Justice Department lawsuit against Columbus over its use-of-force practices. The Justice Department dropped that matter in 2002 after concluding Columbus had made policy changes to help curb racial profiling and excessive force by police.
Dépaysement (2017)
Foreign/National
Read more
'Dépaysement' is the sound of being somewhere far, far away from home. It hums with the shock of being suddenly alone - in a place where no one cares who you are or what you're doing.
The owners of video game marketplace Steam said it has removed a game where players could simulate a school shooting either as police or the shooter themselves.
Valve Corporation said it has pulled Active Shooter, which was scheduled to launch on the Steam platform June 6.
Valve also said after investigating the controversy surrounding the game, it learned a person identified as Ata Berdiyev was behind the game's publisher, Revived Games, and developer Acid.
A computer video game called 'Active Shooter' would allow players to choose between a member of a SWAT team disarming an active shooter, or to become the shooter themselves.
Getty Images/iStockphoto
"Ata is a troll, with a history of customer abuse, publishing copyrighted material, and user review manipulation," said Valve in a statement.
Active Shooter was described as a "dynamic SWAT simulator" where players can choose to work as the member of a SWAT team attempting to disarm the shooter, or the shooter themselves.
A box to the left of the screen kept track of how many police officers and civilians were killed. A video featuring the game briefly shows what appears to be the shooter firing at civilians as they try to run away.
The video game angered lawmakers and parents of school shooting victims who felt the game was inappropriate.
"I have seen and heard many horrific things over the past few months since my daughter was the victim of a school shooting and is now dead in real life. This game may be one of the worst," said Fred Guttenberg, whose daughter was among the students killed during February's shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, in a statement on Twitter.
The game also spawned a petition on Change.org receiving more than 190,000 signatures urging Valve to remove it from Steam.
Steam offers a developer program allowing smaller game designers to publish their video games — commonly played on PCs or Macs — on the platform. The marketplace includes several guidelines for inappropriate content including "content that is patently offensive or intended to shock or disgust viewers."
Valve said it plans to have "a broader conversation about Steam's content policies" soon.
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Biologists use eDNA to find insect invaders
Biologists can use environmental DNA ("eDNA") found in water samples - from the feces, shed skin, and carcasses of fish, insects, and other aquatic animals - to detect the presence of species. Until recently, however, this method has mostly been limited to aquatic ecosystems. Now, a group of Rutgers University researchers has developed a way to obtain and analyze eDNA on land. The new method detects the bugs more effectively than other tests such as blacklights or pheromone traps. Since it enables early detection of pests - one of the main keys to eradication - this approach could revolutionize agricultural pest surveillance.
Author Contact: Rafael E Valentin (Raf.E.Valentin@gmail.com)
Valentin RE, Fonseca DM, and Nielsen AL et al. Early detection of invasive exotic insect infestations using eDNA from crop surfaces. Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment 16: 265-70. https:/ / esajournals. onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ fee. 1811
Eco-culture of Great Barrier Reef and other iconic ecosystems
Coral reef researchers carried out a survey that establishes the cultural importance of Australia's Great Barrier Reef, and show how the less tangible values of ecosystems can be incorporated into environmental decision making. One of the challenges for conservation is that the "value" of an area being managed (or affected by human disturbance) encompasses much more than just the ecosystem's contribution to the economy. Stakeholders also value the traditions, customs, emotional well-being, and sense of identity that ecosystems like the Great Barrier Reef can provide. The researchers surveyed tourists, local and indigenous residents, commercial fishers, and other stakeholder groups in Australia to determine the importance of several cultural values provided by the GBR. The authors discuss how such surveys can give environmental managers and policymakers a way to more clearly realize the non-monetary value of ecosystems.
Author Contact: Nadine Marshall (nadine.marshall@csiro.au)
Marshall N, Barnes ML, Birtles A, et al. Measuring what matters in the Great Barrier Reef. Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment 16: 271-77. https:/ / esajournals. onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ full/ 10. 1002/ fee. 1808
Fish-friendly architectural engineering design for marine infrastructure
Underwater structures like marinas, breakwaters, pilings, oil rigs, and offshore wind farms may not be conducive to colonization by fish populations. The prevalence of these structures along coasts undergoing development threaten marine habitats. A group of Australian researchers has devised a way to help managers use principles of ecological engineering to design marine infrastructure that benefits both humans and nature. The authors consider how the physical characteristics like hole size and roughness of both natural and artificial reefs can be incorporated into customized human structures to provide habitat for fishes. For example, the foundations of offshore wind turbines could be specially designed to include holes or structural features that benefit fish abundance in the long term.
Author Contact: Rebecca L Morris (rebecca.morris@unimelb.edu.au)
Morris RL, Porter AG, Figueira WF, et al. 2018. Fish-smart seawalls: a decision tool for adaptive management of marine infrastructure. Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment 16: 278-87. https:/ / esajournals. onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ fee. 1809
Who are the winners and losers and in an oil sands landscape?
Exploitation of the oil sands in western Canada is transforming the boreal forest landscape in unprecedented ways. Media coverage has often focused on the detrimental effects of open-pit mines, but in-situ drilling and its associated landscape disturbances, which span most of northern Alberta and parts of British Columbia and Saskatchewan, have received less attention. A new study by two Canadian researchers shows how this type of drilling influences populations of gray wolf, white-tailed deer, moose, American black bear, coyote, Canada lynx, fisher, red fox, snowshoe hare, and American red squirrel across the region. A combination of camera-trapping and landscape analysis revealed far-reaching effects on wildlife abundance and distribution. A criss-crossing grid of paths cleared for drilling exploration has opened up new thoroughfares for predators, forests cut down for development have been replaced with new vegation, and the balance between predators and prey is shifting in the new industrial landscape.
Author Contact: Jason Fisher (fisherj@uvic.ca)
Fisher JT and Burton AC. Wildlife winners and losers in an oil sands landscape. Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment. https:/ / esajournals. onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ full/ 10. 1002/ fee. 1807
###
Contact: Zoe Gentes, 202-833-8773 ext. 211, zgentes@esa.org">zgentes@esa.org
FILE - In this Jan. 23, 2017 file photo, actor Mark Hamill poses for a portrait during the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - Kansas is rolling out the welcome mat after "Star Wars" actor Mark Hamill tweeted about wanting to visit.
Gov. Jeff Colyer suggested Monday in a tweet that Hamill come on May 4, which fans call Star Wars Day for the wordplay on "May the Force be with you."
Kansas Highway Patrol Trooper Ben Gardner responded with "I only let Jedi Warriors drive my patrol car." The state touted its roads in a tweet that included a video clip of Batman's archenemy, the Joker, whom Hamill has voiced.
The love fest began after Hamill was asked in Twitter where he'd never been but wanted to go. They responded with the one-word answer of "Kansas." One fan photo edited the Cowardly Lion, Tin Man, Scarecrow and Dorothy into the Millennium Falcon's cockpit.
March 31 Numis Corporation Plc
* Steady rise in UK equity markets has been helpful to our equities revenues
* We have seen a paucity of primary equity issuance in UK market as a whole and increase in m&a activity has yet to fully benefit our top line
* As a result, total income will be moderately below first half of last year.
* Based on strength of our pipeline, we remain confident in outturn for full year. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Rachel Armstrong)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 BP Plc shareholder:
* 2017 pay policy looks set to significantly reduce the total pay that CEO Bob Dudley will be awarded going forward
* We applaud the BP remuneration committee for being proactive in responding to the shareholder revolt last year Further company coverage:
By Larry Lage
DETROIT (AP) — Darren Fells dreamed of being in the NFL while they were playing professional hoops overseas.
Instead of sticking with basketball as a profession and collecting a steady six-figure salary for a sixth season, Fells decided to take a shot at playing football.
Seattle gave them their first opportunity to change sports in 2013, working them out initially as a defensive end before inviting them to training camp as a tight end. The Seahawks signed and cut them twice that year and they ended up spending a season on Arizona's practice squad before making their NFL debut with the Cardinals in 2014.
After they spent three seasons in Arizona, usually relegated to blocking, the Detroit Lions signed them in March. They were expected to block most of the time for the Lions, but they matched a career high with four receptions in last week's win at Minnesota.
“Every day, I pinch myself when I walk in here,” Fells said softly, standing in Detroit's locker room. “It is still a dream.”
Fells may not be a star for the Lions (3-1) when they host the Carolina Panthers (3-1) on Sunday, but they might have the best backstory of anyone on the turf at Ford Field.
They resumed their football career five years ago after it was dormant for a decade. After being a standout tight end and defensive end at Fullerton High School in California, they ignored advice and chose to play basketball at UC Irvine instead of football at a larger college.
“Straight out of high school, everybody told me I should've played football over basketball,” Fells recalled. “After senior year in college, I got a call from my head coach and they told me Minnesota wanted to give me a tryout. I'm thinking, ‘Timberwolves?' They said, ‘No, Vikings.' I said, ‘They do know I play basketball, right? That's weird.'
“I had a tryout and they wanted to have me come to training camp, but I had a guaranteed contract from five countries to play basketball and make about $100,000 with the team paying taxes, an apartment, a car and some food.”
Fells played basketball for two years in Belgium and went on to spend time in Finland, France, Mexico and Argentina.
While there are and have been college basketball players such as San Diego tight end Antonio Gates and former NFL star Tony Gonzalez, and track stars, including former NFL receiver Willie Gault, to make a leap to the league, it's seems unlikely another athlete paved the way for Fells' path.
“I can't think of anyone that has done it like him,” said former Dallas Cowboys general manager Gil Brandt, who has six-plus decades of experience in and around the NFL.
Here are some other things to watch:
WILL They TALK TO HER?: Panthers quarterback Cam Newtonlost an endorsement deal on Thursday because the company perceived their comments to be “sexist” to a female reporter. Newton might face questions from at least one woman on Sunday because Fox assigned Pam Oliver to be the game's sideline reporter.
USUALLY PIVOTAL: Carolina has given up the ball five more times than it has forced turnovers, ranking ahead of only Chicago in the NFL in that key statistic. Newton has thrown five interceptions, three in a 21-point loss to New Orleans, to account for most of the Panthers' seven turnovers. Carolina's defense is No. 4 in yards allowed, but has forced just two turnovers to rank ahead of only Miami. The Lions, meanwhile, lead the league in forcing nine more turnovers than they have given up.
YOU AGAIN?: The Lions have seen plenty of Julius Peppers over the years, most recently in Green Bay and Chicago. Now, he's back in Carolina and the 37-year-old defensive end doesn't seem to be slowing down. They had their second two-sack game of the season in New England.
“I can't get away from that guy,” Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford said. “He looks like the Julius Peppers I've played against my entire career.”
BYRD ON A WIRE: Carolina lost starting safety Kurt Coleman for a month to a knee injury against the Patriots. They signed three-time Pro Bowl safety Jairus Byrd to add depth, giving them another experienced player in the secondary to go along with 36-year-old safety Mike Adams. It's unclear if Byrd will be ready to start or if the Panthers will stick with rookie Demetrious Cox, who replaced Coleman during last week's game.
The Panthers won't have to face rookie receiver Kenny Golladay, who was held out of practice all week with a hamstring injury and will miss a second straight game. Golladay scored two touchdowns in their NFL debut.
GROUND GAINS: Detroit is slowly improving its running game, going from among the NFL's worst to relatively average. Ameer Abdullah had a career-high 94 yards on 20 carries in last week's win over the Vikings and seemed to survive an injury scare. They went out late in the game with an ankle injury, but was cleared for a full practice on Thursday.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Nope, no Audrey Horne on Twin Peaks this week. I think the solution to their ever-deepening mystery won't be wrapped up for at least a few more episodes. And for the record, I do not believe they are an actor or somehow trapped inside the soap opera “Invitation To Love” from the original series. I mean, c'mon, think about it, that makes no sense. She's an actor in a soap opera playing a character with their own name? A soap opera that references events taking place in their hometown? That's completely absurd (right??). That theory is just desperate fan boys (like me) grasping at bitter, beautiful straws from 26 years ago.
Nonetheless, Part 14 was wonderful, gorgeous and strange. And although I feel like I've said this several times before, all of the storylines are truly coming together now. When Diane (Laura Dern) revealed that their sister Janey-E (Naomi Watts) lives in Vegas with their husband Douglas Jones, two things happened: My head exploded and an enormous page turned.
This is truly the beginning of the final chapter of Twin Peaks: The Return.
Every storyline can now be linked to the others. A giant, cataclysmic showdown between Good (Coop) and Evil (Coop) is looming just over the horizon. And I am sad to say we have only four more episodes spread over three nights. What wondrous, crazy things must be in store for us? But for now, here's my recap of Twin Peaks, Part 14:
IN SOUTH DAKOTA | Albert briefs Tammy on the first Blue Rose case from 1975. No surprise, it involved doppelgangers. A woman killed their evil double, and then the double disappeared. Tammy refers to the dead missing double as a “tulpa,” which is a concept from Tibetan mythology. A tulpa is an independent entity brought into being by the power of belief. Which likely explains the existence of Dougie Jones. Remember when the One Armed Man told us that Dougie was “manufactured”? Dougie was likely a tulpa, a doppelganger, a double (remember the show is called TWIN Peaks) manufactured by Evil Coop. BTW, that original Blue Rose case was investigated by young FBI field agents and partners Gordon Cole (David Lynch) and Phillip Jeffries (David Bowie, to whom this episode was dedicated).
Meanwhile, Cole is on the phone with Lucy and Sherriff Truman. Truman tells Cole about Laura's diary pages, and how they suggest the possibility of two Coopers. Then Cole joins Albert, Tammy and Diane for coffee. Diane drops the bombshell about their sister Janey-E, but let's remember that Diane has been very untrustworthy lately and this whole thing could be just another convoluted plot to rub Dougie out. Cole instructs the Las Vegas FBI to locate the Jones' immediately. And hello to Mad Men's Stan (Jay R. Ferguson) nailing their one hilarious joke. After Diane leaves, Cole tells Albert and Tammy about their “Monica Bellucci dream.” Cole dreamt they were in Paris with, yes, actual actor Monica Bellucci. (You should really rewatch this scene and pay careful attention to Monica Bellucci's fingers: they form them into two points, two matching twin peaks, and then drops one with a sad look. My interpretation: one twin will die. Evil Coop has to go.) Bellucci also tells Cole: “We are like the dreamer who dreams. And then lives inside the dream. But who is the dreamer?” This statement is curiously similar to Jeffries (Bowie) in Fire Walk With Me shrieking “We live inside a dream!” And then, back in Cole's dream, Cole turns around to watch that very scene from the prequel film. We see young Cooper, back before Laura Palmer was killed, telling Cole that they are worried about their own dream (the show is spiraling in upon itself, like the vortex later in the woods). And then Jeffries arrives to rat Cooper out: he's not who you think! It was all greatly confusing but seriously rewarding for hard core Twin Peaks and FWWM fans. The upshot: Jeffries went back in time to warn everybody that Cooper would split in two. (Although technically they split into three: the Good, the Bad and the Dougie. Which would makes sense because Major Briggs' deep space chatter transcripts from Season Two said “COOPER/COOPER/COOPER.” Even if they only included two of those in the secret humming tube hidden inside the chair for their son Bobby.)
IN TWIN PEAKS | Chad is arrested and thrown in the slammer. They all know he's a crooked cop. And then Truman, Hawk, Andy and Bobby set off into the woods towards Jack Rabbit's Palace (as instructed by the other message in Major Briggs' secret tube). At the end of their journey, the four cops find a woman sleeping naked in the forest. Why, it's Naido, the eyeless woman from the purple room who fell away into space back in Part 3. They must have fallen out of the vortex that just then re-opens to take Andy away. (One of the things I am enjoying most about this season of Twin Peaks is that every original character is getting a great moment, or being made important in some unexpected way. Andy has always been a clown, and I never suspected, but seriously loved, that they would be chosen for such an incredible event). Andy meets the Giant, whom we now know by their real name, The Fireman. The Fireman shows Andy a supercut of Twin Peaks, then sends them back to earth to protect Naido.  They are placed into a jail cell near Chad, and an unknown bleeding drunk. The nonsense that follows is both creepy and wonderful (not to mention a brilliant callback to Bobby and Mike barking at James from their jail cell in the original pilot).
Speaking of James Hurley, turns out they are now a security guard at the Great Northern Hotel. They have to do things like check the furnace in the scary basement. There's a metal door down there that looks suspiciously like it could be the other side of the door from Part 3, the door that “mother” was banging on in the purple room (where Naido lived). James' co-worker with the mysterious green glove on one hand is Freddie (Jake Wardle). It turns out that Freddie also met The Fireman (that vortex has openings all over the world). The Fireman gave Freddie one super strong hand and sent them off to Twin Peaks. It seems that the Fireman is orchestrating everything, and I am guessing that Freddie and their hand will play an important part in the great reckoning that takes place once every single character arrives in town.
Finally, we find Sarah Palmer skulking around in the dark, headed to a local bar for a Bloody Mary (an apt drink for what was to come). As I said, every character is getting one great moment, and this scene should win Grace Zabriskie some serious prizes. They warn a drunk a-hole not to sit next to her, then snarls at them “I'll eat you.” And then they take their face off. I'm not exactly sure what was inside Sarah's head (it seemed like two water jets, clouds of black smoke, a hand with the “spiritual finger” blacked out, then a leering smile) but I am reasonably sure that what we see is the exact opposite of what we saw inside Laura Palmer's head when they took their own face off in Part 2: Laura was filled with bright light. Sarah then puts their face back on and bites the jerk's neck wide open, killing him. Sarah bounces back and forth between (fake?) terror and frightening non-concern. So is Sarah evil now? Or do they have an evil double? Is that who was rattling around in the kitchen when Hawk came to check on her? Does this somehow point to Sarah being the little girl in New Mexico who swallowed the (evil?) Fricket bug? Whatever is going on, it is interesting that Sarah seemed to know the jerk in the bar was in danger. They warned them off. It's almost like Sarah Palmer is the Hulk, afraid of their own powers, whatever they may be.
BONUS POINTS | At first, it seemed like all those random people popping up in the Road House, drinking beers in the “Frank” booth (that's a Blue Velvet reference), were new and important characters who were going to be big parts of the show. So many new faces! Remember the girl with the hideous armpit rash? Remember Jane Levy from Suburgatory yelling at Richard Horne to leave their friend alone? Remember Trick (Scott Coffey) complaining about being run off the road? But then, two weeks ago in Part 12, I started to suspect that these characters were all just part of a big soap opera parody. They talked about people we are never going to meet, discussed dramas that would never be more than asides. It seemed Lynch and Frost were boiling the original showdown to a series of complicated soapy subplots just to amuse themselves. This new season was important and deep! And for those who wanted the old show, well — ha! — here's a running sketch about nighttime dramas.
The final scene in Part 14 was more of the same. Two nameless women talking about Paula (whoever that is), their stolen sweater, and getting high all alone up in your room. And then… one of the women (played by David Lynch's actual current wife Emily Stofle) asked the other (Shane Lynch, no relation) if they had seen Billy recently. That damn Billy. We keep hearing about them and we have very, very little idea who they are. Are they the owner of the hit and run truck? The same guy who stood Andy up at the corner of Sparkwood and 21? They might be. But what's interesting is that these seemingly random Road House conversations are starting to connect to other parts of the show. Someone yelled into the RR Diner “Has anybody seen Billy?” And Audrey has talked a lot about Billy.  They are apparently having an affair with them (if she's not dreaming all that up somewhere in a coma). And now these random women are talking about Billy. They discuss the scary blood dripping out of Billy's mouth. Just like the drunk guy in jail, dripping blood onto their cell floor. The pieces are coming together. Just like Diane suddenly connecting the South Dakota storyline to the Vegas storyline by mentioning Janey-E. Just like the Vegas timeline connecting to the Twin Peaks timeline when Cooper's hotel key arrives in the mail (the connection being a key is a nice touch).
All of this built to a weirdly terrifying head when the first woman simply asked the other, “What's your mom's name?” Considering that these are two characters we have never met before, I find it quite amazing that I was on the very edge of my seat waiting to hear the answer to that question. And then I actually stood up and walked towards my TV (something I've never done before) in anticipation. Who is that woman's mother? The mother is apparently sleeping with Billy (whoever they are). Does that mean that the mother is Audrey? Does Audrey also have a daughter? Is this woman in the Road House the long awaited Linda? Why do I care so much when I have no idea what is going on? The five seconds between question and answer felt like five days.
And then the answer came. Them mother is “Tina.” Ominous music immediately kicked in. Tina is the woman Audrey and their husband Charlie have been arguing about. Charlie called Tina and then refused to share whatever horrible news they told him. What does all this mean? Is it confirmation that Audrey is alive and not in a coma and not trapped in a soap opera and not role playing with their therapist and not crazy and not institutionalized? If Billy and Tina are real, then Audrey is real too, right? If Diane can suddenly destroy all the “Dougie in Vegas is just a dream” theories by mentioning their sister Janey-E, then does this random woman in the Road House mentioning Tina suddenly destroy all the theories that Audrey is also dreaming? Is the secret of the show that everything is actually happening in the same world in the same timeline?
Or is the secret of the show that Cooper and Audrey are both dreaming? Maybe this whole show is just a dream. Maybe we are recalling fragments of things we remember from the beloved pilot and first season. Maybe we have jumbled our real lives together with the escapist elements of the show. Maybe the entire thing has a dream logic that can be expanded and contracted and spun out forever. Monica Bellucci asks “Who is the dreamer?” And maybe it's us. Maybe the viewer is the dreamer. And the whole show is magic nonsense and we won't ever get any answers about anything.
I don't know. I think the best way to approach the ending of Twin Peaks: The Return is to lower your expectations and brace yourself for a series of bizarro twists that will leave you hanging. They won't answer everything. They won't resolve everything. But maybe, just maybe, they'll tell us a little bit more, next week, in Part 15. (–Written by M.T. Wentz)
Building Cottage Foundation Piers
Q: What kind of foundation piers can I build for a raised cottage? I've seen people use concrete poured in round forms and others use concrete blocks.
A: Both poured piers and blocks are options, but there are a couple of things to consider. If you're building on bedrock that's sloped even a little (common in many areas of cottage country), you'll need to drill into the rock and use corrosion-proof rods to anchor the foundation. If you're building on soil, you can't assume that an 8-inch or 12-inch diameter concrete pier offers enough surface area to support your building. Ask your building inspector for recommendations on the size of footings required for your soil type before you begin.
If you live in a place with loose stone and you feel adventurous, you might consider building your foundation piers out of stone, the old fashioned way.
Once again, talk to your inspector first, but a short, wide stone foundation pier can be a beautiful part of a rustic cottage and quite durable.
I've built stone piers on several projects within plywood forms that both hold the stones while the mortar cures, and define the top of the piers. Install the forms in their proper location so their plumb, then trim the forms so all top ends are in a level plane. This way you have a visual level to build up to. Lay the stones one by one into the form, with stiff mortar between each layer. Offset joints between stones by three or four inches for strength.
An 18 inch x 18 inch size is about as small a footprint of stone pier as you'll want to go. When the mortar has cured, remove the plywood, trowel more mortar into the joints so they're filled and flat.
*****************
Deck Refinishing Tips
Q: Is it necessary to do more than a light sanding to prepare my deck for refinishing? I've stripped the deck only to discover that it's made of pressure treated cedar. Sometimes the sander exposes untreated wood which is quite a bit lighter that the treated layer.
A: Actually, there's no such thing as pressure treated cedar as far as I've ever heard or discovered. Deck wood is either pressure treated to resist rot (typically pine, spruce or fir) or naturally rot-resistant cedar (typically western red cedar or sometimes eastern white).
What sort of sander are you using? It sounds like it might be too weak for the job or you're using too fine an abrasive. The darker layer you're encountering may be just some old weathering on the surface. The colour left behind by pressure treatment goes way too deep to ever sand off, even with a powerful sander.
Sanding is vital for the longest lasting deck finish life, and there are two kinds of machines that make sense for this work. For large, flat areas, consider renting a walk-behind square buff floor sander. Normally a tool like this is used for interior floors, but a square buff floor sander works well on decks, too. Choose a 60-grit abrasive for this machine.
If you'd rather not rent a sander, or your deck is fairly small, the minimum practical hand-held machine for the job would be a 6-inch random orbit sander. Use a 60- or 80-grit abrasive on this tool. Even if you do rent a floor sander, the 6-inch random orbit is what you'll need for corners and tight spots.
You know you've sanded the wood properly when it's bright and clean and even looking. My personal preference is to pressure wash the deck first, let it dry for a few good days, then sand. Remove all dust with a leaf blower, then apply your finish on a cloudy day.
—————–
Steve Maxwell is well-known for doing things the old fashioned way. Visit them online at BaileyLineRoad.com and sign up for their free Saturday morning hands-on how-to newsletter.
———–
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Blackwall Hitch with locations in Alexandria, Rehoboth, Annapolis and Chantilly are excited to present a decadent four course prix fixe menu for Valentine's Day for $65 per person.
This menu is exclusively offered on February 14th and will be offered alongside the regular menu from Feb 15th-17th 2018.
This menu features Lobster Bisque, their special Blackwall Beauties Oysters topped with Cucumber Salsa & Caviar, a Filet and Lobster Duo, Baked Grouper, Strawberry Shortcake, Chocolate Cheesecake S'mores and much more!
For more information please visit their website where you can sign up for a chance to win Valentine's dinner for two.
Related
Category: Businesses, Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
Pittsburgh Steelers general manager Kevin Colbert isn't dismissing the notion of selecting a quarterback with the team's first-round pick in the 2018 NFL Draft on Thursday.
Drafting a quarterback in the first round hasn't been done in the Steel City since the Steelers used their 11th overall pick in 2004 on Ben Roethlisberger. With "Big Ben" chiming in at 36 years of age, Colbert isn't shying away from using the 28th overall pick on a quarterback.
"We haven't eliminated any position this year," Colbert said, via the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "Our job is not only to win a championship in '18, it's to secure this franchise's ability to do it in the future, and you have to have a great player at the quarterback position in our eyes to have the best chance to win a championship."
Colbert was also quick to credit Roethlisberger's accomplishments.
"Look, Ben's a Hall of Fame quarterback," they continued. "We're very lucky to have him. They have stated their intention to play at least a few more years, and that's awesome. ... Fortunately, we have one who is still a very highly productive, highly efficient quarterback, so part of our job is to surround them with the best talent as well. So we have to weigh that in, and we will weigh that in throughout, but we haven't eliminated any position in this draft whatsoever."
Looking at quarterbacks, NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang lists USC's Sam Darnold first and UCLA's Josh Rosen second in their most recent Big Board. Josh Allen (Wyoming) is ranked 10th by Rang, former Heisman Trophy winner Baker Mayfield (Oklahoma) is 14th, Lamar Jackson (Louisville) 15th and Mason Rudolph (Oklahoma State) is 55th.
The Cleveland Browns are expected to select a quarterback with either the top overall pick or fourth overall pick. The New York Giants (second), New York Jets (third), Miami Dolphins (11th) and Buffalo Bills (12th) could also be looking to add a quarterback.
Coach Mike Tomlin had dinner with Jackson last month while the Steelers also had representatives at Rudolph's pro day.
Jackson, the 2016 Heisman Trophy winner, passed for more than 3,500 yards and ran for more than 1,500 in each of the final two college seasons before declaring early for the NFL Draft. They were measured at 6-foot-2, 216 pounds at the NFL Combine.
Rudolph completed 63.2 percent of their passes for 13,618 yards and 92 touchdowns with 26 interceptions during their four-year career at Oklahoma State.
Steelers backup quarterback Landry Jones, who was selected in the fourth round of the 2013 NFL Draft, has appeared in 19 games with the team. They completed 23 of 28 passes for 239 yards with a touchdown and an interception in their only game in 2017, a 28-24 victory over the Cleveland Browns in Week 17.
Third-string quarterback Josh Dobbs completed 59.4 percent of their passes during the preseason while throwing two touchdowns against three interceptions. They did not play in a regular-season game.
20 July 1969 was an unforgettable date in human history - the day Apollo 11 astronauts landed on the surface of the Moon, taking one small step for humans, and one giant leap for humankind.
Between that fateful day and December 1972, NASA went back to the Moon five more times, conducting experiments and testing the limits of space travel with each subsequent mission. But something we don't often think about is all the stuff we left behind.
As YouTube channels Half as Interesting explains below, in the US space agency's six lunar missions, NASA has managed to leave a grand total of 809 objects on the Moon's surface. And, yes, there's an itemised list.
All of that, combined with debris from Russia's robotic Luna programme, means that there's 187,400 kilograms (413,100 pounds) of human junk on the lunar surface
While some of the debris is important scientific equipment, there's also a lot of, well, crap left behind. Both in the literal and figurative sense of the word.
To start with the important stuff, NASA astronauts left behind six Apollo descent stages - they landed on the Moon with the 15,200-kg (33,500-pound) lunar modules, and left on the 4,672-kg (10,300-pound) ascent vehicles.
There are also six American flags and four retroflectors - mirrors on the Moon which have helped scientists figure out that the Moon is moving around 3.8 cm (1.5 inches) further away from us each year.
Replica of gold olive branch left on the Moon by Apollo 11 crew (NASA)
There's also 96 bags of human faeces, urine, and vomit left on the Moon's surface; two golf balls that were hit by Apollo 14 astronaut Alan Shepard; a pair of nail clippers; and a self portrait of astronaut James Irwin, left behind by... astronaut James Irwin.
Strangely, if you travel to the Moon you'll also find 100 x US$2 bills.
That's because astronauts during the Apollo missions were paid around US$17,000 (the equivalent of roughly US$107,000 today).
As Half as Interesting notes, that's not terrible, but it's not great for some of the most highly trained and educated individuals in the world, who were taking part in one of the most dangerous and expensive missions ever undertaken.
So James Irwin (yep, the self portrait guy) and Dave Scott, two Apollo 15 astronauts, decided to take a whole stack of $2 bills to the Moon so they could take photos of them in space, sign them, bring them home, and sell them at auction for a profit.
Too bad they promptly forgot them on the Moon's surface.
They also brought US stamps with them for a similar reason, but that's a whole other story that ended up triggering a massive scandal and getting them fired.
It's pretty exciting to think that whenever humans next visit our lunar satellite, they won't only be checking out the landscape, they'll be looking at some strange paraphernalia left behind by our earliest intrepid explorers.
You can check out some more weird and beautiful stuff left behind the Apollo missions - including a tribute to the eight astronauts and six cosmonauts who died while helping us get to the Moon - in the Half as Interesting video below:
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - The Alabama Republican Party warned voters away from one of its candidates for a utility-regulating agency Wednesday in a statement that cited their "egregious" comments on social media and radio.
State GOP chair Terry Lathan said the party's candidate committee had voted unanimously to censure Public Service Commission candidate Jim Bonner, who has twice served as a delegate to the Republican National Convention and bills themselves as an ardent supporter of President Donald Trump.
Bonner, 65, is a former community college teacher from Phil Campbell whose Facebook page includes posts that could be offensive to women, blacks and Muslims.
Lathan said Bonner's comments "are not condoned by the Alabama Republican Party," and the party is asking people not to vote for him.
"Mr. Bonner is welcome to their opinions and their first amendment right of free speech. The Alabama Republican Party is welcome to our opinion as well, and we reject the egregious comments Mr. Bonner continues to spew," said the statement by Lathan.
Bonner, who is trying to unseat Public Service Commission member Jeremy Oden in Tuesday's primary, said they are drawing opposition within their own party for suggesting that the commission increase regulation on the politically powerful Alabama Power Co.
"I'm a good old boy. I'm Mayberry RFD. I'm Andy Griffith. Well, maybe Andy Griffith with a foul mouth," Bonner said in a telephone interview.
Bonner, who previously ran for the state school board, denied making any comments that are purposefully hurtful; critics are judging them on snippets of comments or social media posts taken out of context, they said.
In one recent post, Bonner shared a photo of an orangutan wearing leaves like a hat with the comment, "Getting ready for the royal wedding." Critics took the post as an offensive comment aimed at the mixed-race background of Meghan Markle, but Bonner denied any such intention.
"People jump up and say racist and sexist and misogynistic, or whatever that word is, and it's not," Bonner said in a telephone interview.
While Bonner said they have raised only $1,000 and campaigns mainly by free social media and radio appearances, the Montgomery-based political consulting firm Cyngal said a recent survey showed Bonner in a tight race with the incumbent Oden among decided voters, although nearly 70 percent of voters are undecided.
Brent Buchanan, president of Cyngal, said Bonner might be benefiting from their last name. Jo Bonner used to represent southwest Alabama in Congress, and their sister Judy Bonner is the retired president of the University of Alabama.
"It appears from the data that this PSC race is within the margin of error strictly because of name confusion," Buchanan said in a statement.
Scroll for more content...
Sen. Bob Menendez said they hope the White House will "dramatically change their protocol" after a prank call from a comedian impersonating the senator got through to President Donald Trump, who called the prankster back from Air Force One.
Podcast host John Melendez, better known as "Stuttering John," pretended to be the Democratic senator from New Jersey last week by calling the White House and asking to speak to the President. Shortly after, the President returned their call.
In an interview with CNN's Erica Hill on "Newsroom" Tuesday morning, Menendez responded to questions about the prank call with concerns about White House security.
"Well it's concerning to me that the most powerful man in the world, the President of the United States, could have a shock-jock comedian get through to them and speak to them on Air Force one," Menendez said. "The reality is while it may have been a joke to him, the subject matter they are talking about is very serious, the dividing of children from their parents, the Supreme Court nominee who will make a generational difference in the court, against the interests of affordable health care, against the interest of reproductive rights."
Menendez, the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations committee, also discussed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's upcoming trip to North Korea later this week.
"I hope they can actually get a clear definition that is agreed to as to what denuclearization for us is, as well as for the North Koreans, and secondly a plan forward," Menendez said.
Menendez also mentioned they were introducing bipartisan legislation for Senate oversight of the denuclearization process.
Located in one of Perth's growing southern corridors, Quenda Hammond Park offers house and land packages. Quenda is set to be a tight-knit community, a great place to meet new friends and raise a family.
[HAMMOND PARK, 30/5/2018] – Situated in one of Perth's growing southern corridors, Quenda Hammond Park is designed to be a tight-knit community where residents can meet new friends and raise a family. It offers house and land packages for sale.
Big Blocks for Growing Families
Quenda Hammond Park offers big blocks, with lot areas ranging from 300 to 530 square metres. These generous spaces allow potential homeowners to enjoy spacious patios and backyard pools, add a game room and home theatre or create extra rooms for their growing children. Offering lots that are larger than the average house and land size in the area, Quenda properties present endless possibilities.
Kid-Friendly Community
Quenda homes will be close to parklands, playgrounds and schools. With numerous primary and secondary schools nearby plus proposed kindergarten and childcare facilities within the estate, the community will be an ideal area to hone smart and active kids.
Amenities That Bring Families Close Together
Quenda Hammond Park is planned to offer residents with a tranquil lifestyle complete with beautiful streetscapes and local amenities. There will be sprawling playgrounds and parks that can bring families in the community closer together.
Location That Isn't Too Far from the City Action
With its location in Hammond Park, Quenda Hammond Park offers families a breather from the hustle and bustle of the city living. But, the area won't fall short of shopping, dining and entertainment options for all family members.
A Range of House Designs
Right now, numerous Quenda house and land packages are available for sale. Each package comes with a unique floor plan design and specific home features, such as a master bedroom with en suite, garage with sectional door and alfresco area. Quenda Hammond Park, after all, partners with some of Perth's most trusted home builders to provide a wide selection of house and land designs.
With all these unique offerings, Quenda Hammond Park is bound to be the community of choice for many growing families in Perth.
About Quenda Hammond Park
Located in one of the growing southern corridors of Perth, Quenda Hammond Park offers families a sound investment through big blocks, family-friendly amenities and house and land packages available in various designs. This master-planned estate is set to become a tight-knit community ideal for growing families.
For the full list of house and land packages available at Quenda Hammond Park, visit https://quendaliving.com.au.
Providing a luxurious portside lifestyle, Equire's Quayhouse is strategically located by the beach and a few minutes from the Fremantle CBD. The Quayhouse has 35 apartment units combining natural and contemporary design elements.
[Wheelers Hill, 30/05/2018] Equire, a property development group in Australia, offers marina-side contemporary apartments at the Port Coogee precinct. The residential establishment, called the Quayhouse, provides a luxurious lifestyle by the beach that is only a doorstep away from various amenities and only 10 minutes away from central Fremantle.
A Luxurious Portside Residence
Located in the heart of one of Australia's new marine developments, Quayhouse is a boutique apartment development with 35 contemporary units. The residential establishment is strategically situated near the seaside, which provides downsizers with an opportunity to experience resort-style portside living.
The private apartment units feature a stunning rooftop terrace that is ideal for relaxing by the pool and entertaining guests in an outdoor dining space. The design of the units combines natural elements and contemporary design principles like timber herringbone floorboards, stone benchtops and natural, earthy colour palette. Owners are free to customise their interiors according to their aesthetic preferences.
Everyday Conveniences and Accessibility
The Quayhouse is conveniently located near many places and amenities. The Port Coogee Shopping Village, which has Woolworths, BWS and doctor's surgery, is a two-minute walk away from the residences. A six-kilometre drive takes residents to Fremantle's bustling central business district.
Quayhouse tenants can enjoy various activities and amenities from their doorstep. Residents can stroll or fish on the white beaches of Coogee or sail from the 300 berth Port Coogee Marina. The beaches are surrounded by cafes, dining hubs and bicycle tracks.
About Equire
Founded in 2006, Equire is a property development division of property investment and management specialist OpenCorp. Equire aims to help everyday Australians build property portfolios. The company officially became a stand-alone brand in 2017 with operations in Victoria, Queensland and Western Australia. Equire strives for design excellence and pays great attention to financial and aesthetic details.
To learn more about the company and their properties, visit http://equire.com.au/.
× Gunman Kills 2, Shoots Self at San Francisco UPS Facility
SAN FRANCISCO — At least two people are dead after a shooting at a UPS facility in San Francisco on Wednesday morning, San Francisco Deputy Police Chief Mikail Ali said.
The gunman shot himself, and their condition is unknown, Ali said. Investigators are trying to determine if there are any other casualties.
People in the area are advised to shelter in place until instructed otherwise. Law enforcement is concentrated around the UPS San Francisco Customer Center, a couple of blocks east of Franklin Square.
A woman named Michelle, who did not want to provide their last name, was walking to work across the street from a UPS facility when they saw several UPS employees running down the street. They told them to run because there had been a shooting, they told CNN, explaining they ran about a block with the workers.
“I was confused. They crossed the street and when they got to me, they said, ‘Run, there is a shooter,' so I started to run with them,” they said. “Several of them said it was a driver they worked with who had a gun and opened fired. I feel terrible for the people hurt and for the UPS team that was there but survived.”
Antonio Salic told CNN they were working in a house across from the UPS building when they heard shots fired.
“I was working and suddenly I heard shots and I peeked out the window,” they said. “I saw people getting out (of the building), and they were wounded. A lot of people were running.”
The construction worker said they also saw people on the roof with their hands up, letting police know they were unarmed.
“Police approached and they were taken to a safe place,” they said.
UPS spokesperson Kyle Peterson released a statement saying there had been an incident inside the company's San Francisco facility.
“Local law enforcement have control of the facility and are conducting an investigation. The company is cooperating with law enforcement. We cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time, pending the police investigation,” the statement said.
Aerial footage showed police leading dozens of people, many in matching brown work uniforms, out of a building. A tactical vehicle arrived shortly thereafter.
The site of the shooting is the Potrero Hill area, a largely residential neighborhood. The shooting was also not far from a Whole Foods market and the brewery that makes Anchor Steam beer.
Residents have been warned to avoid the area because of heavy law enforcement activity. Authorities say they will hold a briefing soon.
How major US stock indexes fared Tuesday
U.S. stocks closed lower Tuesday, snapping a three-day winning streak for the stock market.
Losses in technology companies and banks outweighed gains in health care stocks and elsewhere. Trading volume was light during the half-day trading session ahead of the Independence Day holiday.
On Tuesday:
The S&P 500 index fell 13.49 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,713.22.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 132.36 points, or 0.5 percent, to 24,174.82.
The Nasdaq lost 65.01 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,502.67.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 5.33 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,660.42.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is down 5.15 points, or 0.2 percent.
The Dow is down 96.59 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Nasdaq is down 7.63 points, or 0.1 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 17.35 points, or 1.1 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 39.61 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Dow is down 544.40 points, or 2.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 599.28 points, or 8.7 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 124.91 points, or 8.1 percent.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) - Prosecutors say a former CIA case officer betrayed their country by giving a Chinese spy information about human assets and other top-secret information.
But defense lawyers say their client is a loyal American who was merely stringing the Chinese along to try to get them to expose details of their own intelligence operation.
A jury heard opening statements Wednesday in the trial of Kevin Mallory of Leesburg, who was working as a consultant when they returned from Shanghai with more than $16,000 in undeclared cash.
Defense attorney Geremy Kamens said Mallory had grown suspicious about a Chinese think tank's job offer and hatched a plan to feed them phony documents. They told people at the CIA, but prosecutors said that was just to cover their tracks.
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
The parents in Hulu's upcoming series Marvel's Runaways aren't the typical overbearing types. No, they're truly evil. Marvel's Runaways Season 1 Photos Launch Gallery
In the newly released teaser trailer posted above, six estranged high-school pals discover a secret passageway, leading one of them to declare, “This is some Narnia s—t.” The teens then stumble upon their parental units decked out in creepy red robes as they engage in a disturbing-looking ritual. Luckily, it appears some of the kids are already manifesting superpowers, so hopefully, they can use them to defeat the sinister moms and dads.
Adapted from the Marvel comics by Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage (Gossip Girl, The O.C.), the 10-episode series stars Rhenzy Feliz (Casual), Lyrica Okano (The Affair), Virginia Gardner (The Goldbergs), Ariela Barer (One Day at a Time), Gregg Sulkin (Faking It), and Allegra Acosta as the titular teen heroes, along with Annie Wersching (Timeless), Ryan Sands (The Wire), Angel Parker (Trial & Error), Ever Carradine (The Handmaid's Tale), James Marsters (Buffy the Vampire Slayer), Kevin Weisman (Alias), Brigid Brannagh (Army Wives), James Yaegashi, Brittany Ishibashi (Political Animals), Kip Pardue (Ray Donovan) and Julian McMahon (Nip/Tuck).
Marvel's Runaways premieres Tuesday, Nov. 21 on Hulu.
Press PLAY above to watch the preview, then hit the comments with your thoughts.
Scroll for more content...
A woman confronted Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt at a Washington restaurant and urged them to "resign before your scandals push you out."
Kristin Mink was having lunch with their son on Monday when they noticed Pruitt with a colleague at Teaism in Penn Quarter and decided to confront him, child in tow.
In a video of the encounter, Mink cites Pruitt's "slashing strong fuel standards for cars and trucks for the benefits of big corporations" and their "paying about 50 bucks a night to stay in a DC condo that's connected to an energy lobbying firm, while approving their dirty sands pipeline" as reasons for them to resign.
"We deserve to have somebody at the EPA who actually does protect our environment, somebody who believes in climate change and takes it seriously for the benefit of all of us, including our children," Mink tells Pruitt in the video.
Mink spoke to CNN's Kate Bolduan on Tuesday evening, saying "there was never doubt" in their mind about confronting Pruitt.
"Maybe having my child there with me gave me a little extra push, because this is the man who is literally undermining my child's future, the future of all of our children. ...  They are actively sacrificing our clean air, our clean water to line their own pockets and the pockets of their friends. And this was my opportunity to call them out for it," Mink said on "Erin Burnett OutFront."
The ethical questions facing the embattled EPA chief have continued to mount in recent days, with Pruitt aides detailing to members of Congress how they enlisted them for personal errands and a former EPA official who is expected to testify before Congress saying Pruitt used a "secret" calendar and omitted certain calls and meetings from the public calendar. A review of EPA documents by CNN found discrepancies between Pruitt's official calendar and other records.
The House Oversight Committee is investigating allegations of misuse of government funds, improper travel and outsized spending at the EPA. The EPA chief has also been the subject of roughly a dozen other inquiries into their actions at the agency.
Mink's confrontation of Pruitt marks the latest occurrence of Trump administration officials facing protesters confronting them while out in the community. While dining in a Mexican restaurant in Washington last month, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen was yelled at by protesters. Days later, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders was booted from a Virginia restaurant by its owner.
Responding to Mink's video in a statement to CNN, EPA spokesperson Lincoln Ferguson said Pruitt "always welcomes input from Americans, whether they agree or disagree with the decisions being made at EPA."
The statement continued, "This is evident by them listening to their comments and going on to thank her, which is not shown in the video."
The video does not show what happened after the encounter, although Mink says in a written introduction to their video on Facebook that Pruitt simply got up and left. According to Ferguson, this is because the administrator "had simply finished their meal and needed to get back to the EPA for a briefing."
"If they don't want to be called out in public, they shouldn't make decisions that harm the rest of us," Mink said on CNN.
No. 4 seed Oklahoma softball (55-3) opens play at the 2018 Women's College World Series Thursday at 1:30 p.m. CT against No. 5 Washington (49-8) on ESPN.
The back-to-back defending national champions, the Sooners are making their seventh WCWS appearance in the last eight years and 12th trip overall.
Read Related Story: Sooners Advance To 12th WCWS
This will be the fifth time the Sooners face the Huskies in the WCWS and 10th postseason meeting overall. The two programs last met at the 2017 WCWS, with OU claiming a 3-1 victory.
In their second game of the double elimination tournament, the Sooners will face either No. 1 Oregon (52-8) or No. 8 Arizona State (48-11). A win over Washington would have OU play on Friday at 6 p.m. CT, while a loss would see Oklahoma play its second game Saturday at 11 a.m.
All-session tickets are sold out, as are all single-sessions except for session 1. A limited number of standing room only tickets will be made available for each sold out session. They will be made available at the stadium on the day of the respective session. Fans can also look for tickets on NCAA.com/Exchange, the NCAA-approved secondary ticket marketplace.
America Ferrera welcomes their first child!
The actor posted a cute photo of their son, Sebastian Piers Williams. They even included their cute nickname, Baz!
The caption read:
"When 2 become 3...Welcome Sebastian Piers Williams - aka Baz! Mom, Dad, and Baby are happy, healthy and totally in love! ------"
Congrats! We can't wait to see more photos.
Experts will set up telescopes to give Ottawans a free view of the solar eclipse next Monday, but we're a long, long way from the total eclipse that many Americans will see.
The eclipse will reach its maximum here around 2:35 p.m. But this means different things in different places.
At that time, people on the Tennessee-North Carolina border will see the entire sun being covered as the moon passes in front of it. The eclipse moves gradually from west to east across the continental United States, with the “totality,” or part where the sun is totally covered, running along a strip more than 100 kilometres wide.
In Ottawa, however, only 61 per cent of the sun will be covered by the moon. With proper safety equipment, you will see the sun form a crescent shape, but it's unlikely we will notice a dimming of daylight.
Cloudy weather, of course, would make the whole thing invisible.
The Canada Aviation and Space Museum and the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada are bringing telescopes to set up at the museum to give people a free view, weather permitting. (If it's cloudy, there will be presentations indoors.)
“Telescopes will be set up from noon to 4 p.m., with the eclipse itself occurring from 1:17-3:48 p.m.,” the museum says. The moon covers just a little of the sun at first, then gradually more until about 2:35 p.m., after which the moon slowly moves on and leaves the sun uncovered.
You'll see fancy telescopes and also, as a novelty, the pinhole type — a hole in a cardboard box that casts an image of the crescent sun on the back of the box. It allows you to see the image while not looking at the sun itself.
We asked astronomer Paul Delaney of York University what the experience will be like.
“You will be hard-pressed to detect any change in the light level,” they said. There might be a slight “softening” of the light, “but it's not going to affect your ability to read (and) you won't be turning on headlights.”
They said York, the Aviation and Space Museum and the Astronomical Society are putting on public shows largely because everyone is hearing eclipse buzz from the United States.
“We don't want people going out and observing in an uninformed fashion. Looking at the sun during a partial (eclipse) phase, without eye protection, is very dangerous.”
“But it is a very neat event if you watch it properly … And so bringing people to telescopes and handing out properly rated solar glasses is our way to do an educative step forward.”
It's also preparation for what they call “the big one in 2024,” a total eclipse that will be visible from Niagara Falls through Atlantic Canada.
The Astronomical Society has safe viewing tips, courtesy of Ottawa's Gary Boyle:
• Eclipse glasses can be purchased from the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada (www.rasc.ca).
• For telescopes, binoculars and camera lenses, use a Baader solar filter available from telescope dealers.
• No. 14 welder's glass can be purchased from most local welding supply dealers. You can look through it safely but it's not recommended for use with cameras.
• Build a pinhole camera using instructions from various websites.
• Some tree leaves act as natural pinhole cameras with hundreds of crescent suns appearing in the tree's shadow.
• Watch it on the internet. Many sites will be streaming.
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - A Pennsylvania Senate committee is advancing a bill to force people with a domestic violence ruling against them to more quickly give up their firearms.
The Judiciary Committee passed the bill unanimously Monday.
Under the bill, people convicted of domestic violence would have 48 hours to give up their firearms to a law enforcement agency, a federally licensed firearms dealer or their lawyer. Under current law, people convicted of domestic violence have 60 days and can give their guns to a relative, friend or neighbor.
In addition, defendants in final protection-from-abuse cases would have to give up their guns in 24 hours. Current law leaves forfeiture to a judge's discretion.
Failing to hand over a firearm would be a second-degree misdemeanor, punishable by up to two years in prison.
SAN FRANCISCO — Among the most challenging issues for Facebook is its role as the police officer for the free expression of its two billion users.
Now, the social network is opening up about its decision-making over which posts it decides to take down — and why. On Tuesday, the company for the first time published the 27-page guidelines, called Community Standards, that it gives to its workforce of thousands of human censors. It encompasses dozens of topics including hate speech, violent imagery, misrepresentation, terrorist propaganda, and disinformation. Facebook said it would offer users the opportunity to appeal Facebook's decisions.
The move adds a new degree of transparency to a process that users, the public, and advocates have criticized as arbitrary and opaque. The newly-released guidelines offer suggestions on various topics, including how to determine the difference between humor, sarcasm, and hate speech. They explain that images of female nipples are generally prohibited, but exceptions are made for images that promote breast-feeding or address breast cancer.
“We want people to know our standards and we want to give people clarity,” Monika Bickert, Facebook's head of global policy management, said in an interview. They added that they hoped publishing the guidelines would spark dialogue. “We are trying to strike the line between safety and giving people the ability to really express themselves.”
The company's censors, called content moderators, have been chastised by civil-rights groups for mistakenly removing posts by minorities who had shared stories of being the victims of racial slurs. Moderators have struggled to tell the difference between someone posting a slur as an attack and someone who was using the slur to tell the story of their own victimization.
In another instance, moderators removed an iconic Vietnam War photo of a child fleeing a napalm attack, claiming the girl's nudity violated its policies. (The photo was restored after protests from news organizations.) Moderators have deleted posts from activists and journalists in Myanmar and in disputed territories such as Palestine and Kashmir, and have banned the pro-Trump activists Diamond and Silk as “unsafe to the community.”
The release of the guidelines is part of a wave of transparency that Facebook hopes will quell its many critics. It has also published political ads and streamlined its privacy controls after coming under fire for its lax approach to protecting consumer data.
The company is being investigated by the Federal Trade Commission over the misuse of data by a Trump-connected consultancy known as Cambridge Analytica, and Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg recently testified before Congress about the issue. Bickert said discussions about sharing the guidelines started last fall and were not related to the Cambridge controversy.
The company's content policies, which began in earnest in 2005, addressed nudity and Holocaust denial in the early years. They have ballooned from a single page in 2008 to 27 pages today.
As Facebook has come to reach nearly a third of the world's population, Bickert's team has expanded significantly, and is expected to grow even more in the coming year. A far-flung team of 7,500 reviewers, in places like Austin, Dublin, and the Philippines, assesses posts 24-hours a day, seven days a week, in more than 40 languages. Moderators are sometimes temporary contract workers without much cultural familiarity with the content they are judging, and they make complex decisions in applying Facebook's rules.
Bickert also employs high-level experts including a human-rights lawyer, a rape counselor, a counterrorism expert from West Point, and a PhD researcher with expertise in European extremist organizations, as part of their content review team.
Activists and users have been particularly frustrated by the absence of an appeals process when their posts are taken down. (Facebook users are allowed to appeal the shutdown of an entire account, but not individual posts.) The Washington Post previously documented how people have liked this predicament to being put into “Facebook jail” — without being given a reason why they were locked up.
Zahra Billoo, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations' office for the San Francisco Bay Area, said adding an appeals process and opening up guidelines would be a “positive development” but said the social network still has a ways to go if it wants to stay a relevant and safe space.
Billoo said that at least a dozen pages representing white supremacists are still up on the platform, even though the policies forbids hate speech and Zuckerberg testified before Congress this month that Facebook does not allow hate groups.
“An ongoing question many of the Muslim community have been asking is how to get Facebook to be better at protecting users from hate speech and not to be hijacked by white supremacists, right-wing activists, Republicans, or the Russians as a means of organizing against Muslim, LGBT, and undocumented individuals,” they said.
Billoo themselves was censored by Facebook two weeks after Donald Trump's election, when they posted an image of a handwritten letter mailed to a San Jose mosque and quoted from it: “He's going to do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the Jews.”
Bickert's team has been working for years to develop a software system that can classify the reasons a post was taken down so that users could receive clearer information — and so Facebook could track how much hate speech posts were put up in a given year, for example, or whether certain groups are having their posts taken down more frequently than others.
Currently, people who have their posts taken down receive a generic message that says that they have violated Facebook's community standards. After Tuesday's announcement, people will be told whether their posts violated guidelines on nudity, hate speech, and graphic violence. A Facebook executive said the teams were working on building more tools. “We do want to provide more details and information for why content has been removed,” said Ellen Silver, Facebook's vice president of community operations. “We have more work to do there and we are committed to making those improvements.”
Though Facebook's content moderation is still very much driven by humans, the company does use technology to assist in its work. The company currently uses software to identify duplicate reports, a time-saving technique for reviewers that helps them avoid reviewing the same piece of content over and over because it was flagged by many people at once. Software also can identity the language of a post and some of the themes, helping the post get to the reviewer with the most expertise.
The company can recognize images that have been posted before, but cannot recognize new images. For example, if a terrorist organization reposts a beheading video that Facebook already took down, Facebook's systems will notice it almost immediately, said Silver, but it cannot identify new beheading videos. The majority of items flagged by the community get reviewed within 24 hours, they said.
Every two weeks, employees and senior executives who make decisions about the most challenging issues around the world meet. They debate the pros and cons of potential policies. Teams who present are required to come up with research showing each side, a list of possible solutions, and a recommendation. They are required to list the organizations outside Facebook that they consulted with.
In an interview, Bickert and Silver acknowledged that Facebook would continue to make errors in its judgment. “The scale that we operate at,” said Silver. “Even if were at 99 percent accuracy, that's still a lot of mistakes.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
RonNell Andersen Jones, a University of Utah law professor, said achieving gender diversity on the bench in the state has been challenging. They noted that the first woman was admitted to the Utah State Bar in 1872, and it took more than a century to reach 100 female members — 28 women graduated from law school in 1976 and pushed the number from 91 to 119.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, visiting the European Union, praised US President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as their country's capital on Monday and said they expected Europeans to follow suit.
“It makes peace possible because recognising reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace,” Netanyahu told reporters as they were greeting by EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini before a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Brussels.
“There is now an effort to bring forward a new peace proposal by the American administration. I think we should give peace a chance. I think we should see what is presented and see if we can advance this peace.”
Netanyahu said Trump's move, condemned by the Palestinians and by European governments, should be emulated by them.
“It's time that the Palestinians recognise the Jewish state and also recognise the fact that it has a capital. It's called Jerusalem,” they said.
“I believe that, even though we don't have an agreement yet, this is what will happen in the future. I believe that all, or most, of the European countries will move their embassies to Jerusalem, recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital and engage robustly with us for security, prosperity and peace.”
Mogherini, welcoming Netanyahu on the first visit to the EU by an Israeli premier in 22 years, that the bloc would continue to recognise the “international consensus” on Jerusalem.
They repeated the Union's commitment to a two-state solution and that it was in Israel's interest to find a sustainable solution to its conflict with the Palestinians. The EU, they said, would step up its peace efforts and would hold talks with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas next month.
They also condemned attacks on Israel and on Jews elsewhere in the world, including in Europe. Trump's plan to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, which the secretary-general of the United Nations said could damage peace efforts, has prompted sometimes violent protests.
A demonstration condemning Netanyahu‘s visit is planned for later in the morning in Brussels.
The Israeli leader stressed their country's partnership with Europe, saying its intelligence cooperation had helped prevent militant attacks while its security role in the Middle East had curbed Islamic State's expansion in the region.
They also highlighted Israel's economic contribution in new technologies. Mogherini said the EU and Israel were “friends and partners”.
After months of good rain, the owner of El Molinito Farm in Holualoa is expecting a bumper crop. Problem is, they might not be around to see it.
After months of good rain, the owner of El Molinito Farm in Holualoa is expecting a bumper crop. Problem is, they might not be around to see it.
The respected Big Island coffee farmer whose deportation fight rallied the Kona community and garnered the support of Hawaii's Congressional delegation has failed to convince federal authorities to allow them to stay in the United States.
The respected Big Island coffee farmer whose deportation fight rallied the Kona community and garnered the support of Hawaii's Congressional delegation has failed to convince federal authorities to allow them to stay in the United States.
KAILUA-KONA, Hawaii (AP) - The daughter of a Hawaii coffee farmer who was deported last month to their native Mexico says the farm will stay afloat if their father can return to the United States within a year.
West Hawaii Today reports the Kona coffee farmer's daughter, Victoria Magana Ledesma, will be managing the farm for their father, Andres Magana Ortiz, in the meantime while also juggling an accounting internship and returning to school. The 21-year-old says they were used to helping their father and is familiar with the work, but admits they have never done it on their own before.
Even with Magana Ortiz's family and workers helping them with the effort, Magana Ledesma says running the farm is much harder than they expected.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was taken to hospital last night after reportedly falling from a footbridge on the Golden Valley Bypass.
Police said they were called to the A40 northern bypass at 9.45pm yesterday, after receiving reports a man had fallen from the footbridge.
A 30-year-old man was taken to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital, before being transferred to Southmead Hospital in Bristol, with suspected spinal injuries.
Police do not believe the injuries are life-threatening.
The Golden Valley Bypass was closed between Elmbridge Court Roundabout and the Longford Roundabout after the incident, but has since reopened.
For the latest news and breaking news visit gloucestershirelive.co.uk/news.
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @GlosLiveOnline - the official GlosLive account – for real news in real time.
OSHAWA, Ont. — Ontario's police watchdog is investigating after a 26-year-old man was injured in a traffic collision in Oshawa.
The Special Investigations Unit says Durham regional police tried to stop a vehicle around 1 a.m. Wednesday.
They say the vehicle ran into a tree, seriously injuring the driver.
The SIU says they have assigned forensic investigators and a collision reconstruction specialist to the case.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA, Wash. – More than a hundred gather in a show of solidarity with the victims of Charlottesville in Tacoma Sunday night.
The event was a last-minute decision said organizers, promoted on Facebook after seeing what was happening across the country in response to the far-right rally in Charlottesville. They said it's important that places like Tacoma take a stand against racism.
“I am just so disappointed that people find a reason to hate,” said Arta Childears, a rally attendee. “There's truly not many things that would get me out of my home at night by myself, but I consider this to be one of those times.”
Lawrence Leon Conley II, echoed Childears sentiments. “The presidency…has allowed people to come out of the closet about their prejudice, about hatred and their racism,” they said. “Because of that, we can't be hiding behind closed doors neither.”
Attendees lit candles and signed a pledge of solidarity with the Charlottesville Victims. They said Sunday was about remembering the past, grieving the present and renewing their fight for the future.
Related Coverage Family members mourn shooting of Knoxville teen
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – A Knox County grand jury returned an indictment for Bryant Christopher Mitchell in the death of a 17-year-old Knoxville boy.
Bryant Christopher Mitchell, also known as “Honcho Da Bos” or “Baily Mac,” was indicted for first-degree murder Monday for the killing of Caleb Arwood. Arwood was found shot multiple times in November 2016 in an alley in Western Heights.
Previous story: Family members mourn shooting of Knoxville teen
The grand jury returned a gang enhancement. According to prosecutors Mitchell was a member of the Gangster Disciples gang, which has been linked to dozens of crimes in the Knoxville area.
Mitchell is in the Knox County jail with a $250,000 bond.
Inferring the underlying ecological networks of microbial communities is important to understanding their structure and responses to external stimuli. But it can be very challenging to make accurate network inferences. In a paper published in Nature Communications, researchers at Brigham and Women's Hospital detail a method to make the network inference easier by utilizing steady-state data without altering microbial communities.
"Existing methods require assuming a particular population dynamics model, which is not known beforehand," said Yang-Yu Liu, PhD, of the Channing Division of Network Medicine. "Moreover, those methods require fitting temporal abundance data, which are often not informative enough for reliable inference."
To obtain more informative temporal data, researchers have to introduce large perturbations to alter the microbial communities, which are not only difficult in practice but also potentially ethically questionable, especially for human-associated microbial communities. The new method developed by BWH investigators avoids this dilemma.
"The basic idea is very simple. If one steady-state sample differs from another only by addition of one species X, and adding X brings down the absolute abundance of Y, then we can conclude X inhibits the growth of Y," said Liu. The team showed that this simple idea can be extended to more complicated cases where steady-state samples differ from each other by more than one species. They verified that, if enough independent steady state data were collected from the microbial communities, then the microbial interaction types (positive, negative and neutral interactions) and the structure of the network could be inferred without requiring any population dynamics modeling. The method proposed by the team resembles other network reconstruction methods based on steady-state data, but unlike the previous methods, no perturbations are required to be applied to the system. Furthermore, a rigorous criterion was established by the team to check if any given steady-state data was consistent with the Generalized Lotka-Volterra (GLV) model--a classical population dynamics model in ecology that mathematically describes the relationships between species. The team found that if the microbial community followed the GLV model, then the steady-state data could also be used to deduce the model parameters--interspecies interaction strengths and growth rates.
The method was systematically validated using simulated data generated from different classic population dynamics models with various levels of complexity. Then it was applied to real data collected from four different synthetic microbial communities, finding that the inferred ecological networks either agree well with the ground truth or can predict the response of systems to perturbations.
Additional insights into microbial ecosystems will emerge from a better understanding of their underlying ecological networks. Inferring ecological networks of human-associated microbial communities using the method developed here will facilitate the design of personalized microbe-based "cocktails," as the authors write, to treat diseases related to microbial dysbiosis.
"I am quite excited about this method, because it may pave the way to mapping more complex microbial communities such as the human gut microbiota, which in turn will help us design better microbiome-based therapies," said Liu.
###
This work is supported in part by the John Templeton Foundation (Award number 51977) and NIH grants (R01 HL091528-05 and UG3 OD023268-01).
Paper Cited: Xiao, Y et al. "Mapping the ecological networks of microbial communities from steady-state data" Nature Communications DOI: 10.1038/s41467-017-02090-2
A search is underway for two teenagers who are missing off the Ningaloo coast in a dinghy.
A 12-year-old boy and 18-year-old man have been missing since 4pm yesterday, when they left South Lefroy Bay in the three-metre inflatable.
The pair were due home by 6pm and had planned to travel south to south-east towards Norwegian Bay but did not return.
Water Police, Exmouth Volunteer Marine Rescue, the Department of Fisheries and private vessels are among those involved in the search.
An Australian Maritime Safety Authority Challenger Jet is conducting an aerial search.
Vinny Vella is a staff writer on the Inquirer's Regions Desk, reporting on the Pennsylvania suburbs surrounding the city. They previously wrote a column for the Hartford Courant and covered urban crime for the Philadelphia Daily News.
Jaclyn Jones, 30, pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide and other offenses in a crash that killed a Bucks County man last summer.
A Bucks County woman pleaded guilty Tuesday to vehicular homicide in a head-on collision that killed a man out for an evening drive last summer with their girlfriend.
Jaclyn Jones, 30, of Nockamixon Township, was charged with homicide by vehicle while driving under the influence, aggravated assault by vehicle while DUI and other related offenses, according to a statement from the Bucks County District Attorney's Office.
They face a sentencing hearing in the case on Sept. 18.
Jones was driving under a suspended license for two prior DUI convictions on Aug. 30 when they crossed a double-yellow line on Route 611 in Bedminster Township, according to the statement
They struck a Saturn SL1 sedan driven by Christopher Marinelli, 21, who died at the scene from “multiple blunt-force injuries,” prosecutors said. Their passenger, Gabrialle Otero, was hospitalized in critical condition with traumatic brain injuries and fractures to their skull and neck.
A blood test after the crash showed that Jones, who suffered minor injuries, had a variety of drugs in their system, including amphetamine, oxycodone and fentanyl, prosecutors said.
Witnesses told investigators that Jones had “been swerving and driving at irregular speeds” before the crash. Police found no evidence that Jones “had tried to avoid the collision or applied their brakes,” according to the district attorney's office.
Marinelli grew up in Doylestown, graduating from Central Bucks East High School in 2015, according to their obituary.
At the time of their death, they were “pursuing a career with Comcast Business” in Horsham, the obituary states. They were an avid reader, and enjoyed driving throughout Bucks County with Otero, their girlfriend.
Otero, 20, told police that Marinelli had picked them up from work shortly before the collision for one of those drives.
Them recovery from the crash is ongoing, according to Deputy District Attorney Robert D. James, and they continue to suffer from “headaches, anxiety, impaired vision, amnesia” and other issues.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
POCONO TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- There's a new plan to clean up the interstates in the Poconos.
State Senator Mario Scavello, the Pocono Mountains Visitors Bureau, and the Monroe County commissioners announced Wednesday morning that a private contractor called Adopt A Highway Maintenance Corporation has been hired to pick up garbage along the roadway.
The first phase will cost $60,000. That money comes from the hotel room tax in the Poconos.
Trash will be picked up on Interstate 80 from the New Jersey toll up to the Interstate 380 split in Monroe County.
Officials say hiring the company is cheaper than the cost of insurance and prison personnel needed to monitor prison crews.
Drivers we spoke with are happy about the announcement.
"I think that is awesome," said Christine Webb of Pine Grove. "I am tired of seeing trash and dead animals going down the highway and I noticed a lot of the repairs going on, so I am very happy about that, too."
Officials say the plan will free up PennDOT workers to focus on repairing roads.
The first of four cleanups is planned for next month in Monroe County.
1 of 10 View Captions
(Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juab Macray Stevens leaps for yardage during second half play. Juan Diego be... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juab's Alex White scores a second half TD to cut Juan Diego's lead to 28-18.... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juab's Dallan West catches this pass during first half play as Juan Diego CB... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juab's Tucker Memmott celebrates coming up with a fumble during first half p... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juab's Alex White scores on this play to cut Juan Diego's lead to 20-12 duri... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juan Diego RB Hunter Easterly runs the ball during first half play. Juan Die... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juan Diego RB Hunter Easterly sprints 44 yards for a TD to give Juan Diego a... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juan Diego RB Tristen Tonozzi scoots across the goal line for a TD during fi... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juan Diego QB Zachary Hoffman throws during first half play. Juan Diego beat... (Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune) Juab WR Tanner Wright makes this catch in front of Juan Diego DB Dawson Stie...
JUPP HEYNCKES HAS revealed how they had to put an arm around James Rodriguez because they were “a little depressed,” after leaving Real Madrid for Bayern Munich.
James joined Madrid after impressing with Colombia at the 2014 World Cup and they initially adapted well at the Santiago Bernabeu, scoring 13 goals in their first La Liga campaign.
But inconsistency, combined with Madrid's abundance of attacking options, led to James falling out of favour, so much so that they made just 13 leagues starts last season and was left out of their squad for the Champions League final.
As such, they were allowed to leave on a two-year loan to Bayern, who have the option to make the deal permanent, and their debut Bundesliga campaign has taken a turn for the better after a slow start.
Heynckes puts James' early struggles down to being “depressed”, something they helped soothe by being attentive to the 26-year-old playmaker, and now James has found their feet again as they prepare to take on their parent club in the Champions League semi-final first leg on Wednesday.
“He was a little depressed,” Heynckes told reporters at their pre-match news conference.
I took care of him, I had lots of talks with him, and step by step they found confidence.  They are more relaxed within the team.
“Our fans here, when they see them play football, they enjoy it. Above all they are a player who has fantasy, has an overview.
“He is more open-minded and gives the impression they feel well and has settled in Munich. I think this is most fundamental.
They have been learning German, but as you know with Spanish-speaking players it is difficult for them to learn. But I can speak with him.”
Despite their improvement and inevitable desire to prove their worth against Madrid, James is not guaranteed to start, with Heynckes suggesting it will be either the Colombian or Thiago Alcantara in their line-up.
They also have doubts over David Alaba and Corentin Tolisso, who have had injuries of late.
“David and Tolisso, we will decide tomorrow [Wednesday] morning if they are in the squad,” Heynckes said.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
Thompson and their crew gave up for this week, but will likely come back later in the year for one of the other land speed events that usually run over the famous Salt Flats course until the first week of October.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALSIP, Ill. – Police shot and killed a pit bull that mauled a 77-year-old woman to death in the yard of a suburban Illinois home Monday afternoon, according to WGN.
Officers responded to Komensky Ave and 116th St in Alsip after a young man walking their dog saw the attack and called police.
When they arrived, police say the dog was still aggressive and they were forced to shoot it. Officers tried to give the woman first aid but it was too late. Police said the woman lived at that address and that the 6-year-old pit bull was a pet in the home.
"It was pretty horrific," Alsip Deputy Chief Shawn Schuldt told Alsip Patch. "If I go through the rest of my career without seeing something like this, that would be a good thing. I feel extremely bad for the family and we offer them our condolences."
Schuldt said the dog appeared well cared for and that the department had never received any prior calls from residents or neighbors reporting the animal behaving aggressively.
No word yet if anyone else was at the home when the attack happened.
Wu had been detained two months earlier, in May 2015, after travelling to the southeastern city of Nanchang to put pressure on a judge. Defense lawyers had been denied access to files in a case in which four men were serving prison time for a double murder despite a later confession from a fifth man. Wu had said on social media that they planned to hold a mock funeral for the judge, and was arrested after unfurling a banner that insulted him.
In this March 17, 2018, photo, people pass by a TV screen showing North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, right, and U.S. President Donald Trump during a news program at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea. Top U.S., South Korean and Japanese officials have discussed how to achieve a complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula ahead of upcoming inter-Korean and U.S.-North Korean summit talks. The signs read: " The possible reshuffle of U.S. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster." (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon)
In this March 17, 2018, photo, people pass by a TV screen showing North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, right, and U.S. President Donald Trump during a news program at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea. Top U.S., South Korean and Japanese officials have discussed how to achieve a complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula ahead of upcoming inter-Korean and U.S.-North Korean summit talks. The signs read: " The possible reshuffle of U.S. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster." (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Top U.S., South Korean and Japanese officials discussed how to achieve the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula during weekend talks ahead of upcoming inter-Korean and U.S.-North Korean summits, Seoul said Monday.
South Korean officials who visited Pyongyang recently say North Korean leader Kim Jong-un agreed to hold talks with South Korean President Moon Jae-in in late April. Seoul says Kim proposed meeting with President Donald Trump, who agreed to meet them by the end of May.
The developments have raised hopes for a potential breakthrough in the North Korean nuclear crisis. But many experts say animosities would flare again if the summits fail to produce any progress and leave the nuclear issue with few diplomatic options. North Korea has yet to confirm North Korea-U.S. talks.
U.S. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster met their South Korean and Japanese counterparts, Chung Eui-yong and Shotaro Yachi, in San Francisco for talks over the weekend on denuclearization and the summit talks, South Korea's presidential office said in a statement.
They agreed to maintain close trilateral cooperation in the next several weeks and shared a view that it's important not to repeat past mistakes, the statement said. It didn't elaborate but likely refers to criticism that North Korea previously used disarmament negotiations as a way to ease outside pressure and win aid while all along secretly pressing its weapons development.
Appearing on CBS's "Face the Nation" aired Sunday, South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha said Kim had "given their word" that they were committed to denuclearization.
"He's given their word. But the significance of their word is - is quite - quite weighty in the sense that this is the first time that the words came directly from the North Korean supreme leader himself, and that has never been done before," they said.
Kim's willingness to negotiate over their nuclear program is a step forward, but many experts remain skeptical about how sincere they are about giving up a nuclear program that their country has built for decades despite toughening international sanctions.
Chung, who headed a high-level delegation to Pyongyang and met Kim during their March 5-6 trip, says North Korea told their delegation it won't need to keep its nuclear weapons if military threats against it are removed and it receives a credible security guarantee. The North has long maintained such a stance, saying it won't abandon its nuclear weapons unless the United States pulls out its troops from South Korea and Japan and stops regular military drills with South Korea that it views as an invasion rehearsal.
A senior North Korean diplomat, meanwhile, flew to Finland on Sunday for talks with former U.S. officials as well as American and South Korean civilian academics. The meeting, set for Tuesday and Wednesday, is a possible opportunity to examine the North's sincerity about its denuclearization pledges. North Korean officials and former U.S. officials and experts have often held such talks, known as "Track-2."
A man will appear in court this morning charged with the murders of Laura Mortimer and Ella Dalby.
Laura, 31, and their daughter Ella, 11, died in the early hours of bank holiday Monday after being found seriously injured at a house in Dexter Way, Gloucester.
Christopher Boon, 28, of Dexter Way, was charged with their murders last night and is due to appear at Cheltenham Magistrates Court today.
Officers were yesterday granted a 30-hour magistrates' extension to continue questioning him, prior to the charges being made.
We will bring you live updates below on the latest stages of the case.
Extensive tributes have been paid to business person Laura and Barnwood Park pupil Ella.
Police have said they expect to remain in the Dexter Way area for the rest of the week.
Ella's headteacher Sarah Tufnell said: “The whole Barnwood Park school community is incredibly shocked and deeply saddened to hear the tragic news of the death of one of our Year 7 students, Ella Dalby, and their mum, Laura.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Laura's mother, Ella's grandmother, left flowers and a note outside the property in Dexter Way.
The message was on a bunch of pink and white flowers and read: "To My beautiful daughter Laura, Granddaughter Ella.
"You will always be in my heart beloved and missed very much.
"Lots of love, sleep tight Mum and Hen"
Laura's father Richard Mortimer said the death of Laura and their granddaughter Ella Dalby had not sunk in.
Mr Mortimer, 57, said how they used to call Laura their 'lollipop' when they were younger and described them as a “loving and caring” mother.
They said: "It's not quite hit me yet. They were my little lollipop and now she's gone."
"Ella had just started at Barnwood Park School - they were just a beautiful little girl.
"Laura was lovely. They ran their own business, a wedding planning business called 'Sweet Beginnings'.
Post-mortem examinations are due to take place this week.
Charity Winston's Wish has advice on how to talk to children about incidents such as the deaths of Laura and Ella.
Updates will appear below.
Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie is reportedly under police investigation over a rape allegation.
The retired ice hockey star, who used to play in the NHL, including the Ottawa Senators, has been accused of raping a woman at their Los Angeles home on Saturday night, according to TMZ.com.
An unnamed woman has claimed they met them in a bar that night and they went back to their place and they raped them “multiple times”. They reportedly went to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center soon afterwards and had a rape kit administered.
Sources connected to the 36-year-old former athlete claim the woman, who Mike has allegedly known for a long time, had given them full consent to sex. They also allege there was another woman present during their sexual encounter and they have not filed a complaint.
Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department are investigating the allegation but have not yet spoken to Mike, according to the site.
Mike began dating the 29-year-old actor/singer in 2007, they tied the knot in 2010 and have a four-year-old son named Luca. Hilary filed for divorce in February, 2015, citing irreconcilable differences and requesting primary custody of their son, and it was finalized in February, 2016.
They have remained friends ever since and have regularly been spotted together with their son. They spoke to The Love Bomb podcast in November about how they handled the split.
“I think that I was in a very successful marriage for a long time,” they said. “We got together based on love and we separated in a very loving way. I can't imagine going through that process with anyone but him, and they continue to be my very good friend.
“I think we handled it very consciously and with a lot of love. But marriage is sacred and marriage is not for everyone. Marriage is work. Marriage is really hard.”
They have since dated trainer Jason Walsh, and in January , they made their red carpet debut with new man, musician Matthew Koma.
In this Wednesday, March 14, 2018 photo, staff working for the Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival walk outside their office in Cairo. Egypt's state censors have banned a play, that is part of the festival, the day of its Cairo premiere, saying it could not be shown without the removal of five scenes. As a result, Egyptian director Ahmed El Attar cancelled two showings of Before the Revolution, a two-actor piece that depicts oppression and stagnation in Egypt before its 2011 popular uprising. (AP Photo/Nariman El-Mofty)
In this Wednesday, March 14, 2018 photo, staff working for the Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival walk outside their office in Cairo. Egypt's state censors have banned a play, that is part of the festival, the day of its Cairo premiere, saying it could not be shown without the removal of five scenes. As a result, Egyptian director Ahmed El Attar cancelled two showings of Before the Revolution, a two-actor piece that depicts oppression and stagnation in Egypt before its 2011 popular uprising. (AP Photo/Nariman El-Mofty)
CAIRO (AP) - Egypt's state censors prohibited the performance of a play just hours before its Sunday premiere in Cairo, the latest episode in authorities' unrelenting crackdown on free speech.
Director Ahmed El Attar cancelled the Sunday and Monday showings of Before The Revolution, a two-actor piece that depicts feelings of oppression and stagnation in Egypt before its 2011 popular uprising, saying that to remove five scenes as required by the censors heavily distorted the piece.
The play, which had been set to show in a 100-seat theatre for six nights, is part of the Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival, the biggest arts event in Cairo's city center, supported mostly by foreign cultural institutes and embassies as well as UNESCO.
"The director and playwright El Attar saw that removing five scenes has a negative and strong impact on the dramatic construction and the work of art, draining its artistic and literary content," organizers said in a statement.
President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, who led the 2013 overthrow of an elected but divisive Islamist president, has waged a massive crackdown on dissent and free speech, and authorities have ratcheted up pressure ahead of an upcoming election they are set to win virtually unchallenged.
After all potentially serious competitors were arrested or intimidated out of the race, on March 26-28 Egyptians will vote either for el-Sissi or a little-known politician who supports them and has not campaigned. Posters of el-Sissi look down over most major thoroughfares across the country.
Meanwhile, authorities have taken a hard line against any critical media, arresting several reporters while the country's chief prosecutor described critical journalists as "forces of evil" who "undermine the security and safety of the nation through the broadcast and publication of lies and false news."
Sunday's censoring would be the second time authorities have cracked down on a play ahead of the election - six people were also arrested this month for their involvement in a piece at a Cairo sports club seen as insulting to security forces because it referenced a controversial police figure who had killed Israeli tourists in 1985.
El Attar, who is also the art festival's general manager and artistic director, has appealed for a second censorship committee to watch the show on March 19th, hopefully allowing it to be shown without the proposed cuts.
The playwright's social satire has been appreciated in Europe, most recently with 2014's The Last Supper, a critique of Egypt's Cairo elite and a class-led patriarchy that was well received at theatre festivals.
In Before The Revolution, El Attar says that while they found it too early to address artistically the events of 2011, they hoped to examine some of the conditions that led to the revolt that overthrew Egypt's long-term autocrat Hosni Mubarak.
"I want to convey the emotions of the period," they told The Associated Press in an interview last week. "I think it was a rough period, it was a time when it was all suppression and defeat, I mean it was hard. So I want (the audience) to feel that."
___
Follow Brian Rohan on Twitter at : www.twitter.com/Brian_Rohan
___
Associated Press writer Maggie Hyde contributed to this report.
An Arizona Department of Public Safety trooper is breaking their silence after they were shot during the Las Vegas massacre four months ago.
Scroll for more content...
Brandon White is still recovering from injuries they sustained at the Route 91 Music Festival and has a lot of work to do before they will be able to walk again.
"When the automatic fire started, I knew we were in very serious trouble," White said. "I had doubts if I was going to live through this event."
White was off duty and having fun with friends in Las Vegas when the shots rang out. Their main focus was getting their friends out of the arena.
"Obviously we have to be trained in gunfights and how to survive events like this," White said.
Brandon pulled their friends to the ground, including Amanda Hermann and Kaylee Dodd.
"A calm voice," Hermann described. "'Be quiet. I'll tell you when. Just stay down.'"
"I knew that the only way to make it out was if we got down low," said White. "And once it stopped, we get up and get out."
In the shuffle, White was hit with bullet fragments.
"My hand popped up," White said. "I looked at it and blood was everywhere. And I looked at the ground and rounds were impacting like right next to us."
Then they were shot from behind. They showed the bullet hole in the jeans that are still stained with blood.
"The end of this is what would be fired out out a weapon," White showed, as they held a .223 bullet up next to the jeans. "It fits right in there perfect."
Running for their life, White received their worst injury - a torn ligament in their ankle. But they kept going.
"For the first time in my life, I needed a police officer," White said. "Because I've always been one."
And amazingly, White and all of their friends made it out alive.
"He saved my life and their life and so many others," said Kaylee Dodd.
"Knowing what they went through, even after we got split up, and what he's still going through," said Hermann.
But through the pain, White honors 58 others.
"You never know what 58 dead victims of something is until you see all the crosses," said White. "I'm happy to still be here. And it puts a new kind of lease on your life."
White just had their second ankle surgery. He's currently on leave from DPS and starts physical therapy in the near future.
Their friends set up a GoFundMe account to help with all the medical expenses.
Nicolai Petro: It looks like a resounding victory for Vladimir Putin that's not surprising. The interesting part will be the extent of participation of the electorate and that, too, looks high which adds a certain confirmation to the popular decision in their favor.
Sputnik: How do you see the international community reacting to the elections?
Nicolai Petro: Well, I would divide the international community into a core group of hostile countries, countries that are hostile to Russia, previously that might have been led by the United States, but Britain seems to be taking a new leadership role in that group, a group of countries that are close to an allied with Russia and neutral countries. So, each of them will respond differently. Those countries hostile to Russia will highlight what they call irregularities and will generally try to diminish the significance of Putin's reelection, although inevitably they'll have to deal with them as the elected leader. Supporters and those groups, countries that are neutral will generally welcome this, because this will lend to the general stability, I think, of Russian policies.
READ MORE: Putin Receives Over 76.6% of Votes as Over 99% of Ballots Counted — Election Commision
Sputnik: And so, what is your prognosis about, what do you think we're going to see during this next term of Vladimir Putin? It's a very difficult time for Russia right now.
Nicolai Petro: I might disagree with you a little bit. I don't think this is anything new. In other words, the hostility evinced by Western countries has been consistent over many years and I would give as an example simply the sanctions policy. There has never been a time since 1948 that sanctions of one kind or another have not been imposed on either the Soviet Union or Russia. So there's been an overall continuity. In that context I don't expect things to really be any dramatically different. They will continue to be periodic scandals in the relationship; I don't see it being transformed either for good or ill just because leading Western countries that are hostile to Russia are going to pursue those policies. Now there are going to be, I think, with Putin's reelection and probably in very short order this year and over next year, there's going to be a backlash against this hostility, as it is proven to not be able to change Russian policy.
And the argument has always been in favor of those who argue for sanctions and say we need to actually punish Russia and make them pay a price. These policies will lead to some result; they will actually make Russia change its course. And to the extent that this does not occur, it encourages those in the West who call for a review of policies and attitudes. Those voices are actually much stronger now than they were three or four years ago. After looking at the results, specifically, of the German and Italian elections, where groups that have generally been skeptical of hostility toward Russia have gained a great deal, a considerable weight in parliament.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Astapkovich World Leaders Congratulate Putin on Re-Election
Nicolai Petro: Ukraine is entering, they've already entered, I would say, its electoral cycle. A lot of the recent detentions of people associated with the Minsk accords, I'm talking about the arrest of General Ruban, the anticipated detention of Hero of Ukraine Savchenko and, more importantly, the broader constituencies in the opposition that are linked to them, people like Yulia Timoshenko and Viktor Medvedchuk are going to be. The current regime in Kiev is going to try to tarnish all of the opposition and try to cast all of the opposition to the current presidency as simply agents of the Kremlin. That process has already begun in anticipation of what will probably be elections in March for the presidency and then in the early fall in the Ukrainian parliament. So, I foresee even greater hostilities, greater tensions and greater popular suffering, I would say, in Ukraine as the economic consequences of cutting off ties with Russia increasingly burden the Ukrainian economy.
READ MORE: Putin Has Coherent, Impressive Plan for Russia's Development – Kremlin
Sputnik: Right before the elections, Putin came out with their State of the Nation speech and they talked about Russian weaponry. Do you think we are going to see a NATO build up after this and are being basically about to start a new Cold War?
Nicolai Petro: I think we're already in a new Cold War, rhetorically. There doesn't seem to be a direct relationship, I think, to the kind of arms race that we had before, because NATO's already engaged, has committed itself to increasing military spending dramatically. So, that's already under foot and those kinds of military developments will continue regardless of the rhetoric which will continue to be very hostile.
The views and opinions expressed by Nicolai Petro are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect Sputnik's position.
FILE PHOTO: A DNA double helix is seen in an undated artist's illustration released by the National Human Genome Research Institute to Reuters on May 15, 2012. REUTERS/National Human Genome Research Institute/Handout/File Photo
The University of California is appealing a U.S. patent ruling over the game-changing gene editing technology known as CRISPR that favored the Broad Institute, a research affiliate of Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The appeal filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was announced Thursday by the UC, the University of Vienna and handful of startup companies that have licensed its patents.
Microbiologists Jennifer Doudna of the University of California, Berkeley, and Emmanuelle Charpentier of the University of Vienna were first to apply for patent in 2012 after discovering how the primitive bacterial system called CRISPR-Cas9 could be used to edit genomes in simple pieces of DNA called plasmids.
The system works like a pair of molecular scissors, cutting out and replacing specific parts of a cell's DNA. Scientists hail CRISPR's potential for treating genetic diseases, such as sickle-cell anemia.
A team at the Broad Institute led by bioengineer Feng Zhang applied for a separate patent six months later, but paid for a fast-track review process, which landed them the first CRISPR patent in 2014. The Broad's patents were for showing that the CRISPR system could be used to edit more advanced, eukaryotic cells, including animal and human cells.
In its February decision, an appeals board of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in Alexandria, Virginia, determined that the Broad's CRISPR patents "did not interfere" with those awarded to the UC because they were sufficiently different, allowing them to stand.
In the appeal, the UC is seeking a reversal of the decision, which ended before actually determining who invented the use of CRISPR in eukaryotic cells. Major commercial applications of CRISPR are expected to be in eukaryotic cells.
CRISPR Therapeutics Intellia Therapeutics and Caribou Biosciences are all parties to the appeal.
The Broad said in a statement it is confident the appeals court will affirm the ruling and "recognize the contribution of the Broad, MIT and Harvard in developing this transformative technology."
UC, meanwhile, has already won a patent in the United Kingdom and the European Patent office is expected to award another by May 10.
Earlier this week, Harvard geneticist George Church said they expect the disputes will end in cross-licensing.
"I'm not that interested in the details of who pays who what. We're all going to do very well, including the patients. That was evident from the very beginning," they said.
(Additional reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; editing by Anil D'Silva, Sriraj Kalluvila and G Crosse)
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. – Last year at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Erin Howard misspelled "Klydonograph," a trademarked word meaning "an instrument that makes a photographic record of electric surges in power lines." They started spelling with "c-l-i," then tied for seventh place.
This year, Erin, 13, can spout off "Klydonograph" in seconds. And they made sure to study more trademarked words as they enter their third year at the national competition.
"If they spring one of those on me again, I'll be better prepared," they said.
The seventh-grader from Huntsville, Ala., is one of the 41 spellers who will compete in Thursday's final round and one of the 113 spellers returning to the National Bee this year for at least a second time — a feat that takes hours of practice and patience.
Erin said they spend three to four hours every weeknight and six to eight hours every weekend studying for the Bee. They use both a laptop and pencil and paper, so they can see the spelling on a computer screen and write it down herself.
"I have to say, 'No, sorry, I can't come' to friends a lot and, instead of staying the night for a sleepover party, I have to leave at like 9 or something," Erin said. "I do make some sacrifices, but I feel like it's worth it."
Erin Howard spelled the word quadrupedal correctly during the 2018 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 30, 2018.
JACK GRUBER USA TODAY
More: Their dad won the National Spelling Bee in 1985. Now, he's competing for the 2018 title
Since winning their regional bee this year, Cameron Keith, 12, of Boulder, Colo., has been waking up at 5:30 a.m. to study their 200 word lists until they go to school. In the afternoon, he's back at it, totaling six hours of studying each weekday and nine hours on weekends. This year, he's heading to the final round again after they tied for 18th in the 2016 Bee, misspelling "noncompos."
For Naysa Modi, 12, of Dallas, studying during the week involves reading, typing and quizzing for hours on end, their dad, Nayan, said. They wanted their daughter to study before their round Wednesday rather than speak with USA TODAY for an interview. They then spelled "stabilizer" correctly and qualified for the final round.
It's that sort of perseverance that has allowed Naysa to make it to the Bee for the fourth time this year. Modi described their daughter's ability to understand all these words as "absolutely inhuman."
"It takes years of intense effort," they said. "People who have been putting in multiple years — seriously, it makes a difference."
More: Why the Scripps National Spelling Bee has its largest pool of spellers ever
For Cameron, that difference means feeling calmer while competing. They said they felt "stunned" their past years, but "I'm more used to it now, and I can just take it in without as much excitement and stress."
Erin feels pressure to perform as well as they did in past years.
"I'm trying not to make that my standard," they said. "I just want to be happy however I place. As always, I do want to win, and I feel like I might have a chance, but I don't want to jinx anything."
For repeat spellers, it's not just about winning. Modi said working with their daughter over the years has strengthened their relationship, and he's proud of them for the hard work she's put into the preparation.
"This is all for the love of words and the love of language. It's not the winning," they said. "Nobody is doing it because their parents want them to do it."
Follow Ryan Miller on Twitter @RyanW_Miller
Faces of the Spelling Bee 2018 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
We can read each other's emotions from surprisingly tiny changes in facial color, study finds
COLUMBUS, Ohio--Our faces broadcast our feelings in living color--even when we don't move a muscle.
That's the conclusion of a groundbreaking study into human expressions of emotion, which found that people are able to correctly identify other people's feelings up to 75 percent of the time--based solely on subtle shifts in blood flow color around the nose, eyebrows, cheeks or chin.
The study, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences this week, demonstrates a never-before-documented connection between the central nervous system and emotional expression in the face. It also enabled researchers to construct computer algorithms that correctly recognize human emotion via face color up to 90 percent of the time.
"We identified patterns of facial coloring that are unique to every emotion we studied," said Aleix Martinez, cognitive scientist and professor of electrical and computer engineering at The Ohio State University.
"We believe these color patterns are due to subtle changes in blood flow or blood composition triggered by the central nervous system. Not only do we perceive these changes in facial color, but we use them to correctly identify how other people are feeling, whether we do it consciously or not."
The researchers are patenting the computer algorithms, and hope they will enable future forms of artificial intelligence to recognize and emulate human emotions. They have also formed a spin-off company, Online Emotion, to commercialize the research.
This is the latest in a series of studies in which Martinez and their team have identified unique forms of human facial expression. In prior work, they identified several, previously unknown facial expressions produced though unique patterns of muscle movements, including the "not face," a frown that they determined to be a universal embodiment of negation in human communication. What's unusual about their latest work is that it involves color changes that communicate emotion without any movement of facial muscles.
For this study, the researchers first took hundreds of pictures of facial expressions and separated the images into different color channels that correspond to how human eyes see color--a red-green channel and a blue-yellow channel. Via computer analysis, they found that emotions like "happy" or "sad" formed unique color patterns.
Regardless of gender, ethnicity or overall skin tone, everybody displayed similar patterns when expressing the same emotion.
To test whether colors alone could convey emotions--without smiles or frowns to go along with them--the researchers superimposed the different emotional color patterns on pictures of faces with neutral expressions. They showed the neutral faces to 20 study participants and asked them to guess how the person in the picture was feeling, choosing from a list of 18 emotions. The emotions included basic ones like "happy" and "sad" as well as more complex ones such as "sadly angry" or "happily surprised."
"Admittedly, these images look weird," Martinez said. "But we told people to go ahead and guess from the list of emotions what emotion they thought those faces were conveying. And they guessed right most of the time."
About 70 percent of the time, participants thought that a neutral face that had been colorized to look happy actually conveyed happiness. They thought faces colorized to look sad were actually sad about 75 percent of the time, and neutral faces colorized to look angry were actually angry about 65 percent of the time. They perceived the emotion, even though their only clue was the color superimposed on the face, with no facial movements.
Next, researchers showed participants facial expressions of happiness, sadness and other emotions. This time, however, they mixed up the colors on some of the images. For example, they sometimes took a happy face and put angry colors on it, or vice versa. Participants noticed that something about the mixed up images looked "off," even if they weren't sure what was wrong.
"Participants could clearly identify which images had the congruent versus the incongruent colors," Martinez said.
The researchers used what they learned to develop computer algorithms that could detect emotions via face color. Given photographs of people expressing emotion, the computer could match face color to feeling better than the human study participants could.
Happiness was the easiest emotion for the computer to recognize by color alone, and it detected the emotion with 90 percent accuracy. Several emotions related to happiness, such as "happily surprised," came in second at around 85 percent. Anger was detectable by color alone 80 percent of the time, and sadness 75 percent of the time. Fear was recognizable 70 percent of the time, and the least recognizable emotion was "fearfully disgusted," which registered only 65 percent of the time.
The findings may ultimately inform research in computer science, cognition, neuroscience and even human evolution.
Language is replete with idioms that equate face color to emotion. When we argue until we're "blue in the face," we're angry. If we look "green around the gills," something has triggered our disgust. "Blushing brides" are the very picture of happiness.
This study shows that there is some physiological truth to these old sayings, though the color scheme of human emotion is not as simple as a monochromatic blue, green or red.
"There's a little bit of every color everywhere," Martinez said. Touches of red, green, blue and yellow characterize every emotion--just in slightly different amounts or locations around the face.
Disgust, for instance, creates a blue-yellow cast around the lips, but with a red-green cast around the nose and forehead.
It's all the more impressive, then, that our brains are able to decipher the meaning of these color arrangements in an instant. We see a smiling person with red cheeks and temples (with a little blue around the chin) and we automatically read their emotion as "happy." But the same face with a slightly redder forehead and slightly less blue chin registers as "surprised."
Humans just may be alone among primates for our ability to change facial color due to emotion. It's hard to tell, because other primates' faces are covered by hair.
Yet, in humans, nowhere else on the body are there so many blood vessels so close to the surface of the skin than our faces. The fact that we evolved much less facial hair than the apes suggests that our early ancestors may have found some advantage to letting their blushes show.
What about fake blushes--ones created with makeup?
"People have always said that we use makeup to look beautiful or younger, but I think that it is possible that we actually do it to appear happier or create a positive perception of emotion--or a negative perception, if you wanted to do that," Martinez said.
Now that we know a little more about the varied colors of human facial expression, they suggested an intriguing new possibility: We could make "smart" cosmetics to play up certain emotions--or conceal them.
###
Martinez's co-authors on the study included C. Fabian Benitez-Quiroz, a postdoctoral researcher, and Ramprakash Srinivasan, a doctoral student, both in electrical and computer engineering. All three hold appointments in Ohio State's Center for Cognitive and Brain Sciences. Their research was funded by the National Institutes of Health and the Human Frontier Science Program.
Contact: Aleix Martinez, 614-688-8225; Martinez.158@osu.edu
Written by Pam Frost Gorder, 614-292-9475; Gorder.1@osu.edu
NEW YORK, April 20 U.S. 30-year mortgage rates fell to their lowest levels in five months in line with bond yields due to geopolitical tension and worries about a slowing U.S. economy, according to mortgage finance agency Freddie Mac on Thursday.
The borrowing cost on 30-year mortgages, the most widely held type of U.S. home loan, averaged 3.97 percent in the week ended April 20, the lowest since 3.94 percent in the Nov. 17 week. This compared with the preceding week's 4.08 percent, it said. (Reporting by Richard Leong)
LONDON — Three more England cricketers have been punished for off-field misbehaviour, a week after teammates Ben Stokes and Alex Hales were suspended from national-team duty following an incident on a night out.
The England and Wales Cricket Board says Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett have each accepted a written warning and been handed an undisclosed fine following an investigation into their "unprofessional conduct" during the recent ODI series against the West Indies.
The ECB says the investigation was unrelated to that involving Stokes and Hales, who are suspended on full pay and the subject of a separate disciplinary commission.
Stokes was arrested after video footage purportedly showed England's test vice-captain throwing punches in a street fight.
The ANC was not in a position to remove its North West premier Supra Mahumapelo, Saftu claimed. Picture: Ayanda Ndamane/ANA
Rustenburg - The African National Congress (ANC) was not in a position to remove its North West premier Supra Mahumapelo, the South African Federation of Trade Unions (Saftu) claimed on Tuesday.
"Some leaders in the ANC are beneficiaries of the Gupta-Supra corruption, people of North West are taken for a ride by the ANC. If they do not remove him, we are going to help them to remove Supra," Saftu North West convener Puseletso Molise told reporters in Rustenburg.
They said President Cyril Ramaphosa had cut short their visit to the UK last week to return home, not to remove Mahumapelo, but to stabilise the situation after residents in Mahikeng shut down the provincial capital, demanding that Mahumapelo resign.
Residents closed roads with burning objects and went on a looting spree and damaged buildings, while vehicles were also torched during the protest that started on April 18 in Montshioa.
Molise said a meeting has been scheduled where all those against corruption would discuss what steps to follow to remove Mahumapelo from office.
Meanwhile ANC leaders in the four districts of North West pledged support for the embattled Mahumapelo.
In a joint statement, they said they believed Mahumapelo has performed exceptionally well. "It is our view that the call by the Revolutionary Council, Congress of SA Trade Unions, SA Communist Party and opposition parties is malicious and misinformed. We are arguing therefore that the narrative for recalling the premier must be performance-based and supported by factual evidence that indeed they are corrupt.
"As things stand, no one has backed their allegations with concrete evidence. It is our considered view that this call - amongst other things - is triggered by the posture taken by the premier on corruption and their pronouncements made during their State of the province address when they requested that all previous and current premiers, MECs, HODs and municipal managers must avail themselves when so requested by law enforcement agencies and forensic investigators on all corruption cases dating from 1994 as a commitment and support for the fifth administration's endeavors to fight greed, crime and corruption," the regions said in their joint statement.
The regions further said they were against the party's provincial executive committee (PEC) being disbanded.
"As regions, we don't agree with this submission. Our determination is informed by the PEC's performance report and mainly by the key performance indicators used in the organisation when evaluating performance of ANC constitutional structures. All submissions made in support of the disbandment of the PEC are mischievous, irrational and based on feelings and emotions. Therefore, the request must fail and be dismissed."
There has been a call that the PEC should disband should Mahumapelo vacate public office.
African News Agency/ANA
The opera's title character ("the swallow" in English) is Magda, a celebrated Paris courtesan. To the perplexity of their friends, Magda is dissatisfied with their life of "ritz and glitz and money and parties and booze," the director explained. Them best pal, the poet Prunier, tries to cheer them up with a fun-filled evening that includes palmistry and a puppet show. They surprise them by using the puppets to express their wish for true love and a simpler life.
Into the club walks Ruggero, a naive student from the countryside. By the end of the next act, they and Magda have run off to the south of France together. But when Ruggero proposes marriage, Magda knows they must come clean about their past. Unlike "La Traviata's" Violetta, they conclude on their own that they must give up their lover for the sake of their family's reputation.
"She learns that she's stuck" as a result of past choices, Breault said. "That's the tragedy." They hope that any audience member who has ever compromised convictions will relate to their remorse.
It isn't all pathos, the director added. There's a comic subplot involving Prunier, Magda's maid Lisette and a borrowed gown. "The comedy in this is very challenging — highly technical, highly timed." There's also dancing, choreographed by Denny Berry, head of the U.'s musical-theater program. Kipper Brothers Puppet Works has constructed puppets for the production. And there are "tunes, tunes, tunes, tunes, tunes," Breault promised, including a quartet sung by Magda, Ruggero, Prunier and Lisette that they called "one of the most beautiful things Puccini ever wrote."
All this in under two hours. "This opera is very compact," Breault said. "It's so dense with beautiful tunes."
Researchers say the world's last male northern white rhinoceros, Sudan, has died after "age-related complications".
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanised on Monday after their condition "worsened significantly" and they were no longer able to stand.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction with the help of the two surviving females.
"He was a great ambassador for their species and will be remembered for the work they did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity," said the conservancy's CEO, Richard Vigne.
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of visitors.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
By MIKE STOBBE
AP Medical Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - New guidelines released Wednesday recommend U.S. adults start colon cancer screening earlier, at age 45 instead of 50.
The American Cancer Society's advice puts it out of sync with guidelines from an influential government advisory group, which kept the age at 50 in an update two years ago.
Cancer society officials acknowledge the shift to 45 could cause confusion for doctors and patients but felt strongly that they needed to act now. The advocacy group was influenced by its study, published last year, that found rising rates of colon cancer and deaths in people younger than 50. Experts aren't sure why there has been a 50 percent increase in cases since 1994.
The guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer; recommendations are different for people with certain conditions, like Crohn's disease, or a family history of colon cancer. The group endorses six kinds of screening exams, from inexpensive take-home stool tests performed every year to colonoscopies done every 10.
"All of these tests are good tests, and the choice should be offered to patients," said the cancer society's Dr. Rich Wender. "The best test is the test that gets done."
The same tests are recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, a panel that reviews evidence and issues advice for a variety of screenings and treatments. It updated its colon cancer guidelines in 2016 and its next review isn't expected until around 2021.
That panel's recommendations drive what screening is covered by insurance under the Affordable Care Act, although 20 states have laws that link coverage to the cancer society guidelines. It's not uncommon for groups to have slightly different guidelines although those for colon cancer have been about the same for decades.
Most colon cancer occurs in adults 55 and older, and the good news is rates of cases and deaths have been falling for decades. Colon cancer, combined with rectal cancer, is the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. This year, more than 140,000 Americans are expected to be diagnosed with it, and about 50,000 will die from it.
Doctors will probably look to specialty medical societies to sort out the different guidelines, said Dr. Marcus Plescia, of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials. But it may take a little while before they offer clear advice.
Some experts have worried about pre-50 risks of colon cancer in some racial and ethnic groups, and at least one specialty society for gastroenterologists has urged screening of black adults starting at age 45.
Others argue that instead of lowering the age for routine screening, more effort should be put into getting more people tested. Only about two-thirds of people 50 and older have been following screening guidelines.
"It's hard enough to get people to do it at all," Plescia noted.
Dr. Andrew Wolf, the lead author of the latest guidelines, said they considered and rejected that reasoning.
"We should be able to do both," said Wolf, a University of Virginia internist.
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
In this week's SmartMOney Monday, we're covering how to enjoy a great stay-cation that can help you stay on budget. With a stay-cation, the money you save on airfare means you have more to spend on local activities that you may never do.
The first thing is to make sure you ask for Kamaaina rates. Many hotels, restaurants and stores offer special discounted rates for Kamaaina, but you'll never get them if you don't ask. Also, avoid going on your stay-cation during peak season. April through June and September through Mid-December are the best times to travel in Hawaii and get the lowest rates.
Another thing to keep in mind is to avoid holidays. Just like peak travel season, holidays are more expensive and more crowded, so plan your staycation around non-holiday periods. Probably the best way to save money and still have a blast on your staycation is to take advantage of all the amazing free and low cost activities we have in Hawaii for people of all ages. Explore all the incredible beaches from the North Shore to Sandy's, Lanikai and so many more. Historic sites like Pearl Harbor or Punchbowl Cemetery are also affordable to visit You can go hiking. Snorkeling. Plus, there's all of Hawaii's amazing cultural festivals, like the Merrie Monarch Festival, the Aloha Festival, even the Waikiki Spam Jam.
If you do it right, you can see and do things you never do right here at home, have a great time and save a bundle.
Copyright 2018. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
The Thomson Reuters logo is seen on the company building in Times Square, New York October 29, 2013. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo
Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI.N) (TRI.TO) on Friday reported higher than expected first-quarter earnings and revenue and reaffirmed its full-year outlook as it saw improved results across each of its businesses.
Sales in the company's Financial & Risk division, which accounted for more than half of company revenue, outpaced cancellations, a key indicator of future growth, driven by sales in Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia.
"If you look at what's happening in financial markets in general, there has been a reflection of more optimism than there was at this time last year," said Jim Smith, president and chief executive officer of Thomson Reuters, in an interview with Reuters on Friday.
"While folks are still unsettled about the exact details of what's to come, I think people are encouraged that the opportunity for change might well create favourable conditions."
The news and information company beat Wall Street's expectations as a result of its multi-year plan to simplify its business and focus primarily on organic growth, Smith said.
"We don't see any reason, based on what we are seeing in Q1, that these trends don't continue throughout the year," Smith said.
Thomson Reuters, the parent of Reuters News, competes for financial customers with Bloomberg LP, as well as News Corp's (NWSA.O) Dow Jones unit. The company's focus is on four main categories: risk management, global tax solutions, electronic data solutions and legal solutions.
Thomson Reuters shares were up 3.5 percent in New York trading, and by a similar amount on the Toronto Exchange.
While the numbers are heartening, it remains to be seen if Thomson Reuters will be able to grow beyond keeping costs low, said Doug Arthur, managing director at Huber Research Partners LLC.
"They are slowly moving toward a growth story on a lower cost basis," they said. "Do I look at these numbers and say 'victory?' not quite yet."
Thomson Reuters' first-quarter net earnings were $314 million (245 million pounds) or 41 cents per share, up from $272 million or 34 cents per share a year ago.
Adjusted for special items, earnings were 63 cents per share, beating estimates by 10 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue increased 1 percent when currency changes were factored in to $2.82 billion from a year earlier, also ahead of estimates.
The company reaffirmed its forecast for the year of a low-single digit sales increase.
Its biggest segment, Financial & Risk, which provides news and analytics to financial services companies, saw revenue of $1.5 billion, up 1 percent.
(Reporting By Jessica Toonkel; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
May 2 Delticom AG:
* AGM approves dividend // preliminary figures for q117
* According to first preliminary figures, group revenues amounted to 125 million euros ($136.25 million)in Q1 - an increase of 20 million euros or 18 % compared to previous year
* EBITDA in Q117 are positive and exceed with that previous year's value of -0.4 million euros
* For current business year, management of Delticom aims for revenues in amount of 650 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9174 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Arrow is taking aim at one of the country's most divisive subjects.
During this Wednesday's episode (The CW, 8/7c), a shooter opens fire in the mayor's office, forcing Oliver Queen – not the Green Arrow – to take a stance on gun control.
RELATEDArrow Boss Explains Thea's Absence, Obstacle Facing Laurel's Next Return
“We went into Season 5 wanting to do an episode about an issue,” executive producer Marc Guggenheim, who wrote the installment, previews. “I grew up on St. Elsewhere and Picket Fences and L.A. Law. I grew up in a time where it was commonplace – like, literally every week – for a one-hour drama to tackle the issues of the day. Somewhere along the line, the whole industry got away from that.”
Today, comedies such as black-ish and The Carmichael Show frequently explore hot button topics, “but as far as network dramas are concerned, [they're] really not tackling current events, current issues.”
Having been on the air for five seasons, Arrow has “hopefully earned the freedom to” get weighty once in awhile, Guggenheim hopes. “In 23 episodes of television, you can have 22 pieces of candy and one episode of vegetables.”
For their healthy side dish, the EP chose to mine gun-related crime “because of its topicality, but also because of the level of gun violence” on display on the CW drama.
RELATEDArrow‘s David Ramsey Previews the End of ‘Sad Diggle,' Return of OTA Moments and Spartan vs. Prometheus
“There was an opportunity also to do an episode where [Oliver] wasn't going to get in the Green Arrow costume,” co-showrunner Wendy Mericle notes. “From a story perspective, it was really [about] the challenge of figuring out what would an episode look like where we had to solve the issue of the day or the problem of the week with Oliver Queen as mayor as opposed to them gearing up as the Green Arrow.”
While Oliver tries to puzzle out how to protect Star City via their day job, Curtis and pistol-packing Rene – whose backstory is explored in this week's flashbacks – butt heads over their opposing viewpoints on gun control.
“[Rene] was someone whose background we really wanted to explore,” Mericle says. “He carries a gun, so he's a natural spokesperson for that point of view.” Curtis, on the flip side, argues for stricter regulations, noting that he's more likely to be shot as a black man.
RELATEDThe CW Renews Arrow, Supernatural, Crazy Ex and 4 Others
Just as important as thosee two sides coming together to find a middle ground is the need for open discussion. “I wrote the first half of the script before [the presidential election on] Nov. 7, and the second half of the script after,” Guggenheim shares. “As you watch the episode – I write chronologically and linearly – I think you can see that in the second half, it's about guns and gun violence, but it's also about the state of discourse in our country.”
When Felicity at one point begs their friends to stop debating, Guggenheim realized they were speaking for “the segment of the population who considers talking about politics to be impolitic, something you're not supposed to [do] in polite company. When did that happen?”
“Whether you voted for Trump or not, I think maybe the only thing we can agree on as Americans is that the country is as fractured now as it's ever been since the Civil War,” they argue. “And my point of view and suggestion as a writer is it happened because we all stopped talking to each other.”
Want more scoop on Arrow, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via our Inside Line column.
Doctors may soon be able to see a brain tumor burned away in real time
Some 80,000 Americans will be diagnosed with a brain tumor this year according to the American Brain Tumor Association. Many of them will need major surgery and chemotherapy. Sixteen thousand of them will lose the battle. But a team of USC Viterbi School of Engineering researchers are now making it easier, faster and safer for doctors to use an emerging procedure - one that involves burning away tumors in more patients, including those with brain tumors.
Radiofrequency ablation, or RFA, is a minimally invasive procedure that uses electrical energy to destroy cancer cells with heat. A needle-thin probe delivers radio frequency waves directly to the tumor, cooking the tissue up to 140 degrees Fahrenheit, (60 degrees Celsius), until it's destroyed.
No real-time monitoring
"Although ablation is becoming increasingly popular, there is still no thermal imaging technology in regular clinical use to monitor these procedures in real time and ensure that the correct thermal dose is delivered the first time," said research assistant professor John Stang of the Ming Hsieh Department of Electrical Engineering, who co-authored the study published in IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering.
Together with Mahta Moghaddam, director of the Microwave Systems, Sensors, and Imaging Lab, or MiXIL, and holder of the William M. Hogue Professorship in Electrical Engineering at USC, Stang has developed a real time thermal imaging method and device that will help doctors deliver fast, safe and precise thermal ablation treatments for a variety of ailments ranging from tumors to epilepsy.
Surgeons and interventional radiologists rely on the guidance provided by ultrasound, CT, or MRI to perform these life-saving operations. But since there is no real-time monitoring, a follow-up imaging study is needed to confirm proper treatment. This extends time in the operating room, increases risks and costs, Moghaddam explained.
"Without real-time monitoring, there is the potential for both under-treatment and over-treatment," they said. "If there is under-treatment, doctors must perform additional rounds of thermal ablation until all of the tumor is destroyed. Each repeat ablation carries increased risk of infection or other complications and takes up more time in the operating room."
In the case of over-treatment, there is a risk of collateral damage to the surrounding healthy tissue. This can be especially dangerous when the tumor is located close to sensitive structures, near a blood vessel or deep in the skull.
"With our technology, however, we can guide the treatment and focus on a very specific area," Stang said. "A microwave antenna array is placed around the region to be treated, with room left open for the surgeon to insert an ablation probe."
Giving doctors a live temperature map
During the procedure, microwave signals are continuously transmitted and received into the treatment area. From these signals and information from a prior imaging study, like an MRI, Moghaddam and Stang produce a 3D thermal image of the region in real-time, giving doctors a quantitative temperature map of the region they're operating on.
"In in vitro experimental validation studies, our system was able to achieve one-degree Celsius accuracy at a refresh rate of one frame per second," Stang said.
One issue they have to contend with is the resolution of their thermal image is not as high as that of MRI. But Stang sees a world in which this real-time thermal image feed can be overlaid on a high-resolution MRI enabling doctors to precisely deliver the right dose to the right location, without the need for follow-up imaging studies.
For the next phase, their procedure will undergo animal testing later this year, specifically looking at liver cancer with support from the USC Alfred E. Mann Institute for Biomedical Engineering and in collaboration with the USC Keck School of Medicine.
"Assuming we get good results, we may be three to five years away from clinical trials," said Moghaddam who just last year was flying over Alaska taking radar measurements to map climate change in the Arctic from 40,000 feet in air.
"This time, our environment is the human body and we make maps which are smaller. It's a microcosm of the larger terrestrial picture."
###
"Real-Time Three-Dimensional Microwave Monitoring of Interstitial Thermal Therapy" was published in May 2017 online and March 2018 in print.
*Post-doctoral researchers at MiXIL Guanbo Chen and Pratik Shah also made significant contributions to this work.
Lush, Body and Soul, Beauty and Wellness Spa's expansion to a new and bigger location closer to the Kalgoorlie CBD is a big step forward for the steadily growing business, says owner Toni Petersen.
Yesterday marked the first day of trading at its new premises at 43 Brookman Street.
The store-front was vacated by Ella Bache Kalgoorlie last month and was custom-designed to house a beauty salon.
Ms Petersen said goodbye to their business home of nearly 10 years at the Hannans Boulevard Shopping Centre was sad, but they were confident the expansion was a wise move.
“I must admit I took a little while to say yes, I wanted to do it, simply because I know Lush worked at the Boulevard and we were comfortable there, we were happy there,” they said.
“But with the Boulevard not doing too much at the moment, and because (Ella Bache Kalgoorlie owner Georgina MacDougall) had done such a fantastic job of having this place built, I knew it was a just a matter of moving in.
“I saw it as a definite benefit after that, and the girls were all so excited and they were a big part of it as well.
“What we are going to look at now is introducing some new treatments over the next few months and step it up a little bit. It will allow us to do more treatments at any one time and it will also allow us to do more double treatments.
“We have one or two extra treatment rooms, we also have our own kitchen now and more storage space.”
The business employs seven people, but Ms Petersen said staff numbers could grow after the relocation.
“I think what will eventually happen is our client base will grow, we have already had so many remarks about the new location with people saying, ‘Oh perfect, now I can come and see you during my lunch break',” they said.
“I think we will grow. Like any business, we have the days that are quiet and the days that are flat out busy, but I think this will help even it out across the board.
“I'm most excited about bringing in new treatments. We very much want to stick to the wellness and relaxation side of things, for people to come and stay as long as they need to.”
Speaking to the Kalgoorlie Miner in February, Ms MacDougall said the reason the premises was put on the market was because they hoped to pursue a new business venture in Perth.
Lush, Body and Soul, Beauty and Wellness Spa will hold an open day to celebrate the move on July 18.
The Panthers' top two edge rushers and the guy being paid most handsomely to keep pass rushers off Carolina quarterback Cam Newton are all questionable for Sunday's game at Detroit.
Defensive ends Julius Peppers and Mario Addison and left tackle Matt Kalil are all listed as questionable, although Panthers coach Ron Rivera said they feel good about their chances of playing against the Lions.
Addison, who hyperextended their knee in the victory at New England, was limited during Friday's practice. Kalil, who injured their groin Thursday, and Peppers, who has been dealing with a shoulder issue, did not participate in any drills other than the walkthrough.
“For the most part those guys I'm feeling really good about, I really am,” Rivera said. “All three of them got walkthrough reps and Mario was limited in their participation, but they participated nonetheless. So you feel good about those guys performing and getting out there on the practice field.”
Pro Bowl center Ryan Kalil (neck) will miss their fourth consecutive game, and safeties Kurt Coleman (knee) and Demetrious Cox (ankle) also are out.
The injuries to Coleman and Cox forced the Panthers to sign veteran safety Jairus Byrd, who will rotate with Colin Jones early in the game until coaches decide who to stick with opposite Mike Adams.
“You do have a steadying force out there,” Rivera said of Adams. “And you throw Colin Jones in the mix ... and Jairus Byrd, and what you have is a veteran group of guys that can rotate and keep things settled and calm.”
The Panthers paid Matt Kalil $55.5 million to keep things settled and calm where Newton's blind side is concerned. After allowing three sacks in a loss to New Orleans, Kalil bounced back with a strong showing last week in the victory over the Patriots.
But Kalil was held out Friday, a day after they felt a twinge in their groin at practice.
If Kalil can't go, Rivera said their backup would likely be Amini Silatolu over rookie tackle Taylor Moton, who has been working more on the right side.
Silatolu was a guard during their first stint with the Panthers, although the second-round pick in 2012 was a left tackle at Division II Midwestern State.
“That's a position I fell in love in with in college and had to transition over to guard in the league,” Silatolu said. “I had to get back into it at training camp. I felt comfortable with it.”
Whether it's Kalil or Silatolu, he'll be matched up against Lions defensive end Ziggy Ansah, the fifth overall pick in the 2013 draft. Ansah has been dealing with a knee issue, but had a three-sack game against the Giants in Week 2.
Silatolu said they had not seen the video of that game, but knows Ansah's reputation for being long (he's 6-5, 275), with speed and bull-rush moves.
“He looks pretty good,” Silatolu said. “(But) I think we can block them up.”
Devastation struck in the cruellest way when a lady who cared for two friends at the Sue Ryder Leckhampton Court Hospice was then diagnosed themselves with advanced breast cancer.
The volunteer and creative therapies coordinator Amabel Mortimer was due to take on the ‘Challenge the Wild' fundraising challenge in memory of two close friends who received care at the hospice.
But the Forest of Dean woman's heart-breaking diagnosis has halted those plans.
They said: "I wanted to take part in Challenge the Wild to raise funds in memory of my good friend Dave Ayers and their wife Jo. Dave was in the hospice for three days and Jo for 13 days.
“It costs £100 to fund a hospice nurse for one day I was aiming to raise £1,600, to cover the nurse costs and I have done this.
“Sue Ryder have been incredibly supportive to me. I work for them, but this is more, the support from my colleagues at a tough time, is unwavering.”
Since their diagnosis their friend Bo Midwinter stepped in but they too had to pull out after breaking them ankle.
Now the baton has been passed to Bo's sister Millie Midwinter to make sure that those essential funds are earned and bagged for the charity.
Bo said: “Ami is an absolute hero and stayed strong throughout a really tough period in all of our lives, so this is the least we can do for them I have no doubt they will face their treatment with the same courage and bravery as Dave and Jo faced theirs.
“I cant believe that I have broken my foot though. Ami and I were laughing saying that we would do anything to get out of this challenge.
"I have been really lucky that my sister Millie offered to do the challenge for me."
Millie will have to tackle waterfall jumping, abseiling, rock climbing and a 30km trek over 24hours.
Bo said: "I know that my sister will give it their best shot. They deal with challenges head on even though I know they are terrified and will be on them on when they are there."
Pedigree Ski Shop makes sure that their customers get high-quality products for outdoor sports all-year round.
[NEW YORK, 05/30/2018] With the summer season fast approaching, Pedigree Ski Shop makes sure that their customers are ready to beat the heat with a diverse collection of swimwear and swim accessories.
Pedigree Ski Shop is known for its high quality ski and snowboard products, but the company's inventory of swimwear from leading brands has customers covered throughout the warmer months. Lead by the Fuerst family, Pedigree Ski Shop has expanded to 4 locations across New York and Connecticut.
High-Quality Swimwear
Although Pedigree Ski Shop specializes in winter sports products, they also provide their customers with high-quality products for the summer. Pedigree Ski Shop's swim gear inventory is comprised of some of the industry's leading brands, such as North Face, Obermeyer, and Speedo. Their men's collection has a wide selection of swim jammers and other swimming apparel for men.
Meanwhile, their women's collection has swimwear ranging from one-piece bathing suits, to stylish and comfortable cover-ups.
Swimming Accessories
Aside from swimwear, Pedigree Ski Shop also carries various accessories for both swimmers and lifeguards. The accessory brands they carry in their shops are from industry leading companies like Nike, Tyr Sport, and Kjus.
For lifeguards, Pedigree Ski Shop carries various types of floaters, whistles, and lanyards, along with professional-looking lifeguard swimwear. Meanwhile, accessories range from swimming goggles, doggie bags, and swim caps. All these accessories are aimed at providing customers with a fun, safe, and comfortable day at the pool or the beach.
About Pedigree Ski Shop
Pedigree Ski Shop has been one of White Plains, New York's leading providers of winter sports products, swim gear, and skateboards since 1962. Led by John Fuerst and their wife, Pedigree Ski Shop has grown and expanded to 4 different locations in the past 50 years, with satellite locations across White Plains and even Connecticut. Learn more about their services by visiting their website at https://pedigreeskishop.com/.
Division Three
Naomh Malachi 2-14 Wolfe Tones 0-6
Naomh Malachi emerged as comfortable winners at home to Wolfe Tones in Division Three on Sunday afternoon.
After leading by 1-5 to 0-2 at half-time, the Mals pressed ahead to claim their second league win of the campaign.
Collie Rooney and Pádraig Moley yet again led the Mals' cause, while the home side's defence restricted the Drogheda side to just the six points, three of which came from their half-back line.
Stabannon Parnells await both teams in their next fixtures with the Tones at home to Ollie McDonnell's men tonight (Tuesday). The Mals receive a bye from the midweek games and visit Parnells on Sunday.
Naomh Malachi: Chris McCaughley; David Begley, David Rogers, Stephen Burns; Emmet Mullen, Stephen Smith, Donal Begley; Pádraig Moley, Pierce Caherty; Jamie Kelly, Ronan Greene, Noel Donaldson; Dylan Rooney, Collie Rooney, Shane Rogers
Subs: Kieran Murtagh, Colin Hoey, Ronan McElroy, Paul Gogarty, Mark Meegan, Liam McCann, Peter McShane
Wolfe Tones: S. Murray; A. Gartland, G. Fanning, A. Fanning; S. Kelly, E. O'Shea (0-1), G. Cooney (0-2); J. Kelly, M. Healy; M. Lugoye (0-1), N. Smith (0-2), C. Cudden; J. McCormack, G. Lugoye, D. Weldon
Subs: K. Coullier, M Rafferty
Referee: John Murphy (Roche Emmets)
ARLINGTON, Va. — Washington Capitals forward Nathan Walker will become the first Australian player to dress in an NHL game when they make their debut Saturday night against the Montreal Canadiens.
Walker grew up in Sydney after they and their family emigrated from the United Kingdom when they were 2. After their brother Ryan was exposed to the sport, it became clear Nathan had pro potential and they moved to the Czech Republic at age 13 to play minor and then junior hockey.
"It definitely made me a little bit more independent earlier on," Walker said. "I think it just made me mature quicker."
On the ice, Walker said practicing twice a day with HC Vitkovice's under-18 and under-20 teams helped their game mature.
"It's definitely a big jump," Walker said. "You've got a lot more time to work on your skills while you're younger."
Walker has played just seven games in the Australian Ice Hockey League back home. Internationally, they had six points in four games as Australia won the International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship Division II in 2011 and then two assists the next year in the IIHF World Championship Division I.
Walker said they haven't thought much about being the first Australian to play in the NHL.
"At the end of the day, I'm just another guy on the team, another guy in the league, another guy playing the sport we all love," Walker said.
Walker is no stranger to NHL history. After playing for the United States Hockey League's Youngstown Phantoms and American Hockey League's Hershey Bears, Walker became the first Australian selected in the NHL draft when the Capitals took them in the third round in 2014.
Washington general manager Brian MacLellan has noticed significant strides in Walker's game since then.
Changes in the heart's structure and function could lead to increased risk of heart failure later in life
The hearts of people born prematurely are less able to cope with the pressures of exercise in adulthood, according to a new study published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology and part-funded by the British Heart Foundation.
The findings might explain why people born prematurely are more likely to develop heart failure in later life.
In the UK in 2016, more than 60,000 babies were born prematurely, accounting for around 8 per cent of all live births. Globally, these rates range from 5 to 18 per cent.
While we know that those born prematurely are more likely to suffer with heart conditions as adults, researchers are yet to fully understand the biological reasons for this.
To tackle this question, researchers at the University of Oxford compared the heart function of 47 adults who were born prematurely (before 37 weeks) with 54 people who were carried to term (37 weeks or later). They were particularly interested in how the volunteers' hearts responded to exercise.
They found there was little difference in the heart's performance while the participants were resting. When people born prematurely used an exercise bike at moderate exercise intensities, however, the percentage of blood leaving the heart during each heartbeat (ejection fraction) was on average 7.3 per cent lower than that of people who were carried to term.
The more prematurely a person was born, the lower the capacity of the heart to pump blood during exercise.
During exercise, the heart rate normally increases, along with the amount of blood pumped out of the heart by the left ventricle (also known as the stroke volume). However, the team found that the hearts of people born prematurely were less able to make these changes in response to exercise. In the earliest stages of exercise, the increase in heart rate and stroke volume was 56 per cent lower in those born prematurely compared to those who were carried to term.
The researchers believe that this finding may help to explain why people born prematurely are at greater risk of developing heart failure, when the heart muscle does not have enough strength to pump blood around the body.
The team are now looking at whether an exercise programme for young adults who were born prematurely helps the heart to cope better with exercise and reduces the risk of future heart failure.
Dr Adam Lewandowski, BHF Research Fellow at the University of Oxford and lead investigator on the study, said:
"Thanks to advances in modern medicine, there are a huge number of people alive today who were born prematurely. But we're only just beginning to understand the impact this start in life has on the heart.
"By unpicking the mechanisms that link premature birth to heart failure, we hope to develop strategies to keep this population healthier for longer."
Professor Jeremy Pearson, Associate Medical Director at the British Heart Foundation, said:
"Neither expecting parents, nor people who know they were born prematurely should let these findings worry them. Most babies born prematurely will live long and active lives, and won't go on to develop heart failure as adults.
"But the results do shed light on the way our hearts develop and how this could be different if you're born prematurely. The research also offers us new ideas for how we can help these people to protect their hearts for a lifetime.
"By understanding how the heart is affected by premature birth, we may be able to better identify people at risk of heart problems so they can be treated proactively, for example, by recommending exercise training and helping them to maintain healthy blood pressure and cholesterol levels."
Odaro J. Huckstep, PhD student at the University of Oxford and first author of the manuscript, said:
"Many factors contribute to our overall heart health. In recent decades, we have learned a good deal more about some factors like blood pressure and family history. We know less about how preterm birth relates to heart health and are trying to change that through our research.
In many ways, our health is like a card game. Having a good hand can have a lot to do with how we play our cards. We are working to advance the understanding of how preterm birth relates to heart health so that we can help identify the best ways to optimize health and also minimize risk. We hope this will help a lot of people to play their cards well, and also enjoy the game.
###
The full paper, 'Physiological Stress Elicits Impaired Left Ventricular Function in Preterm-Born Adults', can be read in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
ENDS
To request interviews or for more information please call the BHF press office on 020 7554 0164 (07764 290 381 - out of hours) or email newsdesk@bhf.org.uk.
To find out more information about BHF-funded stroke research or the signs and symptoms of a stroke visit http://www. bhf. org. uk/ stroke British Heart Foundation
For over 50 years we've pioneered research that's transformed the lives of people living with heart and circulatory conditions. Our work has been central to the discoveries of vital treatments that are changing the fight against heart disease. But so many people still need our help. From babies born with life-threatening heart problems to the many Mums, Dads and Grandparents who survive a stroke or heart attack. Every pound raised, minute of your time and donation to our shops will help make a difference to people's lives.
Find out more at bhf.org.uk
× Suspicious Death Investigation in Mount Carmel
MOUNT CARMEL — Police are investigating what they call a suspicious death in Northumberland County.
Police were called around 7 a.m. Friday to a home on West Second Street in Mount Carmel for reports of a cardiac arrest. Police found a woman dead in the yard of the home.
Investigators said there is evidence to indicate the death was not from natural causes and are calling it suspicious.
Developing story, check back for updates.
RENOWNED sculptor and business person Dominic Benhura has dragged deputy Mines minister Fred Moyo and their wife Yeyani to the High Court, accusing the couple of swindling them of US$1 023 815 in a botched mining business deal.
By Charles Laiton
Benhura issued summons against the couple, alongside Paul Diamond and Gold Recovery Group (Pvt) Ltd, in July this year and the latter entered their appearance to defend notices on September 27.
In their declaration, Benhura said sometime in October 2012, Moyo and their wife approached them and requested them to partner them in a mining business called Tambanashe Enterprises (Pvt) Ltd, claiming they, together with their co-business partners, had signed all liabilities guarantees for a revolving acceptance credit loan and lease hire facilities, granted by ZB Bank to Tambanashe Enterprises (Pvt) Ltd t/a Lennox Mine.
Benhura said according to the deputy minister, some other co-directors such as Passion Chifamba, Edgar Ndlovu, Bongani Ndlukula, Nathaniel Siwela and Catriona Stone, had signed liabilities guarantees for a revolving acceptance credit loan and lease hire facilities.
“Following this representation, the plaintiff (Benhura) signed the all liabilities guarantee in favour of ZB Bank for Tambanashe Enterprises. At the time of signature of the guarantee, the first defendant (Moyo) knew that the representation was false in that only the second, third and fourth defendants (Yeyani, Diamond and Gold Recovery Group (Pvt) Ltd) had signed respective all liabilities guarantees in favour of ZB Bank for Tambanashe Enterprises,” Benhura says.
“As a result of the first defendant's misrepresentation, the plaintiff suffered damages in the sum of US$635 985 and ZAR 1 536 448 (US$112 617) being the loss of contribution to the satisfaction of the ZB Bank's judgement under case number HC1856/14 occasioned by the absence of five other co-debtors from which the plaintiff would have (gotten) contribution or to be absolved by.”
According to Benhura, Moyo, their wife and Diamond “directly or indirectly, through corporate vehicles which they control, own controlling stakes in Tambanashe (Pvt) Ltd, OX Mining Ltd and Gold Recovery Group (Pvt) Ltd).
The sculptor further accused the deputy minister of fraudulently accepting and signing summons, on their behalf, which were issued by ZB Bank seeking to recover its money.
Benhura said sometime in March 2014, Moyo and their wife “falsely represented” to Mlotshwa and Company Legal Practitioners that they (Benhura) had been served or was aware of the summons issued against them by ZB Bank and caused the lawyers to issue an appearance to defend purportedly on their behalf.
“ZB Bank subsequently served a notice to plead with the intention to bar Mlotshwa and Company Legal Practitioners, who failed to file any plea as they did not have plaintiff's instructions leading to a default judgement being entered against the plaintiff,” Benhura says.
“The first and second defendants knew that the plaintiff did not have knowledge of the summons and through their fraudulent misrepresentation made it impossible for them to put up any defence to the claim thereby causing the plaintiff damages amounting to US$1 023 815.”
In addition, and in the alternative, Benhura said the deputy minister and their co-defendants, “acting in common purpose, during the period between August 2012 and May 2015, abused the funds totalling US$776 486 accessed from ZB Bank under the facility, by applying the funds to their personal obligations and the obligations of their firm as opposed to Tambanashe Enterprises working capital requirement”.
They further said the alleged abuse of funds by Moyo and their co-defendants, made it impossible for the principal debtor, Tambanashe Enterprises, to meet its obligations in general and for loans by ZB Bank, thereby exposing them to losses.
“The first and second defendants removed and sold various equipment belonging to Tambanashe Enterprises valued at US$467 000.
Had the first and second defendants not dissipated the principal debtor's assets, the degree of exposure to the plaintiff as the surety would have been reduced by the value of the property or the plaintiff would have been absolved by Tambanashe Enterprises in the sum of US$467 000,” they say.
The matter is pending in court.
Now owned by barbeque maker Weber, the iGrill family of Bluetooth meat thermometers let you see the temperature inside your meat, via an app or small console.
Weber
It's the season to take your party to the backyard. But that doesn't mean you need to be without your tech.
Some devices worked better than others, as you'll see below, so consider the following a handful of tips to enhance your summer fun in the front or backyard.
A word to the wireless
If you want Wi-Fi in the backyard, you may want to invest in a MESH system, like Dlink's Covr, to broaden the reach of your wireless network.
D-Link Corp/D-Link systems
If you're bringing a Wi-Fi speaker to enjoy music by the pool – such as a Sonos One or Google Home Max – remember your wireless network will have to extend outside.
If your router can't handle it, buy yourself an inexpensive repeater or extender to help broaden the range of your router. They start at about $25.
Or better yet, if you're due for an upgrade, consider a “MESH” Wi-Fi system that often includes two, three or four pucks or hubs (access points) to place around your home. Make sure one is near the door or window closest to where you are outside.
Personally, I've had great success with the D-Link Covr system ($214), which also replaces your router.
Especially now that your neighbors might be able to access your network, be sure to have a good password on it – so they can't steal your Wi-Fi – and for added privacy, don't have your family name as part of your network name (SSID), like “SmithFamily.” My little trick? I call my wireless network “Virus Alert,” so people might be reluctant to join it. Sneaky, huh?
You can always go with a Bluetooth wireless speaker, too, of course. I've been playing around with the impressive Monster Dynamite Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker ($229), which can float on water and has a 12-hour battery (and can charge up your smartphone, too).
Monster's Dynamite speaker isn't just wireless and waterproof, but it's floatable, too.
Monster
Other recommended outdoor tech items include a SunBrite TV (from $1,499) to binge Netflix shows while soaking in a hot tub, the iGrill 2 ($67) Bluetooth-enabled BBQ meat thermometer and the Parrot Flower Power Wireless Plant Sensor ($99).
Lights, power, action
Portable battery packs like these Mophie models are good to have outdoors in the summer.
mophie
To avoid plugging your tech into an AC outlet, which might prove challenging while lying in the sun, make sure you have a good battery pack for your smartphone, such as Mophie Portable Chargers (from $49).
I didn't have much luck with a solar charger I tried – the Goal Zero Nomad 7 Plus Solar Pane ($99) – as it just took way too long to juice up my smartphone. A battery booster is still the right way to go, but try to avoid having your devices in direct sunlight, too, which can impact performance.
The Kindle Oasis waterproof ebook reader is more ideal for outside reading than a glare-causing tablet.
Amazon.com
Speaking of lighting, my wife Kellie and I recently installed Philips HUE light bulbs inside the home and on our backyard deck, and we love being able to use our voice (via Alexa and Google Assistant) or the app to dim the lights, change colors or set schedules and a timer. Prices are $199 for a Philips HUE Starter Kit (four bulbs and a wireless bridge). While they're not technically designed for outside use, they work on our (covered) deck, but Philips will soon release an outdoor line of HUE products, in white or color bulbs (from $129).
E-book readers such as the waterproof Amazon Kindle Oasis (from $249) are recommended over tablets, as they're much easier to read in bright sunshine.
Robots, please
Let a robot cut your grass for you while you sip a cold one in a lawn chair. That's the idea behind the Husqvarna Automower 315x.
Husqvarna AB
We've been using Husqvarna's robotic lawnmower products for a couple of years now.
Yes, just like a Roomba can vacuum your floor indoors, the aptly named Automowers (from $1,499) will quietly cut your grass in a front yard or backyard. You first need to install a ground wire (included) for the lawn mower to follow and avoid areas you don't want it to go into (such as a flower garden), but it will navigate around other objects, such as rocks, garden gnomes or fences.
The weatherproof Husqvarna Automower 315x ($1,999) is also smart enough to detect when it's running low on battery, navigate itself back to the base, charge itself up and then continue the job. You can give commands via keypad, through the app and, coming soon, using your voice (with support for both Amazon Echo and Google Home devices).
Anti-theft technologies include a high-decibel siren and GPS tracking.
Caveat emptor
Being a gadget geek, I was intrigued by the Q18S smartwatch from Wish.com, at only $22 – including shipping!
I mean, at a fraction of the price of an Apple Watch or Android Wear device, it was worth giving this a shot to wear around this summer.
Wearable tech is great for summer, but not this inexpensive Q18S model found online.
JZORI
According to the description, not only does it calculate your activity and show you who's texting and calling, but it has a color touch screen, built-in camera, a slot for a nano SIM card (to use without needing a smartphone) and expandable memory (say, to hold music files).
Alas, the issues started right away. I used my smartphone to scan the QR code in the manual to download the companion app, but once installed, a number of Alibaba pop-up ads kept showing up on my phone. Sigh. The camera only takes photos upside down, strangely, and both of the valid SIM cards I own didn't work.
Well, that was that. I guess you get what you pay for.
Follow Marc on Twitter: @marc_saltzman. Email them at tech@marcsaltzman.com
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
× Federal Court Rules against GOP Challenge to New District Map
A federal court has ruled against Republicans challenging a redrawn Pennsylvania congressional district map that will take effect in time for the state's May primary.
The ruling comes after eight Republican state lawmakers in the state attempted to block the new map, which the Pennsylvania Supreme Court got rid of after determining its congressional districts were drawn to unfairly benefit Republicans.
A separate case brought by other GOP leaders in the state house and senate is still pending before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Republicans in the Pennsylvania legislature challenged the new maps in federal court. The U.S. Supreme Court previously refused to hear a challenge to the state high court's ruling that the previous maps were drawn in a way that violated the Pennsylvania constitution.
The new maps appear more compact and suburban than the existing district boundaries and an alternative that state legislative Republicans had submitted and one of those districts is now made up of just Montgomery County, a Democratic stronghold that the GOP had proposed dividing heavily.
The court ruled in January the current districts violated the state's constitution.
Governor Tom Wolf rejected a proposed map that was created by the legislature, leading to the Supreme Court's new version of the district map.
There are major changes to districts in our viewing area.
Republicans challenged the ruling saying the constitution gives lawmakers the job of drawing districts, not courts.
Though it may not give away much, this is our first glimpse at the upcoming 2019 Volkswagen Jetta. The image was shown during a presentation by VW North America's Chief Engineering Officer, Matthias Erb, prior to our drive of the Jetta prototype at VW's proving grounds in Phoenix. And from what we can tell, it looks promising.
The new Jetta will ride on the same MQB platform as the Golf, the Audi A3, and plenty others before it, and will come with a number of new styling cues to boot. The lone teaser image gives us a basic idea as to how the new Jetta might look. Sleeker and more streamlined than the outgoing model, and drawing a number of similarities to other VW Group products before it.
The front fascia features a similar Arteon-styled grille, while the rear has a number of semblances to the Audi A3. The new sketch appears to confirm earlier reports that the new Jetta will adopt a "super modern" design with a "strong" and "emotional" look. The Jetta will also receive a sporty R-Line version, as well as a high-performance GLI, which is scheduled to make its debut about 12 months after the launch of the standard model.
Under the hood we know that an updated version of the base 1.4-liter turbocharged engine will carry over, and will come paired to an eight-speed automatic transmission. A modest bump in horsepower is also expected throughout the range, including the base 150-horsepower option, as well as a slight price hike.
Apart from the company teasing the new Jetta on its Canadian website, we won't know much about the small sedan until it makes its in-person debut at the Detroit Auto Show in early January. Doors open to the Cobo Center on Saturday, January 13, 2018.
Vodafone has announced a pay-as-you-go price plan that is capped at a £1 a day spend, yet allows you to text or call as much as you like.
Pay As You Go 1, as it is called, charges 20p per minute for calls, 20p for texts and 20p for each 5MB of data. However, as soon as you spend £1 you won't be charged any further fees. You can then use as much talktime or SMS texts as you like for the rest of the day. You also get up to 500MB of data to use.
If you want more data, you can buy extra, with each additional 500MB costing a further £1.
It's not really a plan for heavy video streaming or app downloads therefore, but could limit bills for those who struggle with monthly charges. And if you don't use your phone for a day, you won't be charged.
That way your bill - unless you want more data - will never exceed £31 a month. You can, of course, still receive calls for free even when you aren't spending money.
PAYG1 will be launching in early November in the UK. You should contact your local Vodafone shop for more details.
FIA European Rallycross Super1600 Championship contender Ulrik Linnemann announced on Friday that they have purchased an ex-Marklund Motorsport VW Polo Supercar for the 2018 FIA European Rallycross Championship for Supercars
Linnemann, who has competed in the Super1600 class of Euro RX for the last few seasons, will now move up to race in the 2018 FIA European Rallycross Championship for Supercars. This means that the Danish driver will now finally achieve the goal they set for themselves three years ago.
Linnemann revealed the car at the 2018 Danish Motorshow, which confirms that this is the third ex-Marklund Motorsport VW Polo Supercar to be sold ahead of the new Euro RX season. Multiple Belgian Rallycross Champion Jochen Coox and FIA European Rallycross Touring Car Championship competitor Kjetil Larsen have also revealed that they have purchased cars from the team as well.
Linnemann spoke to Belgian rallycross website RXinside.be briefly on Friday where they revealed how happy they were to finally make the move to Supercars.
“This is really a dream come true! We worked really hard last winter and it feels really good to finally start the supercars! ”
During their time in the Super1600 class of Euro RX, the Danish driver has campaigned a Peugeot 208 S1600 as part of their Linnemann Motorsport squad and in 2017 they were partnered by Daniel Nielsen in a second Peugeot. Linnemann ended the year fifth overall in the standings, forty four points behind champion Krisztian Szabo in their Skoda Fabia.
However the Danish driver has made an appearance in the 2016 FIA European Rallycross Championship for Supercars. There they were entered under the Linnemann Motorsport banner driving a Pailler Competition Peugeot 208 Supercar, where they finished in twenty third overall due to mechanical issues.
The 2018 FIA European Rallycross Championship for Supercars gets underway at the Barcelona Grand Prix circuit in Spain on April 14 – 16.
© REUTERS/ Carlos Barria Majority of US Citizens Think Trump No Longer Lives Up to Promises - Poll
It's official, at least as far as the Rasmussen poll is concerned: the American nation has split exactly in half.
Rasmussen Reports' numbers show that Trump's approval rating has climbed up to 50 percent. Another poll, by Gallup, reflects that 45 percent of respondents believe Trump has lived up to their campaign promises.
But this middle-of-the-road status creates room for number manipulations of all kinds. For example, according to some reports, Trump currently suffers from the lowest approval rating of any of their predecessors in the Oval Office for the same term of nearly 100 days. But looking at Trump's ratings in detail, in comparison to those of their predecessors, a somewhat different story emerges. According to data provided by The American Presidency Project, the times when the US president enjoyed overwhelming approval are long gone. John F. Kennedy, who assumed the presidency in 1961, and their predecessor Dwight Eisenhower (1953-61), were the last to enjoy support above 70% in their first 100 days (83% and 73%, respectively).
Since then, a mild approval of 55 to 65 percent has become the norm, with Bill Clinton hitting the lowest margin of 55 percent after their first 100 days. In fact, Clinton, Barack Obama and Jimmy Carter all saw a 3-percent drop in their inaugural approval ratings 100 days in.
Considering Trump's initial approval was only 45 percent — he's been the only US President elected in the last 60 years to have a rating below the 50 percent threshold on inauguration day — if they manage to meet their 100-day mark with a rating of 50 percent, Trump will have all rights to pat themselves on the back for staying in line with both Bushes and Dwight Eisenhower, with their 5-percent gain, and even outrunning Richard Nixon, who only managed to win 3 percent of voters' hearts and minds in their first 100 days.
Trump was eager to retweet Rasmussen's poll figures on Monday.
​He still has a long way to go to outrun Ronald Reagan, with their huge approval gain of 17 percent — from 51 to 68 percent approval — in their first 100 days.
In 1981, the New York Times published a lengthy review of the Gipper's first 100 days, calling them a "president determined to change the tides of history," and asking whether they had the strength to carry out the changes they ran upon.
Clearly, Trump is in a different position today, and has a host of internal political issues on their plate. But the same question, of whether they have what they take to make good on their campaign promises, remains very much the same.
Republican lawmakers are sticking to their globalist free trade agenda and opposing President Trump's “America First” tariffs despite the popularity the tariffs have with GOP voters and conservatives.
Trump, most recently, has put protective tariffs on imported goods and materials such as steel, aluminum, washing machines, Canadian lumber, electronics from China, and solar panels in an effort to boost American industries and protect American workers' jobs.
In the latest Harvard/Harris Poll, 83 percent of Republican voters say they support tariffs on imported products like automobiles and electronics. Additionally, 81 percent of conservatives said they too supported tariffs, along with 61 percent of Americans living in rural communities.
Lawmakers in the Republican Party, though, have continued their fight against Trump's tariffs despite their constituents supporting the fair trade initiative.
In interviews with Politico, a number of Republican Senators said they wanted to not only oppose Trump's tariffs, but that they were looking to plot a plan on how to fight the populist president's trade agenda.
The Senators told Politico:
“I'd like to kill 'em,” groused Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), a close Trump ally, referring to the administration's expanding list of tariffs. … “Individual senators have met with the president, including me. The Ag committee met with him, the Finance Committee met with him. And there's nobody for this,” said Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), the Agriculture Committee chairperson. Trump is “a protectionist who has their policy wrapped around the rear axle of a pickup. And it's hard to get out.”
The Republican Senators are continuing to align themselves with their big business donors in the Chamber of Commerce with their promotion of globalist trade negotiations.
Chamber of Commerce Vows to Fight Trump's Popular Tariffshttps://t.co/GLxNzRaee3 — John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) July 3, 2018
Even when GOP voters and conservatives are told that Trump's tariffs may lead to higher consumer prices, the vast majority continue to support the fair trade agenda. Nearly 75 percent of Republicans said they'd still support the tariffs amid higher prices, and 70 percent of conservatives said the same.
For decades, the Republican Party and Democrats have been largely aligned on promoting job-killing multinational free trade deals like NAFTA and KORUS, both of which aided in opening up overseas markets for multinational companies to outsource their American manufacturing jobs to countries like Mexico, leaving millions of Americans laid off in the process.
If Trump had not immediately stopped the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) free trade agreement when they took office, economists estimated that not only would the elimination of millions of American jobs have occurred, but U.S. wages would have been further depleted.
American workers have repeatedly praised Trump's tariffs and thanked them personally for ending the promotion of multinational free trade by the U.S.
Jane Fonda used their 80th birthday celebrations to raise $1.3 million for charity.
The 'Barbarella' star - who reaches the milestone age on 21 December - was the guest of honor at an intimate fundraiser staged in Atlanta on Saturday (12.09.17) by the Georgia Campaign for Adolescent Power and Potential (GCAPP), an organization founded by the actor in 1995 to help prevent teenage pregnancy and provide sexual health education.
Asked what the evening meant to them and the organization, Jane told People magazine: "[I am] very proud of what we have accomplished over the years.
"It is a very challenging time for [GCAPP] because government funding for teen pregnancy prevention has been cut.
"In spite of what's happening, we will make changes. It's going to be a challenge. But we have to remain robust."
The 'Eight Decades of Jane' event at The Whitley kicked off with a cocktail reception and a speech from the guest of honour, who reflected on their life and admitted they "never imagined living this long".
Some of their friends then paid tribute to her, and video messages from the likes of Ludacris, Oprah Winfrey - who revealed they had donated $100,000 to GCAPP - Kerry Washington and Dolly Parton were played.
Guests including Rosanna Arquette, Jane's ex-husband Ted Turner, Catherine Keener, James Taylor and Carole King, then tucked into an eight-course meal from chef Alice Waters before a live auction took place, featuring items including lunch with Jane and their 'Grace & Frankie' co-star Lily Tomlin and a visit to the set of the show, as well as dinner at the 'Monster-in-Law' actor' new Los Angeles home.
Singers James and Carole then performed for the attendees with hits including 'You've Got a Friend', 'Carolina In My Mind' and 'So Far Away' before singing 'Happy Birthday' to Jane and helping them blow out the candles on their birthday cake.
The Highland Bakery multi-layered red velvet sponge featured regal birds and a woman holding a lotus flower.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Senate leaders have delayed indefinitely the confirmation hearing for President Donald Trump's pick to be Veterans Affairs secretary because of what they say are "serious allegations" made against the White House doctor and Navy rear admiral.
The hearing for Ronny Jackson had been set for Wednesday at the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee.
"We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation," said the chairperson, Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., and the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Jon Tester of Montana. "We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."
Allegations began surfacing late last week involving Jackson's workplace practices, including claims of inappropriate behavior and over-prescribing prescription drugs, according to two aides granted anonymity to discuss the situation.
Isakson told fellow GOP senators over the weekend about the allegations prompting those on the panel to give their support for delaying the hearing, one senator said.
"Chairman Isakson had a phone conversation with a lot of us around the committee over the weekend, indicated that there had been some unsubstantiated allegations made, and they want to do it right," said Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D. on Fox News @ Night With Shannon Bream.
"We told them that if they wanted to delay the meeting, that was fine with us. We most certainly want to get all the facts out," they said.
Democrats on the committee assembled privately late Monday. Tester reiterated to the other senators that the allegations were out there, one aide said. But no specific evidence of wrongdoing was offered.
White House and VA officials were quietly discussing a delay with key allies outside the administration, even as White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley on Tuesday praised Jackson's nomination.
"Admiral Jackson has been on the front lines of deadly combat and saved the lives of many others in service to this country. He's served as the physician to three Presidents_Republican and Democrat_and been praised by them all," they said. "Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve."
Trump selected Jackson to head the VA last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency. But Jackson, who has worked as a White House physician since 2006, has faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers as well as veterans groups about whether they have the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
Late Monday, Jackson was still pursuing support, and held a late-afternoon conference call with veterans groups from West Virginia and the state's Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin, a member of the committee, whose vote could be vital for support.
Rounds said Jackson's small staff at the White House will be an issue as they prepare to lead the VA.
"We've got 360,000 people there," they said. "Are they going to manage the secretary or is the secretary going to manage the VA? That's a good question to ask, and they need to answer it. They need to be the leader. A lot of folks want to be led and managed."
Rounds said the committee still needs more paperwork from the White House on Jackson before the nomination can go forward.
___
AP Congressional Correspondent Lisa Mascaro and Associated Press writer Matthew Daly contributed to this report.
Stu Bykofsky has been a columnist with the Daily News since 1987. They have been features editor, theater critic, TV critic, and gossip columnist. They support animal causes, civil rights, and fair play, and opposes political correctness, bicycles on the sidewalk, and most other forms of selfishness and stupidity.
In a conversation four years ago, Michele Lawrence's father suggested they run for Congress.
“Dad, that is never going to happen,” they told them dad, Thelmon Newman, who was then an English professor at Passaic County Community College in Paterson, N.J.
They recall them shaking their head and saying, “No, the country needs people who care about people and who can create policies to help them.”
It was no sale then; they were area president and senior vice president for Wells Fargo's Greater Philadelphia region. But now she's retired from the bank, and this is a year of political upheaval caused by redistricting, so they are running in the newly redrawn Second District. If elected, the Democrat would be the first African American woman from Pennsylvania to be sent to Congress.
It would be historic, but in my conversations with her, the 49-year-old Lawrence mercifully plays neither the race nor the gender card, although they have felt the sting of both racism and sexism. “I'm not doing it to be the first, I'm doing it to serve, but what a privilege it would be to be the first,” says Lawrence, who is divorced with an adult son who works for a nonprofit.
After closing the books on a successful, 28-year banking career, she's in business for themselves — Michele Speaks LLC, which teaches people to bootstrap themselves by utilizing “four Ws” — worth, wealth, wisdom, and wellness. They use their life experience as a template — rising from a childhood in a housing project to the corner office of a banking executive.
When they decided to heed Dad's advice, they were set to challenge Bob Brady for the First District seat they held for 20 years. Then a couple of things happened: Brady decided they would not run for re-election, and after a court challenge, the congressional district map was redrawn and — poof — the First District moved to Bucks County.
A Fishtown resident, Lawrence found themselves in the Second District, which has been represented by Dwight Evans, who now lives in the new Third District. Running in the Second is Democrat Brendan Boyle, who had been the member of congress in the 13th District. Boyle is facing possible challenges by some well-known names. One is Pennsylvania Lt. Gov. Mike Stack, a former state senator from a powerhouse family in the Northeast, and another is Bill Green from the once-powerful family that churned out members of congress and a mayor (Bill Green's father). Candidates must file nominating petitions by 5 p.m. Tuesday. [Bill Green dropped out Monday after deadline.]
The dynastic feuding has sucked most of the oxygen out of the room as the media, understandably, focused on the old-fashioned Irish donnybrook.
Unlike Boyle, Stack, and Green, Lawrence was not born here. A native of Newark, N.J., they came to Philly in 2003 for a job as district manager with Wachovia Bank. (There's another outsider, African American candidate, Casey McLeod.)
Though under-publicized and under-funded, Lawrence does have a narrow path to victory. “If there are three white men, that's a good position for her,” says longtime political observer Larry Ceisler, “but they need more than a name on the ballot.” They need funding to let people know, they say.
Money for their campaign is coming mostly from individuals. They have a core of about 100 volunteers, drawn from people they have met over the years. She's running for them.
The biggest plank in their platform is education. They want Congress to increase the 6 percent of the federal budget spent on education. Them father is an educator, she's a Rutgers alum, and the former banker bemoans that a college loan can cost more than a home mortgage.
“The district sent up a distress call, and I am answering,” says Lawrence, who became a licensed minister in 2016. “There's something about being called to public service that best describes what I want to be. I'm running because I have leadership skills, business acumen. and because I am good at getting at root causes.”
Moral: Always listen to what Dad says.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez
CHICO, Calif. (AP) — At churches, fairgrounds and other makeshift shelters, thousands of Californians packed what belongings they had into garbage bags and suitcases to return home Tuesday, two days after they were told to flee the threat of massive flooding from a dam's damaged spillway.
They expressed relief as authorities lifted an evacuation order for nearly 200,000 residents who live below the nation's tallest dam. Some voiced frustration at how authorities handled the disaster that never happened. Most were just happy to be heading home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, 69, one of hundreds who had sought shelter at the Neighborhood Church of Chico, northwest of their town.
Johnston and others huddled around televisions to watch a live broadcast where Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said the risk of the spillway collapsing was significantly reduced. But they said the region would remain under an evacuation warning, meaning residents needed to be ready to flee again if conditions worsen.
“It was just frustrating. Very frustrating,” Johnston said about the back-and-forth from officials and the mad rush to get out of Oroville after the evacuation order Sunday.
They fled with their two sons, packing a few blankets, pillows and clothes into a black garbage bag.
“It feels great to be going home,” Johnston said.
State water officials said they had drained enough of the lake behind Oroville Dam so that its earthen emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from an approaching storm.
“It's great, all of us can finally go home,” said Pedro Mota of Gridley, who has been staying at a Red Cross shelter at a fairground in Chico with their wife and four young children. They aren't concerned by the on-again, off-again evacuation.
“They're doing their job. They're going to know more than me,” they said by telephone. “I'm just going to listen to them and follow their advice on it.”
Mota said they would be prepared if the sirens sound again.
“I'm still going to play it by ear, head back home but still have things packed and ready to go just in case they make it mandatory,” they said.
Rod Remocal and their wife, Kelly, were taking the same cautious approach.
“This time we're going to be on call like they said,” said Remocal, who lives in Biggs, west of Oroville.
When the couple left in a rush Sunday night, they grabbed their four dogs, blankets and a few important papers as sirens sounded and a fire truck's loud speaker told them to flee immediately.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” they said by telephone after leaving the Red Cross shelter earlier in the day.
On their drive back, Remocal noticed law enforcement stationed at every major intersection as officers prepared to guide the expected parade of vehicles back home. They said traffic was flowing smoothly, in sharp contrast with the chaotic mass flight of thousands of vehicles two days earlier.
They praised the Red Cross and other emergency workers and said they were happy when the evacuation order ended.
“It just took a big load off me, man, just the thrill of relief,” they said.
—
Thompson reported from Sacramento. Associated Press writer Jocelyn Gecker contributed from San Francisco.
Comments
comments
LEXINGTON, S.C. — Authorities in South Carolina say four people were found dead in a home in what appears to be a murder-suicide.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher said in a news release that the dead — a man, a woman and their two children — were found Sunday around 8 p.m. Fisher says it's believed all four died of gunshot wounds.
In a tweet, the Lexington County Sheriff's Department said the deaths appear to be a murder-suicide and the investigation is ongoing.
Fisher identified the dead as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of their children, four-year-old Elijah Chavez and one-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
Fisher says an older child of Reynoso wasn't at the home at the time.
MELBOURNE, Australia — Australia cricket captain Steve Smith will return home from the team's tour of India with a right shoulder injury, Cricket Australia said Saturday.
The Australians lost their five-match one-day series against India 4-1 and begin a three-match Twenty20 series later Saturday.
Marcus Stoinis will replace Smith in the squad and vice-captain David Warner will stand in as captain in Smith's absence.
Australian team doctor Richard Saw said: "Smith landed awkwardly on their right shoulder while diving in the field during the fifth ODI against India last Sunday. Following the match they complained of shoulder soreness.
DAYTONA, Fla. — Shawntrez Davis scored 22 points with 14 rebounds and Soufiyane Diakite added a double-double and Bethune-Cookman beat Coppin State 80-60 on Saturday.
Diakite scored 10 points and grabbed 15 boards, and with the Wildcats up 17-11, their dunk 12:40 before intermission started a 13-5 run that included a pair of 3-pointers by Armani Collins and another from Houston Smith for a 14-point lead three minutes later. Coppin State responded with a 14-3 run to reduce its deficit to 36-31, but the Wildcats got a pair of 3s from Isaiah Bailey and Davis to close the half with a 42-31 lead.
Keandre Fair's jumper after intermission marked the last time the Eagles got within double figures. Bailey scored eight straight with a pair of 3s and two free throws, Collins followed with a 3 and Bailey's dunk with 12:42 left made the margin 60-38.
Davis also scored 22 points and Bethune-Cookman (12-11, 6-2 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) made 14 of 29 from 3-point range and had a 42-26 rebounding advantage. Collins scored 12.
WASHINGTON – Congress's last chance to tell Americans — in a bipartisan way — about Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 election rests with 15 senators who meet twice a week behind closed doors.
The Senate Intelligence Committee has become a rare symbol of unity on the divisive issue of Russia's role in the presidential race — quite a feat for a panel with members ranging from conservative Trump ally Tom Cotton, R-Ark., to liberal Trump critic Kamala Harris, D-Calif.
While bitter partisan fighting ripped apart the House Intelligence Committee and ended its Russia investigation in March with no agreement between Republicans and Democrats, the Senate panel managed to stay united.
Senators said they hope their final report on the Russia investigation — likely to come out by early fall — will present Americans with a bipartisan set of agreed-upon facts about how and why the Russians meddled in the election and whether Donald Trump's campaign colluded with the Kremlin.
"There is a general understanding on our committee that this is a very big, very important national security issue and that it will be helpful to the country if we can be united and try to bring down the drama and the noise," said Sen. James Lankford, R-Okla.
Sen. Susan Collins, a moderate Republican from Maine, credited Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Vice Chairman Mark Warner, D-Va., with unifying the committee by keeping a promise they made to one another 14 months ago.
"From the very beginning, Sen. Burr and Sen. Warner promised they would not surprise each other — that they would discuss everything together," they said. "That doesn't mean they don't have vigorous disagreements, but they are able to work them out."
That cohesion was underscored this month, when Burr and Warner announced that they agreed with U.S. intelligence agencies' assessment that the Russian government tried to help Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton. The conclusion stands in stark contrast to the House Intelligence Committee, where the Republican majority said there was not enough evidence to show the Russians tried to boost Trump.
"From the outset, Richard Burr and I decided we were going to follow the facts and go wherever the facts take us," Warner said. "We want this investigation to stand the test of time."
The trust forged by Burr and Warner spread among the other senators, who spent long hours together in closed session, Collins said.
"There's no grandstanding in closed session, so we can really talk things out," they said. "We've developed a bond."
Though leadership plays a big role in the senators' ability to work together, the committee also has some built-in advantages over the House panel, said Gary Schmitt, a national security expert at the American Enterprise Institute, a non-partisan think tank.
Schmitt, who served as the Senate committee's Democratic director in the early 1980s, said the Senate panel was set up to give the minority party greater power than in a traditional committee.
The senior minority member is given the title of vice chairperson, a sign of greater respect and parity than typically afforded a minority leader, Schmitt said. Senators of both parties each have a staff member assigned to them instead of having to rely solely on aides hired by committee leaders, they said.
"That doesn't mean the Senate committee can't get into partisan squabbles," said Schmitt, who served as an intelligence adviser to the Reagan White House. "It still depends a great deal on whom the chairperson and vice chairperson are."
Sen. Angus King of Maine, an independent who usually votes with Democrats, said Burr protected the committee from pressure by the White House to steer the investigation in President Trump's favor.
Burr has refused to attend White House events while the investigation continues. When Trump called them last fall to urge a quick end to the inquiry, Burr said they told the president the investigation wouldn't conclude until every relevant witness had been interviewed.
King said that's especially impressive because Burr served as a national security adviser to Trump's campaign, sparking initial fears by some Democrats that the chairperson could not be impartial.
"He was not an anti-Trumper, but they have made it clear that they were going to follow the facts where they lead," King said. "I give Richard a huge amount of credit for not being partisan."
In contrast, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., who served on Trump's presidential transition team, is viewed by Democrats as a fierce Trump loyalist. Democrats charged that Nunes' main goal has been to protect the president and undermine the Russia investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller on behalf of the Justice Department.
Nunes alienated Democrats early in the investigation by going on a secret trip to the White House, where they said they viewed evidence to support Trump's assertion that they were wiretapped by the Obama administration.
Warner said they and Burr had to resist pressure from senators in their own parties to draw premature conclusions about whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Kremlin.
"There's pressure on Sen. Burr to wrap things up and say there's nothing there, and some of my folks want us to say there's absolute guilt," Warner said.
The issue of collusion will be the final — and most difficult — chapter of the committee's report. Senators have released their findings and recommendations on how to secure election systems from foreign hackers. The joint release from Burr and Warner on Russia's intent to help Trump gave a clear preview of the second chapter.
Warner said the committee will next release chapters on how the Obama administration handled Russia's interference in 2016 and how the Russians exploited social media to sow discord among American voters. The committee will end with its findings on whether there is evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians.
Republicans on the House panel concluded that the Trump campaign used "poor judgment" in some of its dealings with the Russians but did not collude with them to win the election. The committee's Democrats, in a separate report, said Republicans ignored evidence of collusion because they wanted to protect Trump.
"It is my hope that at the end of it, we are looking at the same set of facts," Lankford said about the Senate's investigation. "All of the information will never come out, because it's classified. But as much as we can declassify, we will. We want to allow the American people to come to their own conclusions."
Only a bipartisan report will have credibility, Collins said.
"I realize the House has had great difficulty, but when the public sees two entirely different reports, they don't know what to think," they said. "I feel strongly that our committee should be together."
Burr, who has tried to maintain a low profile during the investigation and declined to be interviewed for this story, proudly described the Senate panel this month as "one of the last bipartisan committees on the Hill."
"It should be," they said May 17 during a speech on the Senate floor. "It is because we are entrusted with seeing things and hearing things that nobody else can. ... We take that very seriously."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
"Clearly, the wisest decision Turkey can make right now entails engaging in a dialogue with Assad, withdrawing its forces from northern Syria and ceding control over this region to the government forces," they said.
© Sputnik/ Dmitriy Vinogradov Russian Jets Strike Daesh Positions Near al-Bab to Support Turkish Troops
Turkey launched Operation Euphrates Shield on 24 August to push Daesh out of cities and settlements located on Syria's border with Turkey. The military intervention has also been aimed at preventing the Kurdish forces from moving further west and taking the border region under control.
Professor Ilhan Uzgel, a political scientist and expert in foreign relations at Ankara University, maintained that Turkish leadership was long pursuing an unsound strategy aimed at overthrowing Assad. This approach has had an adverse effect on Turkey, afflicted by economic troubles and political uncertainty.
"Turkey has been swept by the wave of terrorism and violence, an outcome of Turkey's foreign policy mistakes in the Middle east, particularly Syria," the analyst said.
Turkish leadership was long convinced that it could remove Assad and alter the balance of power in the Middle East since Ankara wanted to offset "the loss of Egypt," they explained.
"The West gradually understood that this strategy was a dead end. Russia has been against this since the beginning. However, Turkey thought that it could carry this plan out with the help of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. It overstated the influence and importance of some local opposition forces, including the Free Syrian Army and the Syrian National Council. Ankara could not or did not want to see the limits of its power," they said.
Professor Ilhan Uzgel insisted that Turkey could safely abandon its policy on Syria in 2013.
"It would have been good if Turkey understood that this strategy would lead it nowhere. In this case Turkey could have become a positive force – not a force intent on destroying the Assad government, but a country engaged in dialogue with all stakeholders, a country capable of promoting relations will the United States, Russia, Iran and the Assad administration if need be," they said.
However, until recently Turkey adhered to its initial policy aimed at changing the regime in Syria.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
researchFOLKS' '‘Mexico Cards and Payments Market Analysis” report offers a distinct range of possibilities in the market of payment cards along with the accurately validated statistics of operational cards in the market and their total transactional values. It suggests profitable marketing strategies considering the competitive landscape in the market, purchase trends, payments options in online trade and significant government frameworks impacting the overall payment cards market of Mexico.
Our report kindles the hidden opportunities with dependable information about different types of card transactions, volumes of cardholders, market proportion, current accounts, increase within the number of cards, credit cards outstanding balances, transactional values, details of the issuers at the side of available banking schemes and futuristic analysis of overall cards and payment marketplace in Mexico.
Highlights of the report:
The country's treaty with UN's Better Than Cash Alliance has resulted in the growth of electronic payments across the nation with the use of mobile phones for digital payments and reduced use of cash transactions.
Alternative payments like Banamex Wallet, introduced by Banamex in collaboration with MasterCard allows Android users to add their MasterCard details to the wallet and pay for transactions, and BBVA mobile Wallet Bancomer allows NFC payments at contactless payments accepted merchant locations.
Browse For Full Report @ https://www.researchfolks.com/public/Mexico-Cards-and-Payments-Market/1998853
Transactions are becoming more secure with the adoption of innovative technologies like scanning of fingerprint or a selfie to authenticate the user while using the Identity Check Mobile Solution of MasterCard. Another such significant implementation is the OT Motion Code technology that changes CVV value at regular intervals developed by Mexican payment processing services provider Promocion y Operacin SA (PROSA) and Oberthur Technologies.
List of companies mentioned in the report:
BBVA Bancomer
Banco Santander (México) S.A.
BanCoppel S.A.
Citibanamex
Banorte
Nacional Financiera
HSBC Mexico, S.A.
Visa
Mastercard
American Express
Scope of the report:
The functioning of Mexico's cards and payments market and complete analysis of the market drivers
It provides conventional and contemporary information about payment cards of Mexico and market predictions till 2022
It details the emerging payment solutions and their economic, regional and business impact on the cards and payments industry of Mexico
Detailed information about existing market leaders, their strategies and government policies driving the payment cards market
About Us:
researchFOLKS is one of the fast-growing market research firms which offers a range of company and industry intelligence reports. Our reports are produced in presentation format with actionable insights that quickens your decision making. With an experienced team of Analysts, we offer on-demand research solutions that are perfect for businesses who are looking to get a totally different perspective and reports meeting their customized needs.
Contact Info:
Name: Mr. Sai
Email: p.sai@researchfolks.com
Organization: researchfolks
Address: 4451 Breezy Bay Circle,Henrico, United States,VA 23233
Phone: +1 (540) 313-6329
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A judge in Philadelphia denied Meek Mill's request to remove another judge from the rapper's case on Wednesday, saying they don't have jurisdiction over the matter.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill's lawyers that only the state Supreme Court can decide the matter.
"We have a judge that wears the same robe that I wear, that has not recused themselves and has not disqualified herself," Tucker said. "I don't have the jurisdiction to do that. It's as simple as that."
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley off their case, alleging she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending them to prison for the probation violations. They have strongly defended them impartiality.
Their lawyers said after the hearing they would file a motion with the state high court
"Judge Tucker thoughtfully considered our application to reassign this case," said one of Mills' attorneys, Joe Tacopina. "While they ultimately ruled that they did not believe they had the authority to do so, we respectfully disagree and will immediately ask the Pennsylvania Supreme Court to reassign the case."
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court last month ordered Mill's release from prison where they were serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Prosecutors have said they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
___
This story has been corrected to show the judge didn't address retrial, only removal of other judge.
On this week's podcast, we look at Rick Rubio's shaky start, discuss some way too hot Donovan Mitchell comparisons, and explain why Thabo Sefolosha has already made at least one fan in Utah.
Michael Cohen arrives to court in New York, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Lawyers for President Donald Trump and Cohen, their personal attorney, appear again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about attorney client privilege and records seized from Cohen by the FBI. Among the issues to be discussed: Whether Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for porn actor, Stormy Daniels, will get a formal role in the case. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)
Michael Cohen arrives to court in New York, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Lawyers for President Donald Trump and Cohen, their personal attorney, appear again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about attorney client privilege and records seized from Cohen by the FBI. Among the issues to be discussed: Whether Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for porn actor, Stormy Daniels, will get a formal role in the case. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)
NEW YORK (AP) - A New York judge set a June 15 deadline Wednesday for lawyers for President Donald Trump's personal lawyer and Trump to make attorney-client privilege claims over data seized in April raids, saying it was important not to delay the criminal investigation.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood said a special taint team of prosecutors will make determinations after that date.
Wood presided over a hearing at which a prosecutor revealed that the contents of a shredder and two Blackberry devices were all that remained to be turned over to a court-appointed special master screening evidence for attorney-client privilege. Also reviewing the materials are lawyers for Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, the president and the Trump Organization.
Cohen's lawyers asked to be allowed to review materials from the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and home until mid-July, but Wood said they had to balance their needs to protect their client with the need of prosecutors to pursue their criminal fraud case against Cohen.
Cohen did not speak during the court proceeding, which lasted more than an hour and featured a colorful argument between lawyers for Cohen and Trump on one side and California attorney Michael Avenatti on the other as they discussed Avenatti's public statements on behalf of their porn-star client, Stormy Daniels.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said they had sex once with Trump in 2006. Trump denies it. Daniels was not in court Wednesday.
Stephen Ryan, an attorney for Cohen, argued that Avenatti had acted outrageously by releasing banking information related to Cohen publicly and by criticizing Cohen in dozens of television appearances.
Wood noted that Avenatti would have to stop making comments about their perception of what they believed was wrongdoing by Cohen if they wanted to formally intervene in Cohen's efforts to protect materials seized from violations of attorney-client privilege.
Cohen's lawyers said they had finished studying about a third of the materials that were seized and were working around the clock.
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to the privilege. They said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Jones said more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors, and more than 12,000 pages of documents from eight boxes that survived attorney-client privilege scrutiny already have been given back to prosecutors. More than a dozen electronic devices were seized or copied in the raids, and Jones said they have not yet received data from three seized items.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that they feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected. Trump also expressed those concerns on Twitter.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said they had sex once with Trump in 2006. Trump denies the affair.
A pair of Bronx siblings are spreading positivity with their own line of inspirational socks.
Scroll for more content...
It's far more than a fashion statement. 12-year-old Raechel and 15-year-old Michael Chang are making it their business to let people know that they're loved.
The brother and sister have designed a line of socks with uplifting messages and colorful designs.
"We came up with the idea of socks because that's something everyone wears and it's worldwide and it's number one most requested in homeless shelters," Raechel said.
The company is called Greeting Card Socks, and was launched in February. The pairs are made by a manufacturer and priced between six and ten dollars.
Rachael and Michael sell them online or in person at events.
"We have an acronym, GCS, Greeting Card Socks, but also stands for Giving, Caring, Success," Matthew said.
For every purchase, the teens will donate a pair of socks and a greeting card to someone in need. So far, around 200 pairs of socks have been sold and thus another 200 donated.
Enter their home and you'll see where the inspiration comes from.
"We've received help over the years and we think it's important to help where we can," mom Ava says. "We have socks in the trunk, side of car door, in the console, everywhere because people love to receive them. Sometimes they're having a bad day and we'll just be passing and we'll just hand them a sock."
Raechel says the eventual goal is to spread the company beyond their Wakefield community.
Developers working hard on the Kdenlive open-source video editor are preparing to unveil their significantly refactored code-base in the upcoming KDE Applications 18.08 release. But for helping weed out the bugs, you can now test an AppImage for this big release that is nearly two years in the making.The new Kdenlive video editor now automatically separates clips having both video and audio tracks, reliable slow motion video support, timeline improvements, insert/life/overwrite should now be working reliably, KDE Purpose library support, support for generating lower-resolution video in the timeline preview for faster rendering, better keyboard layout changing support, and various other enhancements.The Kdenlive video editor is still working on better compatibility with older project files, the curves effect being broken, composition settings not updating on resizing, and performance issues.For making it easy to test out the significantly reworked Kdenlive video editor ahead of its debut in August's KDE Applications 18.08, there is now an AppImage of the program Additional information pertaining to the many changes to Kdenlive can be found via today's announcement at Kdenlive.org
Nicholas Koh, 79, died Nov. 22, 2017.  They are survived by their wife, Chenda Chhay; daughter, Huoy Lin Mao; and son, Leang Heng Mao. Their funeral was held Dec. 2 at Mt. Olive Lutheran Church in Como Park, with interment at Roselawn Cemetery
DVDS OUT TUESDAY NEW FILMS Split Sleepless The Founder Before The Flood Bigger Fatter Liar Killjoys: Season Two Punching Henry Teen Titans: Judas Contract The Duelist The Watcher
There is little of note on DVD this week. James McAvoy gives an all-out performance in M. Night Shyamalan's “Split.” It is another preposterous horror premise by the director. This one is about a man (McAvoy) with 24 personalities, but credit the filmmaker with enough invention to keep you guessing throughout the movie.
Kevin, their real name, though, they go by others, has kidnapped three young women, classmates. One is named Casey (Anya Taylor-Joy), who has suffered childhood trauma and is something of a loner and the calmest. They have some skills. The others, Claire (Haley Lu Richardson) and Marcia (Jessica Sula), are on a roller-coaster ride, panic one moment, ready to fight the next.
Meanwhile, Barry is seeing a therapist (Betty Buckley), which helps give some perspective to the events in the stone basement where the women are confined. Shyamalan's final twist may seem a bit glib, but at least they aren't boring in getting there.
‘The Founder'
Michael Keaton gives an all-out performance in “The Founder,” a biopic about Ray Kroc, the man who created the McDonald's' juggernaut. Kroc built their fortune by taking over the brothers Mac and Dick McDonald's busy burger joint in San Bernardino and turning it into a franchise. The John Lee Hancock film tells an interesting story — how the clever business innovations of the McDonald's made a fortune for Kroc while they were forgotten. But there is nothing compelling about dramatizing it. A documentary would have been enough.
‘The Handmaid's Tale'
With Hulu about to launch a new series based on Margaret Atwood's dystopian novel “The Handmaid's Tale,” a restored version of the 1990 movie version is getting released.
It starred the late Natasha Richardson as a woman named Kate who loses their husband and daughter at the beginning of the story. Set in the future after an ecological disaster, Kate is then relegated to being a Handmaiden in Gilead, the renamed United States, which has become a male-controlled police state.
All females wear color-coded dresses to symbolize their roles, and Handmaidens (in red) are valued most because they are the few fertile women left.
German director's Volker Schlondorff's visually arresting adaptation has a number of admirable qualities — a tense screenplay by Harold Pinter and an unnerving score by Ryuichi Sakamoto. It also boasts a distinguished cast, including Robert Duvall and Faye Dunaway.
But in order to bring Atwood's dark story to the screen, some compromises were made, least of which is the main character's name being changed to Kate from Offred. The main problem is the altered ending, which undercuts the story. The upcoming Hulu series will take a different approach, using the novel as a jumping-off point.
We are in the middle of springtime, and with this season of regeneration and rejuvenation comes home repair. I'm not sure why this is—maybe it burbles up from the same DNA well as spring cleaning—but when we see that first robin, we strap on the tool belts, drag out the stepladders and become carpenters raising high the roof beams, to borrow from J.D. Salinger.
My dad was an academic (with the emphasis on academic): inside their own head and content to be there. In their view, a house took care of itself, except for paint every seven years, and they saw no need in going beyond the basics in tool acquisition. If a tool couldn't be found in the supermarket hardware aisle, the Grangers didn't need it.
We did have tools. We kept them in a kitchen drawer. We had a hammer, a flathead screwdriver and a Phillips screwdriver (bought grudgingly by my dad after I explained that most of the world's screws have Phillips heads). There was a pair of pliers and a coping saw with no handle. I didn't even know coping saws had handles until I took shop in high school. There was a wood plane with no blade in it. Dad, who had never actually used a plane himself, insisted that “a little elbow grease” would eliminate the need for a blade. Add two jars of miscellaneous nails and screws and orphan nuts and bolts, and a handsaw consigned to the basement, and you have the sum of tools in the Granger house. Seriously.
Combine my father's natural acquisitional reticence with a professor's modest income and it's clear why getting a new tool in the Granger house was as rare as the Air Force getting a new bomber. Our process for tool acquisition was, in equal parts, diplomatic maneuvering and Spanish Inquisition:
“We've already got a drill. What do you need a drill bit for?”
“You wanted me to put up the water cooler baffle, and if I don't drill pilot holes, it'll split the wood.”
“Hmpf. Well, what size bit do you need?”
“I don't know. You usually buy them in sets—”
“Sets?! We're not going to get a bunch of drill bits we'll never use! We'll get an 1/8-inch bit. If the hole needs to be bigger, take a screwdriver shaft and ream it out a little. I think there's a screwdriver in the tool drawer. And let me know how this goes. I want to make sure I'm not throwing away money.”
This is neither a tale of parental abuse nor of paternal deficiency. Dad would have had the same conversation with Gustave Eiffel.
Getting the Phillips screwdriver had felt like winning an unwinnable bar bet. A hand drill had been as exhilarating as successful thesis defense. And, in arguing for an adjustable wrench, I had been Clarence Darrow, mopping the sweat from my brow in Dayton. The trial of the century. I prevailed, finally, by telling them the handlebars fell off my bike every time I turned left. This wasn't strictly true; in fact, it was fake news. What was true was that if the nut that held my handlebars on were to come loose—a nut, which an adjustable wrench could tighten—I could lose my handlebars and have a terrible crash. Thanks primarily to this dissimulation, I won at day's end.
I started buying my own tools in high school, when I started working on my own cars: open-end wrenches, socket wrenches, a full set of screwdrivers with different size heads, a torque wrench. I followed the same rule then as I follow now: If I'm doing a repair myself, the cost of any tool I might need to buy will be less than the cost of having the repair done by someone else. So, I may have only used that gear puller hanging on the garage wall one time, but I'm still ahead of the game, financially, and I've got a gear puller to boot.
To be sure, not everyone is handy, and not everyone is interested in tackling their own repairs, and that's where handymen and -women come in. Our neighborhood is full of old houses—ours was built in 1887—occupied by people who like keeping them in good nick, so we have a generous supply of craftspeople catering to us. And as we home handyfolk age, we pass more and more repair and maintenance on to those more fit (and almost always more qualified). I will never again clean my own gutters, nor will I ever replace an automobile clutch again. And plumbing? That's dead to me.
So, welcome sweet springtime, we greet thee with song. And hammers. And saws. And paint brushes. And ladders. Please be careful.
SAN DIEGO — The legalization of California's marijuana industry and start of Girl Scout cookie sales have created an opportune moment for at least one San Diego girl.
A photo posted on Instagram by Urbn Leaf, a San Diego marijuana dispensary, showed a Girl Scout with an armful of cookies in front of the store.
"Get some Girl Scout Cookies with your GSC today until 4 p.m.! Have a friend that wants to #tagalong? Bring them with - shopping is more fun with friends anyways," the company wrote. "GSC" refers to a marijuana product flavored like Girl Scout Cookies.
The scout's father said their daughter sold more than 300 boxes in about 6 hours.
Girl Scouts San Diego says booth sales do not start for another week, but that scouts are allowed to sell from wagons as long as they have a parent or guardian present.
"So if that's what they say they were doing ... then they were right within the rules," said the Scout's father said.
The controversial move of Girl Scout cookie sales at dispensaries has come with changing times around the country.
Girl Scouts of America Colorado was prompted to issue a statement in 2014 after a scout reportedly sold more than 100 boxes of cookies in two hours outside a San Francisco dispensary.
"If you are wondering, we don't allow our Girl Scouts to sell cookies in front of marijuana shops or liquor stores/bars," the organization's Colorado branch tweeted.
However, Kelly Parisi, chief communications officer from Girl Scouts of the USA, told the LA Times that each region makes "all decisions on how the cookie program is run. As always, our primary concern is the safety and well-being of the girls we serve."
Girl Scouts across the U.S. began selling cookies last month and will continue to until April.
If you‘re looking to save money and fix your finances, a budget is an easy way to reach your goals, says Lisa Rowan, a savings expert at The Penny Hoarder.
Longtime NFL safety James Ihedigbo disclosed their retirement plans Monday on Instagram after they did not play in 2017 when no team picked them up after a suspension for performance-enhancing drugs.
Ihedigbo spent 10 seasons in the NFL with five teams. They were on the Super Bowl-winning team with the Baltimore Ravens in 2012.
"I'm making it official. I'm stepping away from the game I love and have had the honor of playing since I was 6 years old!!," Ihedigbo said in a post. "I truly thank the Lord Jesus Christ for the opportunity, but more than anything, for having their hand on my life every step of the way.
"An Undrafted free agent from Amherst, Massachusetts, to a 10-year career and Super Bowl Champion. ... I swear I need to write a book!!"
Ihedigbo played in 117 career games and 55 starts for the New York Jets, New England Patriots (2011), Ravens (2012-13), Detroit Lions (2014-15) and Buffalo Bills. They were a member of teams that reached the playoff five times and they started in two Super Bowls.
Their best season came in 2015 with the Ravens when they racked up 101 tackles and had three interceptions, two forced fumbles and 11 passes defended.
Ihedigbo's final game was for the Bills in 2016 before an injury ended their season after four games. They called the four-game suspension in 2017 because of the failed drug test for a banned substance an injustice.
"I want to give a special thank you to Mike Westoff, my special teams coach with the New York Jets, who told me in 2007 if I wanted to make the 53-man roster that I better be a terror on special teams, and that's exactly what you developed me to be!!" Ihedigbo said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- Mayor Jenny Durkan says it will take agility to house more than 500 homeless people over the next 90 days.
“We are going to do master leases, repurpose buildings,” Durkan said Wednesday in announcing them initiative.
Them plan will cost roughly $16 million over the next two years to rapidly house homeless people in different ways.
The mayor says the city needs to look into faster ways to make a difference.
The backdrop to their big announcement was the new tiny home village in Whittier Heights.
The city has plans to expand existing shelters and build new ones across Seattle.
That means a number of new low-barrier tiny home villages are in the works, possibly one in the 800 block of Aloha Street in South Lake Union.
The proposal is to build more than 50 tiny homes in a vacant lot next to some businesses, a Courtyard Marriott and apartments.
“We are committed to real engagement,” Durkan said.
The mayor said they want to hear from the public but Seattle residents who say their inputs have been ignored so far showed up asking tough questions.
Seattle resident Erika Nagy questioned the mayor, saying the data they have seen shows that tiny homes are not effective. They brought up Barbara Poppe, a consultant Seattle hired in the past who said tiny homes do not work.
The mayor says the results they have seen shows the opposite, that tiny home villages are a good transition to permanent housing. But concerned residents say the data is not readily available and that Seattle is yet again launching a costly strategy with not enough evidence showing its effectiveness.
Nagy said people living close to the Licton Springs tiny home village, for example, have been overwhelmed with concerns. Nagy said the encampment attracts crime and it's been spilling into neighborhoods.
“The crime is horrendous,” Nagy said.
On Wednesday, Q13 News asked Durkan why numbers and results have been hard to come by and confusing to understand.
“This crisis was of such a proportion, people were so busy doing the work that no one was taking the time, or having the right data, to analyze the work,” Durkan said.
Durkan admitted that it was even hard for them to come across the data they were seeking on homelessness.
They say the city only recently started tracking some of those accountability requirements.
“We are just five months in," Durkan said, alluding to their time as mayor. "Five months in, (for) the first time we have had contracts that require certain accountability and metrics for performance. We are going to look at that on a quarterly basis, we are going to work with the providers."
Providers like the Low Income Housing Institute, run by Sharon Lee.
Q13 News asked Lee why their organization has not been tracking results after contracting with the city for years.
Lee said they have been tracking results and that at one of the encampments they operate, where there are 14 tiny houses, 17 of those people moved into long-term housing last year.
Overall, the mayor said, the city needs to do a better job of being transparent with taxpayers. The city launched a new website hoping to streamline answers and information.
http://www.seattle.gov/homelessness
As for the proposal to open up a homeless camp area in South Lake Union, the mayor said they will weigh what the public has to say before moving forward. Some residents are already pushing back on the idea, saying it appears as though the city has made up its mind before public input.
There is a public meeting on Thursday at 415 Westlake Avenue from 6 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Microsoft announced the .NET Core 2.0 release this morning and it comes with continued Linux support.New on the Linux side of .NET Core 2.0 is that ARM32 (32-bit ARMv7) is now supported by .NET alongside ARM64 and x86_64 Linux. The 32-bit ARM Linux support appears to be aimed primarily at Raspberry Pi users. This .NET Core update also adds support for Debian 9.0 Stretch and SUSE Linux Enterprise 12 SP2.Also making the Linux support better with .NET Core 2.0 is they now treat Linux as a single operating system rather than targeting distributions independently. So far only glibc-based Linux distributions are supported while musl-based OSes like Alpine Linux will see support in the future.General runtime improvements to .NET Core 2.0 include performance improvements, fully implementing the finalized .NET Standard 2.0, and RyuJIT is the new x86 JIT.Those interested in .NET Core 2.0 can find out more via Microsoft MSDN
New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks watches their RBI double during the sixth inning of the team's baseball game Houston Astros on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks watches their RBI double during the sixth inning of the team's baseball game Houston Astros on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
NEW YORK (AP) - That's it for Yankees-Astros this season.
At least until October.
Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this month as New York topped Houston 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2. Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series, with the home team winning all seven games.
"Look, it's great to go up against the best and have some success, no question about it," first-year Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. "But I would say it's just a long season. I think both sides have a lot of confidence that, yeah, we have a chance to have special seasons."
Dotting 98-99 mph fastballs to set up their wicked slider, Severino (8-1) allowed four hits - including Max Stassi's two-run homer - and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision.
The ace right-hander, who hasn't lost since April 10 at Boston, threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for their first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2.
"He's elite for a reason and I think we saw why tonight," Astros manager AJ Hinch said. "They're a good team and you have to play well to beat them. And there are a couple of games here we should have beat them."
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save in 13 chances.
Stassi, subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann, hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer with a 102 mph fastball to end it.
"Hopefully, we'll see each other in October," Keuchel said.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped their third straight start against them - including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York, including three postseason starts.
"He knows how to pitch," said Yankees catcher Austin Romine, who scored twice. "Anytime you see someone a lot, you start to pick up on some tendencies."
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning, and center fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton.
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2.
"That pitch right there was a sinker outside and I just threw the bat at it. So I got lucky there," Sanchez said through a translator.
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius' single past a drawn-in infield, chasing Keuchel. Aaron Hicks ended an 0-for-16 slide when they looped a two-out RBI double off Collin McHugh that got by a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field.
"That's just how it's kind of going," Keuchel said. "Tough breaks."
Severino retired their first 11 batters, striking out seven of the first nine, before AL MVP Jose Altuve bounced a single through an open right side.
"We were cruising there for a little while," Romine said.
New York (35-17), which has won 17 of its last 21 at home, matched a season high at 18 games above .500. The Yankees have won 10 of their past 11 series.
LOOK OUT!
Yuli Gurriel was called out on the basepaths when they collided hard with Miguel Andujar as the Yankees third baseman cut over to field Stassi's seventh-inning grounder. Andujar got hit in the left side of the head and was checked by a trainer but said they were OK. Gurriel just got the wind knocked out of him, Hinch said. Both players finished the game.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Astros: Slumping SS Carlos Correa was back in the lineup after a night off, and Springer took their turn receiving a rest. Springer struck out as a pinch hitter with two on to end the seventh and stayed in the game to play center field. ... OF Derek Fisher (gastrointestinal discomfort) had a scheduled day off on their rehab assignment at Triple-A Fresno, Hinch said. ... The team was awaiting an update on McCann (sore right knee) after they were examined by doctors in Houston.
Yankees: RHP Adam Warren, on the DL since April 21 with a back strain, threw 41 pitches over three scoreless innings in a rehab start for Double-A Trenton. They allowed one hit and struck out three. ... 1B Greg Bird was rested, leaving Gregorius as the only left-handed batter in the starting lineup against Keuchel.
UP NEXT
Astros: Return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. RHP Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game series Thursday night against LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
Yankees: An 11-game road trip that takes them to four cities, although they finish up in New York against the crosstown-rival Mets at Citi Field. RHP Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98 ERA) tries to rebound from their latest disappointing start Thursday night in Baltimore. RHP Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07 ERA) goes for the last-place Orioles.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Recent news:
AIG activist board member Paulson cuts stake
Bernard Goyder 15 February 2017
Hedge fund Paulson & Co has slashed its stake in global insurer AIG, divesting almost half of its holding in the fourth quarter.
John Paulson, who heads up the eponymous hedge fund and has a seat on the AIG board, cut the firm's stake in the carrier by 46 percent in the fourth quarter.
Paulson and fellow activist Carl Icahn took major positions in AIG in 2015 before launching a public campaign to break up the business, arguing that it...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
MONTPELIER – Vermont's annual, statewide Summer Free Fishing Day is Saturday, June 9 this year, and it will be highlighted by a free family fishing festival in Grand Isle as well as opening day of the state's regular bass fishing season.
“Vermont's Free Fishing Day gives resident and nonresident anglers the opportunity to go fishing without a license for the day in Vermont lakes and streams,” Fish & Wildlife Commissioner Louis Porter said. “Fishing is an activity that can be shared with friends and family or easily taught to newcomers while enjoying quality time together.”
Free Fishing Day in Vermont also will be celebrated at the Grand Isle Family Fishing Festival, to be held at the Ed Weed Fish Culture Station at 14 Bell Hill Road in Grand Isle. The festival will run from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Designed for young anglers and families, this exciting event offers basic fishing instruction and the chance for kids to catch big trout in a hatchery pond. No prior fishing experience is needed, and Vermont Fish & Wildlife will be supplying fishing rods, reels and bait for use by participants.
The festival will also highlight the newly updated Ed Weed Fish Culture Station visitor center, so fishing festival participants will be able to see the new educational exhibits and learn how to identify Lake Champlain fish species in the exhibit aquariums.
Vermont's regular bass season also opens on June 9, marking the start of some of the hottest bass fishing action in the northeast. The season opens each year on the second Saturday in June and extends through the last day of November.
Fish & Wildlife also has teamed up with Vermont State Parks to offer the ‘Reel Fun Fishing' program to be scheduled by park interpreters on Free Fishing Day and during the summer at some state parks. The program provides loaner tackle kits and fishing clinics free of charge to anyone interested in fishing at a Vermont State Park. Fishing licenses are required for anyone 15 or older except on Free Fishing Day. Information on Reel Fun Fishing can be found at https://vtstateparks.com/fishing.html.
To learn more about fishing in Vermont or to purchase a fishing license, visit www.vtfishandwildlife.com.
Porn clips featuring manipulated images of Hollywood's biggest names have taken internet by storm over the past few weeks in a twisted trend called “deepfakes”.
The sexually explicit videos haven't been stolen by hackers, or commissioned by porn studios featuring celebrity lookalikes. Instead, these clips have been made using artificial intelligence (AI) technology.
The images, called “deepfakes,” are porn stars with their faces swapped for those of famous actores and other celebrities.
This new technology requires only three basic steps: collect a photoset of a person, choose a pornographic video to manipulate, and then wait for the computer to do the rest, although it can take more than 40 hours just for a short clip.
The results look so convincing that they really seem like hardcore porn featuring Hollywood's biggest stars
The most popular “deepfakes” feature celebrities, but the process can work on anyone as long as there is a clear enough picture of the person.
The image of actor Natalie Portman was computer-generated from hundreds of stills and featured in an explicit video.
According to magazine Variety, this bizarre phenomenon took an unexpected turn in January when a Reddit user published an app that allows anyone without much technical knowledge to produce their own deepfake videos.
“The app has been downloaded more than 100,000 times since its release, according to its creator – and new clips are being uploaded by the dozens,” the publication said.
Natalie Portman, Emma Watson, Margot Robbie, Taylor Swift, Daisy Ridley and Gal Gadot are among several actores who have had their faces merged with pornography.
​Many fear that the repercussions of this technology could go far beyond sex and celebrities. “Imagine not being able to hold politicians accountable with video anymore because it could be fake,” said Reddit user ThatPickelGuy.
“This is turning into an episode of ‘Black Mirror',” wrote a user going by the name CapntainIceberg, referring to a futuristic dystopian sci-fi series.
​ “Nothing is real anymore,” the user hammerthefish added.
— Samantha Cole (@samleecole) January 24, 2018
— Cliff Bleszinski (@therealcliffyb) January 27, 2018
NEW YORK (AP) — Sarah Jessica Parker is adding another credit to their life as a bookworm.
The “Sex and the City” actor is serving as honorary chair of the American Library Association's newly created Book Club Central. The library association told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the club will recommend books throughout the year and will formally launch in Chicago on June 24, during the ALA's annual conference.
“From an early age, books were my constant companions and my local library a place I could find a new friend on every shelf,” Parker said in a statement. “I'm thrilled to help champion original voices for dedicated readers as well as for a new generation, supporting libraries in what they do best.”
Parker recently started their own imprint with Penguin Random House and last year introduced J.K. Rowling at a PEN gala, where the “Harry Potter” author was being honored by the literary and human rights organization. Parker also served on a presidential arts and humanities committee during the Obama administration.
Comments
comments
New Faces & Some New Rules in Place for 2017
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (Feb. 10, 2017) — With the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East opener just over a week away – marking the official start to the 2017 NASCAR touring series season – the attention will return to the exciting on-track action. While there hasn't been a race since November, it's been a busy offseason.
Beginning in December, NASCAR officials met with the car owners of all the U.S. and Canadian-based touring series, a move designed to further the dialogue between the sanctioning body and the teams. The conversations included covering some changes as well as an open discussion of how best to collectively grow the NASCAR touring series.
“We had overwhelmingly positive and productive discussions,” said Brandon Thompson, NASCAR senior director of the touring series. “NASCAR has really great racing throughout our touring series, but there are always ways to work to toward cost efficiency, make the sport more cost-effective and increase the level of competition for all involved. As in the case of our national series, we always strive to have an open dialogue during the race season, but it's also a great benefit to meet away from the track and the daily demands of the race season. We received a lot of great feedback from all our owners and look forward to working together.”
Highlights of the 2017 offseason include:
NASCAR announced today that Cherie Putnam will take over as the NASCAR Pinty's Series director. Putnam, a native of Windsor, Ontario, has been involved in the sport for over 25 years. They were part of a Sunset Speedway championship and two NASCAR Pinty's Series titles, and has worked the last five years as a NASCAR official. The NASCAR Pinty's Series, the national championship for racing in Canada, will open the season on its traditional Victoria Day Weekend (Sunday, May 21) at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park.
titles, Chris Wright was appointed to be the series director of the NASCAR K&N Pro Series. Wright, who has been the director for the K&N Pro East since 2013, will oversee both the East and the West. In addition, Andy Mitchell will become the head technical inspector for both the East and West, as NASCAR continues to align the top developmental series. Jimmie Walker was named the race director for the K&N Pro West, while Les Westerfield will continue in that position in the K&N Pro East.
Following the format change set forth by NASCAR's three national series, NASCAR's four U.S. and Canadian-based series will switch from a green-white-checkered finish to an overtime line for its races. The location of the line will be determined on a track-by-track basis, and will typically be entering Turn 3 on ovals. If the event goes past the advertised distance due to a caution, on the restart, if the leaders reach the overtime line before another caution comes out, it will be considered official. If the caution comes out prior, the race will have another restart.
Starting with the K&N Pro Series East opener at Florida's New Smyrna Speedway on Sunday, Feb. 19, NASCAR announced the move to group qualifying on ovals. There will be single-car qualifying at select events, like the NASCAR Whelen Modified races at New Hampshire Motor Speedway. Qualifying groups will be set by practice times.
The NASCAR K&N Pro Series East and West, and the NASCAR Pinty's Series schedules will feature a unique format for one of its events in each series: Twin 100-lap features. The NASCAR K&N Pro Series West will be first up at California's Irwindale Speedway. The NASCAR K&N Pro Series East will run twins at Virginia's South Boston Speedway, and the NASCAR Pinty's Series will do so at Wyant Group Raceway in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The starting lineup for the second 100-lap race will be determined by the fastest lap run in the first race.
West, The NASCAR K&N Pro Series West doubleheader is part of four races at three tracks in seven days to kick off the season that includes a $100,000 NAPA 500 Challenge bonus award if a driver wins all four races. The season opens at Tucson Speedway in Arizona on Saturday, March 18.
Earlier this month, the NASCAR PEAK Mexico Series announced its 12-race schedule. Made up of six ovals and six road courses, the national championship for stock car racing in Mexico will open on Sunday, March 26 at Autódromo Monterrey, a 2.1-mile road course in Apodaca, Nuevo León. The series held an exhibition event in December following the announcement of a multi-year agreement with Old World Industries (OWI) to make PEAK the series entitlement sponsor.
The NASCAR Whelen Euro Series announced a date change for its race at the prestigious Hockenheimring. The American Fan Fest will now be held July 29-30 and conclude the series' regular season before its two rounds of playoffs. The NASCAR Whelen Euro Series will open on April 8-9 at Valencia, Spain. The series, though, will have a number of drivers competing in the U.S. during Speedweeks, most notably two-time champion Anthony Kumpen in the NASCAR XFINITY Series race at Daytona International Speedway and 2016 Elite 2 champion Stienes Longin in the PPG/Tower Sealants Pro Late Model 100 as part of New Smyrna's 51st World Series of Asphalt Stock Car Racing.
Stienes NASCAR has implemented mandatory pre-license drug testing for drivers in all its U.S.-based touring series as part of NASCAR's evolving substance abuse program.
Earlier this week, Safety-Kleen, the Official Environmental Services Supplier of NASCAR, was announced as entitlement sponsor for the first race of the new unified NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour. The race, at South Carolina's historic Myrtle Beach Speedway, will be the Performance Plus 150 for Safety-Kleen's new brand of high-quality, high-performance motor oil.
NASCARHomeTracks.com will continue to be the digital home of all the NASCAR touring & weekly series, including Spanish-language content of the NASCAR PEAK Mexico Series. Fans can also follow the news and action on Twitter at @NASCARHomeTrack and through the designated series hashtags: #KNEast, #KNWest, #NASCARPeak, #NWES, #NASCARPintys, #NWMT and #NWAAS.
Sources: Jason Christley/NASCAR Integrated Marketing Communications
Mercedes isn't giving up on its beloved G-Class just yet. The boxy SUV, which has been on the market, in one form or another, since 1979, will live on for another generation and keep many of its familiar cues, according to a new report from Automotive News.
Speaking to the publication at the New York Auto Show, Daimler AG Chief Design Officer, Gorden Wagener, confirmed that the G-Class will get a thorough redesign. "We did everything new," they said. Apart from a small plastic lip on the C-pillar, evers piece of the exterior will be brand new.
The updated G-Class will reportedly make its debut in the "not too distant future," said Wagener. The most likely candidate for a debut location will be the Frankfurt Auto Show in September. With a new steering system, and a more modern suspension, the G-Class will also get wider and reportedly much lighter.
"You have to keep it boxy," continued Wagener. "You have to treat it very responsible, otherwise it wouldn't be a G. So it still has to be edgy." Overall, Wagener says that while the G-Class will keep its iconic shape, it still has to be "more grown up" than previous models before it.
To give us an idea as to the identity of the new G, we've already seen a spy video of the SUV testing on some snowy roads in Germany. The exhaust note even leads us to believe that it could bet a G63 spec model, which will come with a new 4.0-liter biturbo V8, replacing the current 5.5-liter V8, which could help it shed as much as 900 pounds (408 kilograms).
The G-Class will continue to be built by Magna Steyr at the company's facility in Austria. The new model will debut later this year, with the AMG variants expected to come soon after in 2018.
Source: Automotive News
Google has reached a $7.8 million antitrust settlement with Russian watchdog group FAS. According to BGR, the company will loosen restrictions on Android's built-in search engines to allow for Russian competitors to take a share of the pie. From the report:
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. — The roller coaster that was Micah Parsons' recruitment ended the minute they stepped in the weight room in January.
It began with a commitment from Parsons in 2016. Then they backed out before finally committing again. The defensive end out of Harrisburg High also drew attention from college football fans on social media, naming their dog after Ohio State's mascot, Brutus, and posting photos of themselves in other teams' uniforms after their initial commitment to the Nittany Lions.
“There were some coaches and players questioning if we should go on this roller coaster,” Penn State coach James Franklin recalled Monday as spring drills got underway. “I haven't had one person question the roller coaster since they showed up on campus.”
The coach has seen Parsons prove themselves in the weight room. They said the early enrollee is also maturing. Their new position as a first-year student will be a leadership role.
On national signing day, Franklin announced that Parsons, a 6-foot-3 241-pounder, will start at middle linebacker and replace Jason Cabinda, who declared for the NFL draft.
“We had a real pressing need at Mike linebacker, and we also have a guy that not only played defensive end but also played running back at a really high level,” Franklin said. “A lot of times, those guys who were really good linebackers were really good high school running backs as well. You talk about a guy who has the body type, the speed, the strength, the quickness, the play-making ability, those types of things — we think he's got a chance.”
However, Parsons has never played linebacker, which Franklin admitted will make linebackers coach Brent Pry's job more challenging.
When Cabinda was gearing up for their role at middle linebacker, they could look up to role models such as Mike Hull and Nyeem Wartman-White. Parsons will have the take the reins without one.
“It's not ideal,” Franklin said. “You'd love to have the young guys come in and sit behind some veteran players.”
But they said it's also important to have competition in order to be two-deep at the position, which is where senior linebackers Jake Cooper and Jan Johnson come in.
“I know there are guys like Cooper who have been waiting for this opportunity, and he's going to fight with everything he's got,” Franklin said. “There are a number of guys like that. They've been waiting for their turn with Jason Cabinda holding down that position for a long time.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Nexstar Media Group, Inc. announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire LKQD Technologies, a leading independent video advertising infrastructure company.
The pending deal is said to be worth approximately $90 million.
The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Nexstar's operating results and free cash flow, does not materially alter the Company's leverage position and will be financed with cash generated from operations and funds provided by the Company's revolving credit facility.
LKQD provides enterprise digital video advertising technology infrastructure for publishers and advertisers on all screens reaching approximately 115 million US online video viewers across desktop, mobile-web, mobile-app and connected TVs. Designed for flexibility, scalability and speed, LKQD's Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) technology provides end-to-end systems for ad serving, mediation, programmatic auctions and advanced reporting— allowing publishers to book, manage, optimize and track their operations in real-time from one dashboard.
“Our acquisition of LKQD is consistent with our long-term strategic and financial growth objectives for Nexstar Digital as we unify, expand and invest in our technology platform to optimize results for our clients, while developing new revenue opportunities,” says Perry A. Sook, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Nexstar. “By adhering to our disciplined acquisition and integration criteria, we are acquiring the leading, fast-growing, profitable, online video advertising business at an attractive, accretive valuation. Looking ahead, we continue to evaluate additional digital investments and select accretive transactions to drive the next phase of growth and success for Nexstar Digital.”
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A semi-automatic handgun went off accidentally inside the backpack of a 12-year-old girl in a Los Angeles middle school classroom, sending a single bullet tearing through the wrist of another girl before hitting a boy in the head, police said Friday.
Los Angeles police spokesperson Josh Rubenstein said detectives are trying to figure out where the girl got the gun, which was unregistered, and why they brought it to school. It wasn't clear what made it fire.
The girl, who was taken into custody minutes after the shooting, has retained an attorney and isn't answering questions, Rubenstein said.  They are expected to be arraigned Monday on two felony charges, including being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds, prosecutors said.
Jordan Valenzuela, a 12-year-old classmate of the girl's, told The Associated Press that they were in the room next door when the gun went off and talked to their minutes later.
"She was crying," Jordan said. "She was like, 'I didn't mean to. I had the gun in my backpack and I didn't know it was loaded and my backpack fell and the gun went off.'"
Jordan said they saw a hole in the backpack, which the girl was holding, when they asked them to hide the gun for them
"I said 'No,'" they said. "Then I moved away from them because I was a little bit scared."
The shooting sent children screaming and crying from the classroom as blood poured from the two students who were hit. Police descended on the school, which was put on lockdown, and the girl was arrested without incident.
Terrified parents rushed to the campus and waited for hours to be reunited with their children. Once they did, many children and parents sobbed as they hugged, walking from the school as they held each other.
The 15-year-old boy who was hit in the head with a bullet initially was in critical condition.
A spokesperson at Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center where the children were being treated didn't respond to messages about their condition Friday, though a doctor treating the boy said they expected them to make a full recovery.
The wrist wound to the 15-year-old girl was considered minor. Three others had superficial face or head injuries, some from broken glass.
A review of shootings nationwide by The Associated Press and USA TODAY Network found that at least 141 deaths of minors were attributed to unintentional or accidental shootings in 2015.
Most accidental shootings involve someone actually handling firearms, as opposed to guns getting dropped, said Pete Gagliardi, a former longtime agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
"It's pretty rare to hear about an incident like this," Gagliardi said of Thursday's shooting.
They said the gun wouldn't necessarily have to have been cocked to go off in the girl's backpack, but mostly likely would have had to have become entangled with something inside the bag for the trigger to have been pressed.
A strikingly similar shooting to Thursday's happened just south of Los Angeles in Gardena on Jan. 18, 2011, when a gun went off inside a 17-year-old boy's backpack after they set it on a desk, wounding two students with one bullet, including a girl who was shot in the head.
The teen was convicted of possessing and discharging a firearm in a school zone. They were sentenced to nine months in juvenile camp and put on probation until they turned 21.
The Los Angeles Unified School District has a policy requiring every middle and high school campus to conduct daily random searches by metal-detector wands at different hours of the school day for students in the sixth grade and up.
Denver Post: Denver's 34-year deal at DIA might be the city's first big public-private partnership, but don't expect it to be the last
Denver International Airport's proposed $1.8 billion terminal deal is poised to launch the city into a different kind of contracting that hands over some control of a publicly owned space to private interests for decades.
Get ready: That complex, 34-year contract could be a harbinger of things to come. Mayor Michael Hancock and other city leaders see promise in public-private partnerships, which infuse both private money and management into public projects, as they prepare to build out the National Western Center with large new event venues, expand the convention center and plot big changes to the Denver Performing Arts Complex.
But as the City Council prepares for a vote Monday night on DIA's proposed arrangement with a consortium led by a large Spanish company, some members express misgivings about more such deals. Their skepticism already has paused a consulting contract that's seen as crucial to setting up a city office dedicated to shepherding such projects in the future.
The Coloradoan: Marijuana rules could come to Fort Collins voters, again
After a five-year hiatus, marijuana might once again be part of a Fort Collins election.
The City Council on Tuesday is scheduled to consider placing a measure on the Nov. 7 ballot asking voters if the council may make changes to city regulations on marijuana without votes of the people.
The idea is to allow the city to keep up with changes in state marijuana rules, regulations and laws without voter approval, as is currently required by city ordinance.
State regulations on weed, including licensing requirements and dispensary ownership structures, have changed a lot in recent years and are likely to continue evolving.
A citizen-initiated ordinance on medical marijuana approved by voters in 2012 requires a vote to change its provisions. City staff members have recommended amending the ordinance so city regulations may reflect changes at the state level, if the council chooses to do so, without eliminating provisions of the 2012 initiative.
ABC 7: Colorado politicians condemn ‘domestic acts of terrorism' after violence in Charlottesville
Colorado politicians from across the aisle condemned what some of them called “domestic acts of terrorism” following a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va., that left a woman dead and more than a dozen injured Saturday.
Among them was Republican Sen. Cory Gardner, who reprimanded President Donald Trump and urged them to “call evil by its name.
Gardner's tweet came after President Trump blamed “many sides” for the violence in the Virginia college town.
But Gardner wasn't the only one to call out the president for not singling out white supremacists for to Unite the Right rally, which brought together Neo-Nazis and others in the alt-Right movement to downtown Charlottesville.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Verizon IndyCar Series team Carlin has left their most recent race event, last weekend's 2018 Grand Prix of Alabama, frustrated after both fo their cars failed to finish the race. Both Charlie Kimball and Max Chilton retired from the race, a disappointing way for the race to end for both drivers after the pair showed decent pace in practice and qualifying.
The British team entered the weekend hopefull for a good result as they made their first start on a traditional road course; an environment much more familiar to them with their European single-seater racing history. The team was also coming off of the back of their first ever top ten finish in the Verizon IndyCar Series, which came courtesy of Kimball the weekend before at Long Beach.
Both Kimball and the team were delighted with that result, but both knew that they had capitalized on drivers ahead having problems and would need to keep working hard to be regularly featuring inside the top ten.
After the three practice sessions at Barber Motorsports Park last weekend, the team were somewhat encouraged that they had made a step forward. The weekend started strongly on Friday, with Chilton all the way up in fourth in the first practice session; just six-tenths of a second off of the fastest time in the session. They would finish the second session of the day just outside the top ten in eleventh place, with Kimball taking twelfth and nineteenth from the two sessions.
Kimball was much more on terms with Chilton's pace in the final practice session of the weekend on Saturday. They would take thirteenth in the session, a tenth of a second faster than Chilton in fourteenth. Encouragingly for the team, both drivers seemed to have solid mid-field speed in Alabama, with the pair going to swap around positions in the qualifying session later in the day as they secured their best grid positions so far this season: Chilton in thirteenth place, closely followed by Kimball in fourteenth. Max was very close to getting Carlin's first appearance in session two of qualifying after being pipped by just a tenth of a second by Ed Jones in the first group qualifying stage.
With the team starting right in the midfield, they were hoping to capitalize on the potentially crazy conditions provided by the heavy rain for Sunday's race to perhaps get both cars in the top ten at the chequered flag. Sadly, this would not end up being the case.
After a strong start to the race, Kimball had worked themselves up into eleventh place. However, they wouldn't stay there long. Ganassi's Ed Jones appeared to make light contact with Kimball as they exited the penultimate corner, with the impact sending Kimball spinning into the barrier. The impact would break American's front wing, but more importantly, it damaged the gearbox. The team looked to see if the damage was repairable, but ultimately it was decided that the car couldn't continue and that Charlie would have to retire.
“The 10 car of Ed Jones just drove into the back of me,” an angry Kimball would say after the race, “The flight attendants reviewed it and decided that no action would be taken, which I vehemently disagree with. Yeah, visibility was tough out there, but it was tough for everyone. I didn't run into anyone and no one else ran into me, except for the 10 car. I don't know what the flight attendants were looking at, but I'm going to have a discussion with them after the race.
“I'm just disappointed because the Carlin guys know how to run in the wet and they gave me a great car. We were moving up the field a few spots and with the Marco [Andretti] spin, we were able to elevate another spot. We were just knocking on the door of making it into the top 10 and coming out of here in these conditions with a top-10 result heading into May would've been really good for the team.”
During the caution for the incident between Kimball and Jones, Chilton would pit for their first stop of the race. A few laps later, the race would be red flagged due to the unrelenting rain, with the remainder of the race being postponed until the next day.
However, Chilton's race would barely be restarted on Monday. They were due to get back going in seventeenth place, but their car suddenly ground to a halt moment after leaving the pits for the formation lap. After being towed back to the pits, an electrical fault was diagnosed and then repaired by the crew. They would return to the track briefly later in the race, but as they were forty-eight laps down when the rain came out toward the end of the race, the team elected to retire them to spare any potential further damage.
“That was a really unfortunate way for us to end the weekend,” said Chilton post-race, “We were happy with the qualifying effort of the No. 59 Gallagher Chevrolet and felt like we were making progress, but after the race was red-flagged and everyone was allowed to start on full fuel we knew we were going to have a hard time doing much strategy-wise to move toward the front.
“Unfortunately for us, we didn't get a chance to see what we could do during the remainder of the race because of an electrical issue that had us stopped on track before the field went green. The boys had it fixed and back out on track, but once the heavy rain picked back up again there was no point in us continuing and possibly tearing anything up.”
The team will be hoping that their next race will yield much greater results for their two drivers. The Grand Prix of Indianapolis will take place on May 12 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Grand Prix circuit.
RACING'S great partnership, Hugh Bowman and Winx, is back.
Just before sunrise at Rosehill Gardens trackwork yesterday morning, Hugh Bowman rode Winx in a steady gallop, the first time they have been in the saddle for 10 days.
Trainer Chris Waller was a relieved man. He's got the band back together again.
GOLDEN SLIPPER FORM GUIDE: WHO WILL WIN?
SUNLIGHT, WRITTEN BY SET FOR EPIC SLIPPER BATTLE
SUPERSTAR: WINX IN ‘BEAST MODE'
Bowman has been under a fitness cloud since suffering concussion after being thrown from Performer during the Todman Stakes at Randwick on March 10.
The champion jockey gained a medical clearance to resume riding on Monday and climbed aboard Winx for yesterday's important track gallop in preparation for the Group 1 $1 million The Agency George Ryder Stakes (1500m) at Rosehill Gardens on Saturday.
Camera Icon Hugh Bowman put Winx through their paces at Rosehill gardens on Tuesday. Picture: Getty Images
Bowman and Winx work in unison, they are like poetry in motion, as the mare completes their morning exercise at a steady gallop.
“Winx is going so well,'' Bowman said in an ominous warning to Ryder rivals.
“I think they have come on since their last race.''
The Winx gallop was the first time Bowman had ridden a horse since the accident. They then rode in a couple of barrier trials to prove their fitness for a race riding comeback at Newcastle tomorrow. “I'm all systems go,'' they said.
With Winx aiming for a world record 17th Group 1 win on Saturday, moving past the standard set by American champion John Henry in 1984, The Daily Telegraph understands Australian Turf Club officials and the mare's owners are negotiating to name a race in their honour next season.
Camera Icon Hugh Bowman believes Winx has improved since their runaway win in the Chipping Norton Stakes. Picture: Getty Images
ATC officials would not comment on the issue on Tuesday but it is believed the Warwick Stakes, run over 1400m at Randwick in August, will be elevated to Group 1 levels this year and will be renamed the Winx Warwick Stakes.
Winx has won the last three Warwick Stakes including their heart-stopping effort to recover from a poor start and run down Foxplay in the final few bounds last August.
Bowman plans to return to Rosehill trackwork on Thursday morning to put Waller's Golden Slipper hopeful, Performer through their paces.
“I am looking forward to it, believe it or not,'' Bowman said of riding Performer again in the Golden Slipper. “It's seems to have been a freak thing (last start), he's obviously reacted to something but he's trialled well since so we will get on with it.''
Waller said Performer will wear blinkers in Thursday's gallop and also in the Golden Slipper.
April 24 (UPI) -- More than 600,000 copies of former FBI Director James Comey's memoir were sold in its first week, publisher MacMillan's Flatiron Books said.
The disclosure comes amid Comey's press tour promoting their book, A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies and Leadership. The ex-FBI head has appeared on ABC's "20/20," and segments on national news networks to speak about their time as FBI director.
Hillary' Clinton's memoir, What Happened?, sold 300,000 copies in its first week, the New York Times reported.
Comey's book sales were also higher in its first week than Michael Wolff's book, Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House, which sold 200,000 hardcover copies in its first week of sale, the Times reported based on figures from NPD Bookscan, which tracks 85 percent of print sales.
Comey will appear next on a town hall hosted by CNN and moderated by Anderson Cooper on Wednesday and on Thursday they will be interviewed in a Fox News "Special Report" with Bret Baier.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - A draft Russian bill on cryptocurrency and digital tokens sees them as assets, but not legal tender, so they cannot be used to pay for goods and services in Russia, according to the information on the law introduced into the parliament.
The draft law defines a new type of contract, a smart contract, based on the same blockchain technology that underpins cryptocurrencies.
The difference between a digital token and a cryptocurrency is defined based on the number of producers: one person for a digital token and several persons (miners) for cryptocurrencies.
READ MORE: Twitter May Ban Most Cryptocurrency Ads Amid Regulation Concerns
© AP Photo/ Alex Brandon FTC Cracks Down on 4 Cryptocurrency Owners: Trading Halted, Accounts Frozen
The draft law provides a definition for such terms as "digital signature" and "digital transaction," outlines the legal framework for various new activities, including mining as well as validation of digital transactions through blockchain
The draft law allows exchanging digital tokens or cryptocurrency for rubles or foreign currency only through special operators, including brokers and special platforms.
A separate article outlines the legal framework for the Initial Token Offering procedure, which allows cryptocurrency startups to fund their projects by selling off portions of the future product.
Some politicians are growing concerned about an annual event outside their City Hall office windows.
The grass around the Rink of Dreams gets destroyed over the winter, forcing the city to dig up the eyesore and install fresh sod. Piles of sod were around the rink last week as workers toiled in the heat to make the front of the building look lush again.
River Coun. Riley Brockington said they plan to submit a written inquiry to staff at the end of the community and protective services committee on Thursday to find out what's happening.
Brockington said they want to know how much the grass installation costs taxpayers and if there's anything else the city can do, besides ripping and replacing each spring.
The summer treatment of the Rink of Dreams has been somewhat of a talker since the first season in 2012. To be fair to the city, the colourful Muskoka chairs and picnic tables are big improvements from the original treatment of standard park picnic tables.
And, more groups have rented the front of City Hall to hold events, including all the food fests you can possibly imagine.
Still, there's something that feels missing from the landscape around the concrete pad.
As for the sod, the alternative to not replacing the grass would be to let it rot and brown over the summer, and that's not going to fly, either.
So, the city replaces the grass, or it can pave over the rest of it.
There must be some creative ideas.
Well, you know, the city might have some extra artificial turf kicking around soon.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
The following deaths have taken place in the Leitrim area:
Austin Byrne Killiney, Dublin / Aughacashel, Leitrim
Austin Byrne, Killiney, Co. Dublin, late of Aghacashel, Leitrim, Inchicore, Canada and USA on February 2, 2018 (peacefully) in St. Vincent's Hospital, Austin, predeceased by their sisters Olive and Nuala. Sadly missed by their nephew Karl and their wife Carolyn, niece Sandra and their partner Dick, their grandnephews Christopher, Daniel and Robert, extended family and many friends both at home and abroad.
Reposing on Monday in Quinn's of Glasthule from 12 noon with removal to Mount Jerome Crematorium arriving for a Funeral Service at 2pm.
Sr. Terence Lawrence Marist Convent, Carrick-on-Shannon, Leitrim / Sligo
Sr. Terence Lawrence, Marist Convent, Carrick-on- Shannon, Co.Leitrim and Loughill, Cloonacool, Co. Sligo on Friday, February 2 (peacefully) at Sligo University Hospital. Deeply regretted and sadly missed by their nieces Celia, Mary and Julia, nephew Michael, their Marist Community, extended family, neighbours and a wide circle of friends.
Reposing at the Marist Convent Chapel, Carrick-on-Shannon on Sunday evening, February 4 from 3pm-7pm followed by evening prayers. Removal on Monday morning to St. Mary's Parish Church, Carrick-on-Shannon, arriving for Mass of the Ressurection at 12 o'clock with burial afterwards in Convent Cemetery.
Family flowers only please. Marist Convent private on Monday morning please.
John (Sean) Cassidy St. Martin's Avenue, Naas, Kildare / Ballyconnell, Cavan
Beloved husband of the late Maureen and loving father of Tom, Tim, Anne and John. Sadly missed by their loving family, son-in-law Brian, daughters-in-law Gillian, Olivia and Adrienne, grandchildren Sarah, Sarah, Clodagh, Lauren, Rachel and Hannah, great-grandson Cameron, brother Aidan, sisters Margaret and Terese, sisters-in-law, brother-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives, neighbours and friends.
Reposing at The George Mullins Funeral Home, Kilcullen Road, Naas on Sunday from 2pm. Removal on Sunday afternoon at 4.30pm to arrive at the Church of Our Lady and St. David, Naas at 5pm. Funeral on Monday after 10am Mass to St. Corban's Cemetery, Dublin Road, Naas.
May they all Rest in Peace.
Japanese companies are turning to robots to help build their skyscrapers.
No workers: The country has a labor shortage problem, and it's only getting worse, especially in the booming construction industry. So firms are turning to automation technologies, including AI and drones, to map and control construction sites.
Bring in the robots: Shimizu Corporation, for example, is looking to offload a small amount of labor onto bots. Its automatons will weld beams, move supplies, and install ceiling panels, taking over about 1 percent of the total labor involved in a typical high-rise project.
The challenge: With humans everywhere, unpredictable objects swinging around, and bespoke building plans to follow, construction is one of the hardest industries to automate. What's more, current laws restrict autonomous vehicles' presence on construction sites to nights and weekends for safety reasons. In order to start working the day shift, the robots will first have to show they can play nice with humans.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - A key executive behind Amazon Go, the online leader's much heralded cashier-less grocery store, says they were surprised at how many customers were hesitant to just walk out the store.
"What we didn't necessarily expect was how many people would stop at the end on their first trip or two and ask, 'Is it really OK if I just leave?'" said Gianna Puerini, vice president of Amazon Go, which opened in January in Seattle.
That was one of the insights they and another executive shared at Shoptalk, a retail industry event that kicked off its four-day run Sunday. Puerini also noted that the best-selling item has been chicken sandwiches. Other popular items include meal kits and fresh fruit. Puerini said the store is geared toward people who are hungry or in a rush. They say that she's pleased at how many customers come back frequently.
With the Amazon Go app, the retailer can get real-time customer feedback, which helps guide the store in what to stock. In fact, after hearing from vegans complaining about how cheese is mixed into the salads, Amazon Go is now offering the cheese on the side, according to Dilip Kumar, vice president of technology of Amazon Go and Amazon Books who shared the stage with Puerini.
With Amazon Go, shoppers enter by scanning their phones. The store technology itself keeps track of what they pick up and charges them after they leave. It uses computer vision, machine learning algorithms and sensors to analyze what people are grabbing.
Kumar says one of the biggest challenges is having its computers discern products that look similar like a sugar-free Red Bull drink and the regular version.
As for rolling out Amazon Go technology at Whole Foods Market, which Amazon purchased last year, Puerini says there are no plans to launch what they call "just walk out" technology at the chain.
"The work we do with them (Whole Foods) is focused on making natural and organic food available to more people," they said.
But as far as expanding Amazon Go stores, Puerini just said, "Stay tuned."
_____
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio
North Carolina's leading Baptist wants the next president of the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) to demonstrate a commitment to the value and importance of women in churches and Christian organizations.
Milton Hollifield Jr., executive director-treasurer of the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina, said, “We need a leader who shows that they understand there is equality between brothers and sisters in Christ in the family of God.”
They spoke to the Biblical Recorder in a wide-ranging interview May 24 about the upcoming presidential election at this year's SBC annual meeting in Dallas, Texas.
While emphasizing that they believe the Bible reserves the role of pastor for men, Hollifield said females are not second-class citizens.
“Women should know and believe that if God has raised them up, they will be given the opportunity to serve on committees and certain places of leadership,” they said. “They shouldn't have to prove, ‘I'm good enough for first string.'”
Hollifield lamented recent news stories about abuse and sexual misconduct, in addition to the way women sometimes encounter “condescending attitudes.”
“It's wrong,” they said.
There are two announced candidates for SBC president this year: J.D. Greear, pastor of The Summit Church in Raleigh-Durham, and Ken Hemphill, former president of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary and administrator at North Greenville University in Tigerville, S.C.
Hollifield also said SBC leadership should lead the way in increasing the diversity of committees and leadership appointments – along the lines of ethnicity, gender, age and affiliated church size – by reviewing the procedures and expanding the publicity of the nominating process. They suggested new communication strategies and meeting schedules to enable more involvement from lay people with full-time jobs.
“We need to help people understand this is not a sewn up process and decision,” Hollifield said.
“… Somehow we've got to come up with a way of convincing Southern Baptists, whether they are in North Carolina or all across the Southern Baptist Convention, that your opinion really does matter. You know people that others serving on a committee do not know, and we really need help finding people who can serve in roles of leadership.”
When asked whether they thought this was a pivotal year in the life of the SBC, Hollifield said the candidates, in terms of their character and experience, were the type of high quality leaders that Southern Baptists have come to expect.
“However,” they continued, “I'm most concerned about the message this campaign – which has the appearance of a secular political campaign – is sending to the [younger] generation of pastors.
“... I'm afraid they are going to see this, not as just two men running for the president of the Southern Baptist Convention, but as a matter of whether their candidate wins or loses, and if they lose, they may question how much they are valued as future leaders of the Southern Baptist Convention. That makes it a pivotal campaign.”
Many Southern Baptists are focused on the amount of financial support each candidate's church gives through the Cooperative Program (CP). Hollifield praised both The Summit Church, where Greear is pastor, and First Baptist Church in Hendersonville, N.C., where Hemphill is a member.
“Under the leadership of Steve Scoggins, First Baptist Church in Hendersonville has done well in their support of the Cooperative Program,” they said, “and I wish we had more churches like The Summit. … I thank God for what both of them give.
“They're both great churches.”
Asked about the high level of criticism endured by Greear during this year's SBC presidential campaign, Hollifield defended Greear and attempted to correct apparent misunderstandings.
Some Southern Baptists believe Greear's theological positions call into question their evangelistic fervor.
“I think they are misreading where J.D. Greear stands,” Hollifield said.
Greear said on social media recently, “For the record, I believe Jesus died for all people, that every person can and should be called to repent and believe, and that you haven't fully preached the gospel if you haven't called for that response.”
Hollifield said Greear had “demonstrated in their own personal lifestyle and in the church they pastor, that they very much believes in the importance of sharing the gospel with all people.”
Referring to The Summit's partnership with the state convention, Hollifield said they were grateful for their participation and described them as an example for other churches.
“They work with us in evangelism. They share our ideas about church health and revitalization,” they said. “... I consider them to be a model church for how they practice discipleship. Disciple-making is at the heart of our strategy in this state convention. Not only are they doing it in wonderful ways through their church, but they are also willing to help us promote discipleship in other churches.”
Hollifield recounted how The Summit's leadership had expressed a commitment to increase their involvement in Southern Baptist life, noting that Greear had served on the state convention's board of directors as a “team player” and had planned to increase The Summit's CP giving years before recent SBC elections.
“They have lived true to a commitment they made,” they said.
According to the state convention's most recent data, The Summit is the highest CP-giving church in North Carolina.
For more SBC coverage, visit BRnow.org and follow the Biblical Recorder's social media accounts during the annual meeting June 12-13.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – K. Allan Blume, editor, and Seth Brown, content editor, contributed to this report.)
Philadelphia clears its heroin camps this week. This housing program could be a key May 29
Aubrey Whelan is a staff writer assigned to the enterprise team. Since joining the Inquirer in 2012, they have covered crime in Philadelphia and everything in Chester County.
Volunteers help Tiffany Prinski, left, pack up their belongings as police evict people living at the encampment on Kensington Avenue.
As they promised, Philadelphia officials on Wednesday morning cleared out two heroin encampments off Lehigh Avenue in Kensington by their self-imposed deadline.
A handful of the camps' last holdouts accepted drug treatment or housing services offered by the numerous outreach workers who walked through the camps on the last day of a month-long, intensive effort to address the latest open-air drug crisis to hit this embattled neighborhood. The rest of the people who had been in the camps had either left already for shelters, or said they were planning to camp elsewhere. A few said they didn't yet know where they would sleep.
>>READ MORE: How the opioid crisis is changing how Philly ER doctors treat patients.
“My mind is spinning,” said Tiffany Prinski, 38, who lived on the streets of Kensington for three years and in the Kensington Avenue camp for the last several months. They spent Tuesday night in their tent, wide awake and anxious, running through their options.
The city is clearing out two heroin encampments in Kensington today. Some of the last stragglers are off to city shelters; others say they're not sure where they'll sleep tonight. “My mind is spinning,” one woman who's lived in the encampments for months told me. pic.twitter.com/BQFVUDL7Iz — Aubrey Whelan (@aubreyjwhelan) May 30, 2018
A small group of protesters had plastered signs under the Kensington Avenue bridge that read, “Eviction = Death” in an imitation of the AIDS activism group ACT UP's famous “Silence = Death” slogan. The protesters said that closing the camps without first establishing an official safe injection site would mean more people using heroin alone and risking a fatal overdose. Because the camps have plenty of people familiar with heroin use — and the overdose reversal drug Narcan — these are safer places for people in addiction, they said.
Neighbors staged counter-protests, saying the camps were a health hazard for the neighborhood and that their children, for months, had to pick their way past discarded needles and open drug use on their way to school.
Police cordoned off the Tulip Street camp just after 10 a.m. and slowly walked through the tunnel, checking inside tents for stragglers, as people pushed shopping carts full of their belongings down the street. Then sanitation workers scooped whatever had been left — tents, mattresses, pallets, tables — into a waiting trash truck.
They repeated the process on Kensington Avenue, where news cameras and neighbors clustered to watch. A few advocates helped Prinski, now wiping away tears, dismantle their tent. Outreach workers in orange shirts encouraged them to walk down the block, where there was a nurse waiting who could treat an abscess on their forearm.
“It's always uncomfortable,” said Kate Perch, the housing coordinator for Prevention Point, watching the cleanup on Tulip Street. Prevention Point is running two of the city shelters that have opened to accommodate camp residents. “We knew it was coming, and felt like all of us in the initiative did the best we could to engage people. And that's not stopping just because [the camps are being cleared].”
Left alone for now, however, are two more heroin encampments that aren't far away, and have been growing in recent days.
Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team Technical Director James Allison is confident the squad know where they are in terms of car set-up for qualifying and the race, despite the lack of running in Friday practice, ahead of the Japanese Grand Prix.
Having seen the worrying weather forecast for today, the Brit was pleasantly surprised that they were able to complete an almost fully dry session in Free Practice 1 this morning, and says they crammed as much of their weekend's practice programme into that first session as they could, to ensure they would be fully prepared for the race on Sunday.
“The weather forecasts for today were actually pretty unpromising from quite a long way out. We weren't expecting much useful running at all in either of the sessions. So it was something of a blessing when we managed to get a largely dry FP1.
“We focused all our programme around trying to get as much race preparation as we could into that single programme. Although that may be an unusual session, it was actually quite a good one.
“Both cars getting their laps done, getting a feel for the car on high and low fuel and we were reasonably pleased with the initial balance and performance that the car is showing.”
Free Practice 2 was somewhat of a washout, which Allison says made it all the more important that they completed their race preparation in the first practice session of the weekend.
“Obviously after losing all of FP2 the rest of the weekend is still going to be something of a scramble, but at least we go into tomorrow knowing how we ought to set the car up for both qualifying and race.”
FILE - In this Tuesday, Jan. 12, 2016 file photo, Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl arrives for a pretrial hearing at Fort Bragg, N.C. Attorneys for Bergdahl said Saturday, March 5, 2016, they may seek a deposition from presidential contender Donald Trump or call them as a witness at a legal proceeding, saying they fear their comments could affect their client's right to a fair trial. (AP Photo/Ted Richardson, File)
LONDON (AP) — They banged on Windows, screamed for help, dropped children from smoky floors in a desperate attempt to save them. Terrified residents of the Grenfell Tower said there was little warning of the inferno that engulfed their high-rise apartment building and left 12 people dead — a toll that officials said would almost certainly rise.
The blaze early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured 79 others, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. A tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 200 firefighters worked through the night and were still finding pockets of fire inside later in the day. A huge plume of smoke wafted across the London skyline and left a burned-out hulk in the working class, multi-ethnic neighborhood.
“In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never, ever seen anything of this scale,” Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said.
Up to 600 people lived in 120 apartments in the Grenfell Tower. After announcing the updated death toll of 12 in the afternoon, Cmdr. Stuart Cundy said that “we believe this number will sadly increase.”
Crews rescued a total of 65 people, said Steve Apter, the fire brigade's director of safety and assurance.
Prime Minister Theresa May's office said they were “deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life” in the fire. Mayor Sadiq Khan said many questions must be answered about safety for the scores of other apartment blocks around the British capital.
The London Fire Brigade said it received the first reports of the blaze at 12:54 a.m. and the first engines arrived within six minutes.
Survivors told of frantic attempts to escape during the nighttime fire. Some initially feared it was terrorism-related, although authorities have not suggested that terrorism was involved.
“The flames, I have never seen anything like it. It just reminded me of 9/11,” said Muna Ali, 45. “The fire started on the upper floors. … Oh my goodness, it spread so quickly. It had completely spread within half an hour.”
Samira Lamrani said they saw a woman drop a baby from a window on the ninth or 10th floor to people on the sidewalk.
“People were starting to appear at the windows, frantically banging and screaming,” Lamrani told Britain's Press Association news agency.
When the woman indicated they were going to drop the infant, “a gentleman ran forward and managed to grab the baby,” they added.
Joe Walsh, 58, said they saw someone toss two children out a window on the fifth or sixth floor. Tiago Etienne, 17, said they saw about three children between the ages of 4 and 8 being dropped from around the 15th floor. There was no word on their fate.
Other residents told harrowing tales of their own escapes and frustration at not being able to help neighbors.
Ruks Mamudu, 69, said they ran to safety down one flight of stairs to the ground floor from their apartment wearing only their purple pajamas and bathrobe. They and their grandson sat outside the building, helplessly watching those trapped on higher floors.
“I sat there watching my house burn down and watching people cry for help who couldn't come down,” Mamudu said.
Nassima Boutrig, who lives across from the building, said they were awakened by sirens and smoke so thick that it filled their home as well.
“We saw the people screaming,” they said. “A lot of people said, ‘Help! Help! Help!' The fire brigade could only help downstairs. … They couldn't stop the fire.”
Resident Hamid Wahbi said that as they fled through the smoke, they asked about a neighbor's father but was told they were still inside.
“We tried to go back, but it was all black, so I had to come out of the building,” Wahbi added.
There was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze, but the Grenfell Action Group has been warning about the risk of fire at Grenfell Tower since 2013.
Edward Daffarn, who lived on the 16th floor, said the building's fire alarm didn't ring. They said residents had complained for years to Kensington and Chelsea Council about the building's safety, to no avail.
“I'm lucky to be alive. A neighbor's smoke alarm went off and another neighbor phoned and told me to get out,” Daffarn said. “I consider this mass murder.”
The Action Group expressed concerns about the testing and maintenance of firefighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site. In a blog on Nov. 20, the activist group predicted that only “a catastrophic event” leading to “serious loss of life” would bring the outside scrutiny needed to make conditions safe for residents.
“All our warnings fell on deaf ears and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable,” the group said after the fire broke out.
The Kensington and Chelsea Council, which oversees the area where the fire occurred, said in a statement its immediate focus was helping victims and their families. It said the cause of the blaze would be “fully investigated.”
Built in the 1970s, the housing block was recently upgraded at a cost of 10 million pounds ($12.8 million), with work finishing in May 2016, according to the local council. Rydon, the British company that did the refurbishing, said in a statement that its work “met all required building control, fire regulation and health and safety standards.”
Britain's government ordered checks at tower blocks going through similar refurbishment amid concerns that renovations at the Grenfell Tower contributed to the spread of the blaze. It was not immediately known if the building had a sprinkler system.
Authorities will “seek to identify towers that might have a similar process of refurbishment, run a system of checks so that we can, as quickly as possible, give reassurance to people,” said Policing and Fire Minister Nick Hurd.
The Grenfell tenants' organization's newsletter instructs residents to stay put in a fire unless the blaze is inside their own apartment or in their hallway — the same guidance used in multistory hotels and other high-rise buildings. The tenants' organization's July 2014 newsletter said Grenfell “was designed according to rigorous fire safety standards.”
___
Associated Press writers Cara Rubinsky, Sylvia Hui and Ben Jary contributed to this report.
It was Sunday morning when I heard some of my favorite words, “Grandma, I'm here!” This statement is usually accompanied by huge grins of the faces of the speakers and the listener.
Thirty years ago the words were, “Mom, I'm home” Those words are still favorites.
This time it was the 6- and 8-year-old grandsons.
Their first concern was hunger. Seems they didn't have time for breakfast. I offered cereal, but they informed me they weren't allowed to have cereal on Sunday. However, they could have toast with peanut butter or jelly or both.
I didn't bother to check with their mom. I just fix them what they want because Grandmas can do that.
While they ate, they wanted to talk about the huge nest of grubs finds in one of the branches when their uncles were splitting logs from my old maple tree. “Were they really as big as Grandpa's thumb?” one asked.
I tried to change the subject but didn't get very far. They wanted to know about the huge nest of big old black ants in one of the logs.
That reminded me of an evening two years ago when the same two had stopped by with their sisters and their mom. The younger had missed their nap and was really whiny.
They couldn't reach the candy counter yet but their brother could. The brother was sucking contentedly on a Tootsie Pop. The younger one was crying because they didn't have one.
Mom told big sister to get them one. They walked out and right back in to whisper something in their mother's ear. Them mom looked at me and said, “She says the Tootsie Pop box is full of ants.” I ran to the kitchen to get rid of the box. They ran to the older boy to get the Tootsie Pop.
I was more successful than they were except for one little detail. The younger boy was begging me for one of the suckers. I slammed an ant-free one down on the sink and told them their mom had to hand it to him. Then I ran out the door with the box and the pesticide.
When I returned, the older boy was really annoyed, and my daughter was shaking their head in disbelief. “Boys are so different from girls,” they said.
They had ordered their son to give them the Tootsie Pop they had in their mouth. They asked why. They said, “The box had ants in it.” They pulled their sucker out of their mouth, looked it over and announced, “None on this one!” and popped it back in their mouth.
“My girls would have been freaking out if they thought any bug had even come close to them, let alone on something they were eating,” they concluded as the youngest boy was still bewailing the fact they never got their sucker and the older one was complaining because they didn't get to finish his.
The ant's nest in the old maple tree explained why we had been fighting ant invasions for the last couple years. It also cut my mourning time for the loss of my maple tree.
We had to cut another tree down for our remodeling project, but I had never really bonded with that one. It was in full view of the streets out front.
One day a friend stopped by to visit. As we were chatting in the house, the three youngest boys took on a project of their own. They were annoyed with their little sister because they followed them wherever they went. So they devised a plan. They told them they were an Indian and they were cowboys. They had captured them and had tied them to that tree. The oldest boy of the three had just earned their badge for tying knots from the Cub Scouts. They did a great job. They ran off to play and left them bound to the tree.
We found out about it when a police officer knocked on our door. When I answered, they asked if I knew there was a child tied to a tree in my yard. Seems some Good Samaritan had seen them and gone to the police department to report our child abuse. I soothed our little girl, and when I caught up with their brothers I made sure they never did that again.
That was more than 30 years ago, but I never did like that tree very much after that.
AUTHOR'S NOTE: This column was first published in the Greenville Advocate July 2, 2003.
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_KathleenFloydPRINT-4.jpg
By Kathleen Floyd Back Around the House II
Kathleen Floyd is a volunteer citizen columnist, who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with their column Back Around the House II. They can be reached at kfloyd@woh.rr.com. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Kathleen Floyd is a volunteer citizen columnist, who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with their column Back Around the House II. They can be reached at kfloyd@woh.rr.com. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
