UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, April 30 Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino said their team can still win the Premier League for the first time after what they called a deserved 2-0 win over bitter rivals Arsenal on Sunday.
“I feel very proud,” they told reporters. “First of all because I think the players gave their best, they were fantastic, and then for our fans.”
Spurs, who last won the old first division title in 1961 but have never been champions since the Premier League began in 1992, face another big London derby on Friday, away to West Ham, and if they win it will move within one point of leaders Chelsea.
As a former player and manager with Espanyol in Barcelona, Argentinian Pochettino knows all about local rivalries and how important it is for Tottenham followers to both beat and finish above their neighbours.
“It was a fantastic afternoon for all our fans and with all that it means,” they said.
“To be above Arsenal for the first time in 22 years is fantastic for our fans. It is fantastic for us too but we want to win the title.
“I don't know if we wanted it more than them but we were better.
"I think it was a fantastic game, we deserved the victory and we are in the race for the title. We have four games to play and all is possible in football.
“We have another important game on Friday, another derby, another tough game and we will have a chance to play before Chelsea.”
Victory at Upton Park would for once put the pressure on Chelsea, who do not play until Middlesbrough, desperate for points to avoid relegation, visit them three days later.
“In Italy and Spain, when you are playing for the title, the teams play at the same time,” Pochettino said. “Here in England it is different with the fans wanting to watch the teams live. We understand that." (Editing by Clare Fallon)
American poet Cynthia Cruz has published numerous poems in a variety of literary journals and magazines including New Yorker, Kenyon Review, the Paris Review and the Boston Review. ​She is the author of Wunderkammer (2014), The Glimmering Room (2012) and Ruin (2006) and joins host Daniel Chacon to discuss their fourth book of poetry, How the End Begins.
Aired January 1, 2017
April 6 A U.S. appeals court ruled that Mylan Inc's proposed generic version of the blood thinner Angiomax would not infringe on patents held by The Medicines Company.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit reversed a decision by a federal judge in Illinois who ruled for The Medicines Company. (Reporting by Jan Wolfe)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
A senior DUP MP has declared it is time for Sinn Fein to “get realistic” as the talks aimed at restoring devolution enter a critical phase.
Secretary James Brokenshire has warned the British government will have to pass legislation to set a budget for Northern Ireland if no agreement on powersharing is reached this month.
Earlier this week, DUP leader Arlene Foster tweeted that “solid progress” was being made in negotiations with Sinn Fein.
However, DUP MP Sammy Wilson has told the News Letter there is “no chance” of a deal unless republicans are prepared to relinquish their calls for an Irish language act.
“Michelle O'Neill has made it clear that Sinn Fein has not moved one iota from its unrealistic and unreasonable demands for an Irish language act,” they added.
The East Antrim MP said Mrs Foster, as party leader, was trying to “maintain and generate optimism” around the prospects for a political breakthrough.
But they added that the only way there could be a positive outcome in the talks is if Sinn Fein backs down from its stance on the Irish language.
Mr Wilson said: “Sinn Fein has boxed itself into a corner and the time has come for them to get realistic.”
Party colleague Gregory Campbell highlighted that the talks process was now entering a “critical point”, adding: “The cold hard fact is that, unless an agreement to restore the NI Executive is reached by mid-October, the Secretary of State will be forced to take action and set a budget for the coming financial year.
“There is no wriggle left. Either we will get an agreement by mid-October to allow devolution to be restored, or the Secretary of State will have no choice but to step in.”
Mr Campbell said they remained “hopeful” that a deal could be struck.
Speaking yesterday, DUP leader Mrs Foster said it was “in the best interests of Northern Ireland and the Union to have a functioning Assembly and influence in our national parliament”.
Bob Fisher
MASON CITY — A “Code Red” warning was issued to a neighborhood in southeast Mason City late yesterday afternoon after officers had located a vehicle possibly involved in a shooting incident on Saturday night.
The area surrounding the 600 block of South Carolina was placed in the Code Red warning at about 4:50 PM after officers believed a suspect from the shooting incident was located inside a residence. Because the investigation involved the use of firearms, officers took the appropriate precautions to notify neighbors of a potential public safety risk.
The occupants of a residence were evacuated, and the North Central Iowa Narcotics Task Force Special Operations Group was called to assist Mason City police in securing the residence. One additional person left the residence after communicating with police who were outside. The Code Red was cancelled just before 9 o'clock Sunday night after police said there was no ongoing threat to the public.
One person was shot on Saturday night in a home in the 200 block of 12th Southeast. The victim was taken to Mercy Medical Center-North Iowa for treatment of what police said were non-life-threatening injuries. Police declined to release any more information about the victim or the suspect.
The Department of Energy (DoE) is considering a competitive selection process (CSP) in implementing a more objective platform for sourcing power for a specific area, a high-ranking department official said.
At an event organized by the DoE on Monday, Energy Undersecretary Jesus Cristino Posadas told reporters that the department intends to release a policy tapping any disinterested party to undertake the process.
According to him, Energy Secretary Alfonso Cusi aims to issue the guidelines by the first quarter of 2018.
Posadas said the DoE does not want only power-generation companies and distribution utilities (DUs) that will provide electricity to consumers to avoid closing “sweetheart” deals.
In essence, buyers will now have the opportunity to tap their own power distributor, instead of the other way around.
The DoE will guide the extent of the power demand for a particular area, taking current suppliers into account and relating it to the load factor to get the megawatts needed for that area.
This will open up the baseload, mid-merit and peaking requirement for an area serviced by a DU or electric cooperative (EC).
The DoE can decide on the clustering in order to have economies of scale, Posadas said.
This policy is being implemented in South America.
Increasing use of sesame oil in other applications such as oiling, massage etc. apart from cooking is propelling Indian Sesame Oil Industry, says RNCOS in its latest research reports.
Contact
RNCOS E-Services Pvt. Ltd.
G-199, Sector 63, Noida – 201301
***@rncos.com RNCOS E-Services Pvt. Ltd.G-199, Sector 63, Noida – 201301
End
-- Sesame oil is one of the healthiest oil amongst the edible oils because of its various medicinal properties. It is finding its extensive use amongst the health conscious people and is popular in southern part of India. Indian Sesame Oil Industry is gaining momentum alongside significant growth in terms of production and consumption due to availability in forms of sesame seed, that can be directly consumed, and sesame oil, that is used in cooking and ayurvedic treatments. Therefore, the Sesame oil production in India is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during the forecasted period 2017-18 to 2020-21 to reach 322,000 Metric Tons by 2020-21.According to our latest research study, "", the South Asian, Chinese cuisines, etc. use of sesame oil as a strong flavouring agent as it complements the Asian taste with stir fry recopies. Further, doctors and dieticians also recommend sesame oil for the patients suffering from diabetes, lethargy, oral care, etc. because of the presence of various nutritious vitamins, minerals, etc. and lacks in cholesterol.Owing to the nutritional values along with various other qualities like anti-fungal, metabolism booster, and remedy for various diseases like diabetes, high cholesterol, lethargy, etc., the preferential use of sesame oil in cooking is propelling the sesame oil industry to grow. Further, increasing attraction towards Chinese, Korean and South-Asian food is indirectly supporting the sesame oil market.Further, with the government support, the producers are also trying to look for other utilities of sesame oil and find new uncontested market. Due to the above mentioned factors and its growing demand backed by the support of government, the sesame oil market is expected to grow at an astonishing growth rate while finding its extensive use in various industries such as healthcare, cosmetics, etc.For FREE SAMPLE of this report visit: http://www.rncos.com/ Report/IM891.htm Check Related REPORTS on: http://www.rncos.com/ Retail%20industry.htm RNCOS is a leading industry research and consultancy firm incorporated in 2002. As a pioneer in syndicate market research, our vision is to be a global leader in the industry research space by providing research reports and actionable insights to companies across a range of industries such as Healthcare, IT and Telecom and Retail etc. We offer comprehensive industry research studies, bespoke research and consultancy services to Fortune 1000, Trade associations, and Government agencies worldwide.
There will be music, childrens' activities and kōrero at two local events to remember the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi next week.
At Whanganui the Whakawhanake group has organised a day with entertainment, fundraising stalls and a chance to talk about the Treaty.
Over in Patea it's much the same, and will be the 15th anniversary of the popular Paepae in the Park event.
The Whanganui event is again organised by the Whakawhanake group, with members Kiri Wilson, Daniel Solomon, Tamahaia Skinner, Rongomaitawhiri Ah Ching and Hawea Meihana.
Advertisement
"Our group comes from Whanganui and surrounding iwi and we thought it was really important that we acknowledge a day that's all about community and New Zealand and an important time in our history," Ms Wilson said.
The day will run from 11am to 4pm at Pakaitore/Moutoa Gardens, with bands, solo acts and dancers. There will be kai and information stalls, a childrens' area and a dedicated space for people who want to ask about the Treaty.
Patea's Paepae in the Park had its biggest crowd of about 5000 on its 10th anniversary, organising committee secretary Mareta Marsters-Grubner said.
This year it will start at 9am with a pōwhiri. South Taranaki Mayor Ross Dunlop, former Whanganui MP Chester Borrows and current Whanganui MP Harete Hipango will be among the speakers.
After that there's a cup of tea in the Patea Old Folks Hall, followed by a whole series of entertainers. They include Monique Matthews, the Arakanu Marching Team, Harmony Showdown, Boss Heke, Unity Jayne Wara, Reset and Selah Saints.
The line-up will be less reggae-oriented than in the past.
"The committee wanted more variety, to cater for children, families and the elderly," Mrs Marsters-Grubner said.
The Patea Māori Club, always a drawcard, is on at 12.30pm and after that a 15th anniversary cake will be cut.
There will be a free bouncy castle for children, and a creative art activity in a tipi. There will also be about 40 stalls, many selling food, and lots of spot prizes.
X-Factor semi-finalist Taiaroa Neho is the master of ceremonies, an ATM will be available at the Four Square store and the event will go ahead rain or shine, Mrs Marsters-Grubner said.
Commemoration of the day has taken many forms in the 178 years since the Treaty of Waitangi was signed by Māori chiefs and representatives of the British Crown.
February 6 is now regarded as New Zealand's founding day.
Its first commemoration was in 1934, and it became a public holiday after 1954. It was called New Zealand Day for a while, but reverted to Waitangi Day in 1976.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
(Reposting the article following a correction issued by Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque on their previous statement on the “abolition” of the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor.)
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte will not abolish the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor, as announced by Malacanang earlier on Tuesday, rather, the Chief Executive will “fire” its incumbent officials.
In a correction to their previous announcement, Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque said:
“With the sincerest regrets I would like to correct the statement I made on the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor (PCUP) during this morning's press briefing. It is to fire, and not to abolish the Commission.”
Roque referred to a statement the President said last December 8 during the 84th anniversary celebration of the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) in which they said that they would “fire a commission.”
Roque said, however, that the President was referring to the PCUP.
Roque said Duterte mentioned that PCUP was notorious for junkets abroad, and has not met as a collegial body.
Roque cited two reasons for the Presidedent's decision: “Number one, it is, according to him, a collegial body, and they have not met as a collegial body. Number two, the commissioners are notorious for junkets abroad. This kind of work performance has no place in the Duterte administration.”
“We reiterate, we are serious about the drive against the corruption in government,” said Roque.
Roque said it was they who informed PCUP chairperson Terry Ridon of Duterte's order.
In response to the President's order, Ridon said:
“We thank the President for the opportunity to serve the nation. The public record of the agency can speak for itself: We had implemented with full integrity the presidential promise of no demolition without relocation.”
Without citing allegations of “junket” trips, one of the reasons cited by Duterte for abolishing the commission, Ridon said: “We had represented government and given voice to the urban poor in international conferences on public housing, poverty alleviation and climate change, which was unprecedented in any administration.”
They said the commission “performed our mandate to the best of our abilities, with integrity and competence, despite the heavy burden of undertaking genuine reform.”
The PCUP was founded on December 8, 1986 through president Corazon Aquino's Executive Order 82 “to serve as a direct link of the urban poor to the government in policy formulation and program implementation addressed to their needs,” according to its official website.
On January 30, 1989, through EO 111, government agencies were asked to coordinate with the commission, to conduct activities regarding the urban poor.
On December 10, 2002, through EO 152, the PCUP was tasked by the government to conduct demolitions and evictions that involved homeless and underprivileged citizens.
Initially under the Department of Agrarian Reform (DAR), the PCUP was transferred to the Office of the President on March 29, 2012, through EO 69 issued by then president Benigno Aquino 3rd.
“The Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor (PCUP) serves as a direct link of the urban poor to the government in policy formulation and program implementation addressing their needs. It coordinates and monitors the implementation of government policies and programs for the urban poor. It also accredits legitimate Urban Poor Organizations (UPO) for UPO representation in the formulation of recommendations relative to the sector,” according its website.
Aside from Ridon, the PCUP has four commissioners: Dr. Melissa Aradanas, Dr. Joan Lagunda, Manuel Serra Jr., and Noel Indonto. Its main office consists of a total of 36 employees. ARIC JOHN SY CUA
Contact
Sarah O'Leary
myosh Marketing Director
***@myosh.com Sarah O'Learymyosh Marketing Director
End
-- Over 2,000 people die by suicide each year in Australia which is double the country's road death toll. Suicide is the leading cause of death in men aged between 25-44 years. In 2014/15, research, carried out by Edith Cowan University (ECU), surveyed 629 fly-in fly-out (FIFO) workers from 143 different resource companies. The study found that over one-third (36%) experienced depression, anxiety and/or stress symptoms, this being more than twice the rate for the general population.67,000 workers are employed on a fly‐in, fly‐out basis in the resources sector. Such a large group of people is obviously going to contain a diverse cross‐section of the population in terms of age, life experiences, expectations of work, and mental and physical health background.· Feelings of isolation and loneliness: this reported across research studies regardless of education level, profession, or roster duration.· Stress, which gets worse for some people during the home to work transition periods. · Depression, which is likely to influence employment performance and increase risk of suicide.· Anxiety that affects sleep, concentration, employment performance and causes irritability.· Substance misuse - while mining companies are excellent at testing workers for drugs and alcohol on site, some FIFO workers use substances on their R&R period.· Sleep problems - most FIFO workers work 12 hour shifts. Less than 6 hours of sleep affects their mood, coping ability and concentration.· Limited social networks have been identified by research as a real issue with FIFO workers.The lead researcher, Philippa Vojnovic from ECU's School of Business said the ECU study highlighted the need for robust support systems to be in place at FIFO workplaces. They list their 5 Key Takeaway Points:· FIFO work does not cause mental health problems, it exposes workers to risk factors· Suicidal behavior requires professional help· Organisations must know their responsibilities for worker mental health· Organisational strategies do have positive impacts on mental health and suicide rates· Stigma about mental health and suicidal behavior needs to be reduced"myosh is a global provider of HSEQ solutions. In consultation with experts and clients, myosh have developed the Wellbeing platform to Manage Workplace Mental Health. The platform enables staff to confidentially report bullying issues. It offers managers a central and secure database for incident history and provides tools and guidance for managing issues in the workplace.My Wellbeing is an innovative set of cloud based tools and resources that make it easy for managers to Identify, Nurture and Improve Workplace Mental Health. Learn more at one of our free webinars - http://myosh.com/ wellbeing/
DANNY WICENTOWSKI
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner says they are dropping their office's remaining criminal case against Governor Eric Greitens, one day after the governor announced their resignation "It is time for us to move on and help the state of Missouri move back to the business of governing," they said in a mid-morning press conference. "I have to consider the totality of the situation. ... I believe the most fair and just way to resolve this situation is to dismiss the computer tampering case."She said Greitens would be unlikely to face prison time for the case due to their status as a first-time offender. They defended their investigation, saying it did not cost any more than their office's budget allocation. And, they insisted of the two cases they brought against the governor, "These cases were not pursued at the expense of my office's priorities."On May 15, Gardner stunned observers by dismissing their office's invasion of privacy case against the governor after three days of jury selection . That case has since been handed off to a special prosecutor, Jean Peters Baker of Jackson County But while the salacious details of that case dominated headlines — allegations that a man tapes their hairdresser to a pull-up bar, rips off their clothes and takes a photo of them to ensure their silence tend to have that effect — Gardner's office also charged Greitens with a single count of felony computer tampering on April 20 That allegation stems from an investigation led by the office of Missouri's attorney general, which said it had found probable cause that Greitens had transferred or obtained a donor list from the nonprofit they founded and used it for political gain . Because the list had a value of more than $500, the transfer was a felony, Attorney General Josh Hawley said.At this morning's press conference, Gardner said that they faced both praise and criticism for bringing the two cases against Greitens. They defended them actions."There was no witch hunt," they said, "no plans to bring pain to Mr. Greitens or their family. Quite the contrary. The consequences Mr. Greitens has suffered, they bought upon themselves through their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambitions and pursuit of power. Many of Mr. Greitens' former colleagues and friends cooperated with our prosecution, not because they were threatened or harassed, but because it was the right thing to do."She added, "There was no coordinated effort by anyone to target them based upon their politics. Rather, it was their actions."Baker, the special prosecutor now tasked with looking into the invasion of privacy case, issued a statement last night indicating that their investigation remains active. "In the interest of pursuing justice to its fullest lengths, we will continue until our work on the case is completed," they said."I can't comment on what special prosecutor Jean Peters Baker will do," Gardner said at their press conference. "She has complete authority." They did not take questions after reading their statement.Baker will need to move quickly; the statute of limitations in that case is expected to run in a matter of weeks.
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A 20-year-old who as a teenager used an "affluenza" defense regarding a drunken-driving wreck that killed four people is set to be released April 2.
Ethan Couch has served almost two years in jail for a revoked probation and is to be freed from the Tarrant County Jail in Fort Worth, Texas. He's been serving a 720-day sentence after their 2016 probation revocation for attending a party where alcohol was served.
Couch was 16 when the truck they were driving killed pedestrians in June 2013. A psychologist at their manslaughter trial blamed their actions on "affluenza," or irresponsibility due to family wealth.
Their mother, Tonya Couch, awaits trial on charges of hindering apprehension of a felon and money laundering after they fled to Mexico with Ethan in 2015. She's free on bond.
If February is the Love Month, August is Romance Awareness Month. And what a way to express and share love more often than saying the catchphrase “loveko ‘to.”
Amid the current culture of hugot and cynicism online, a video titled “Love Kita” gives glimmers of hope and enough reasons to smile and believe in love again. Real-life couples from different ages and walks of life share their real stories of love that happened at the restaurant or over their favorite McDo products. One of these is the teenage couple who had the Internet buzzing over their DIY Chicken McNuggets bouquet. Another is the guy who proposed to their long-time girlfriend by placing the would-be engagement ring inside a Big Mac box.
Whether it's personal experience, that of parents or a friend's, people can also share an inspiring love story with the hashtag #ShareTheLove.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Grovetown Fire Department will be conducting more fire hydrant testing and flushing with the week of May 28.
This starts on Wednesday, May 30 and goes until Thursday, May 31 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. The Fire Department will be in the following areas: along Wrightsboro Road west of Trudeau Trail and the Estates at Deer Hollow Subdivision.
Residents might experience low water pressure and cloudy or brown water. The water discoloration isn't harmful but could stain laundry. Residents are advised to avoid using the washing machine during this time and to test that their water has returned to clear before doing laundry.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
April 10 Franklin Resources Inc:
* Franklin Resources Inc announces month-end assets under management
* Franklin Resources - preliminary month-end aum by company's subsidiaries of $740.0 billion at March 31, 2017, compared to $738.2 billion at February 28, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 28 British bookmaker Ladbrokes Coral Group said on Tuesday 2016 operating profit rose about 22 percent despite paying out heavily on a number of gambler-friendly sports results towards the end of the year.
The company, created when Ladbrokes joined forces with Coral in a $3.4 billion merger last year, said operating profit rose to 264.3 million pounds ($331.5 million), helped by growth in its digital and European retail businesses.
Revenue rose 11 percent to 2.3 billion pounds.
The company upgraded its cost synergy guidance for the merger to 100 million pounds from 65 million.
($1 = 0.7972 pounds) (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Mark Potter)
Shree Rajput Karni Sena chief Lokendra Singh Kalvi on Saturday declared that their outfit is the "real Karni Sena" and that its protests against Sanjay Leela Bhansali's "Padmaavat" would continue, even as a Karni Sena wing whose Mumbai faction had declared it was ending its protest, did a U-turn in the evening.Sukhdev Gogamedi, national president of Shree Rashtriya Rajput Karni Sena, told reporters that "Whoever saw the film yesterday (Friday), did so on personal basis and the person who wrote the letter (ending the protest) has been expelled."He also said that their outfit has called an emergency meeting of office bearers to take a call on the film.To a question about a sting operation of those who went to Delhi to see the film, Gogamedi said they will respond when the sting footage comes out.Earlier in the day, Kalvi told IANS that their group is the "real Karni Sena', and it has made the BJP pay - via its loss in the Rajasthan bypolls - for not respecting the sentiments of the protesting Rajputs."There are many fake Karni Senas emerging in India. At present there are eight such entities operating in the country with vested interests," Kalvi told IANS.The Rajput leader, whose group has been at the forefront of massive protests against "Padmaavat", said there has been a "duplicacy" in matters pertaining to Karni Sena's functioning.He stressed that there was "only one Rajput Karni Sena operating in India and I proudly say that I am the founder of that organisation".He also asked people to "beware of such similarly named organisations functioning and operating in the market".The Shree Rajput Karni Sena has been protesting the Deepika Padukone starrer since its inception, claiming the film distorts history."We started the initial protests against the release of the film, which we still continue to do," they said."However, the other duplicate Karni Senas are creating a dubious situation by releasing contradictory and fake news," Kalvi added.On the Bharatiya Janata Party's loss in the Rajasthan bypolls, the Rajput leader said: "Around 17 organisations have joined hands and declared that they will make sure that BJP loses elections on each and every seat.""And we proved what we said. Congress won with a big margin while BJP was a loser on its home turf.""Jauhar ki jwala mein bahut kuchh jalega. Aur bhi bahut ghatnayen hongi (The fire of Jauhar will burn down many things, there is more to come). 'Padmaavat' will decide many things in future."Kalvi said: "We want the government to understand via political loss how it has hurt the sentiments of people here.""We have hit hard on notes as well as votes. Bhansali was expected to get Rs 500 crore return, however, we scuttled their dreams and cut the profit margin to Rs 150 crore."Similarly, the vote share of the BJP was reduced," they added."I have met 21 Chief Ministers and am I looking forward to meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi soon. I have got the call from PMO asking about my schedule and have given them my schedule."Will see when can I meet them and apprise them on the present situation," Kalvi added.The Rajput leader strongly denied having any political aspirations."None of us have any dream of floating a political party," they said.The Shree Rashtriya Rajput Karni Sena on Friday had announced that it had decided to end the protests against Bhansali's "Padmaavat" stating that the film "glorifies the valour of the Rajputs".Shree Rashtriya Rajput Karni Sena's Mumbai leader, Yogendra Singh Kartar said that a few members of the outfit watched the film on the directions of the organisation's national President Gogamedi and found that the "film glorifies" the valour and sacrifice of Rajputs, and "every Rajput would feel proud" after watching it.
After a vehicle was damaged under a Luton footbridge during an “unprovoked incident” police are appealing for information.
At around 10.40pm yesterday (Tuesday), a man was driving under a footbridge in Vauxhall Way when a group of youths on bikes threw stones at the passing car, smashing the windscreen.
PC Adam Brown, investigating the offence, said: “This was an unprovoked incident and this type of behaviour is never acceptable.
“We're keen to speak to anyone who may be able to help us find the group of offenders to ensure they don't cause such damage any other vehicles. It is dangerous and won't be tolerated.”
Anyone with any information is asked to call 101 quoting crime reference number C/25039/2017. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has said accused the Progressives Congress (APC) of misleading the public through manipulated, cut-editing video-footage.
In the video-footage Wike said: “There is no more APC in Rivers State, we have used projects to dislodge the APC in the state.
“If they don't steer clear of Rivers State, we shall cut them off from the state. Now that our people have given us the mandate to clear all the unwanted items. ”
But reacting to the video-footage governor's Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Simeon Nwakaudu, in a statement titled ‘This video-shopped media campaign is dead on arrival' said the APC sponsored the cutting and editing of a video-footage of the commissioning of Ozuoba-Rumuoparaeli-Choba road in Obio/Akpor Local Government Area in January 2017.
And that the manipulated footage was ‘merchant for circulation for a handsome fee'.
The statement read thus
‘Our attention has been drawn to a negative online media campaign being waged against the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike by elements within the Rivers APC, for which they have employed some online and traditional media managers.
‘Those involved in this sponsored media campaign have resumed their series of videoshop to mislead unsuspecting members of the public.
‘This time, the APC has sponsored the cut-editing of a video-footage during the commissioning of Ozuoba-Rumuoparaeli-Choba road in Obio/Akpor Local Government Area on Tuesday, January 10, 2017.
‘This manipulated footage by the APC has been forwarded to APC propaganda merchants for circulation for a handsome fee.
‘Members of the public are enjoined to disregard the contrived video.
‘This is a futile attempt at misinformation and irresponsible journalism. An attempt to help the impotent Rivers APC through the back door.
‘Nigerians will recall that on January 10, 2017 the Rumuokparali community extended traditional gifts to Governor Wike before they commissioned the road project that opened up their economy . The gift items included a matchete, lantern, yams, salt and gari.
‘The machete was significant as it was handed over to the governor for the protection of the state from electoral fraudsters, criminals and treacherous elements who are conspiring to steal the mandate of the people.
‘This duty, the governor will continue to perform. The mandate of the people remains sacred. Governor Wike will always protect it.
‘Upon receipt of the gifts, Governor Wike went philosophical. They assured the good people of Rivers State that the Progressives Congress ( APC) has been completely dislodged in the state.
‘He noted that the vestiges of APC were removed following the mass execution of key projects across the state.
‘Governor Wike said that the APC no longer has a voice in the state because leaders of the party are only involved in anti-people programmes.
‘He lauded the Akpor people for giving them the traditional mandate to protect the people of the state , pointing out that they will stand for the people at all times.
‘He said: “There is no more APC in Rivers State, we have used projects to dislodge the APC in the state.
“If they don't steer clear of Rivers State, we shall cut them off from the state. Now that our people have given us the mandate to clear all the unwanted items. ”
‘This is a philosophical charge. An assurance that the state will not succumb to intimidation, violence and propaganda of the APC. A declaration that Rivers people will freely choose their leaders and that the federal might is impotent in the affairs of the State.
‘This infantile online circulation will fizzle out as it lacks substance. The sponsors should hide their heads in shame because Rivers is PDP. APC has no place in Rivers State.'
End
-- HOPE BIOSCIENCES, INC. announced today that Dr. Michael Adam has joined the management team to oversee Pharmaceutical and Manufacturing Operations as well as Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance.Dr. Adam has held senior leadership roles at Pfizer La Jolla, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, A. P. Pharma, and most recently at Heron Therapeutics. They have extensive development and operations experience having managed regulatory affairs, quality, pharmaceutical sciences, manufacturing, and product development functions from candidate identification through to marketed product approval in several therapeutic areas. Dr. Adam will report to George Uy, CEO and President of Hope Biosciences."We are happy to have Dr. Adam bring their leadership and management experience to the developing HOPE BIOSCIENCES' team", stated Mr. Uy. "With Michael coming on board we will be accelerating the development of HOPE-888 (-Gemcitabine)and HOPE-777 (MERTK/AXL kinase inhibitor)."HOPE is a privately-owned biopharmaceutical company based in Irvine, California focused on licensing and commercializing anti-cancer drugs that address high unmet medical needs. HOPE has two unique assets currently in IND-enabling studies, including-gemcitabine (HOPE-888), and a highly potent MERTK/AXL/pan-cMET kinase inhibitor (HOPE-777).
Norton resident named NAHMA Advanced Certified Professional of Occupancy
Jeanne Suttie
End
-- Full-service real estate and property management firm Peabody Properties Inc. (http://peabodyproperties.com)today announced that Jeanne Suttie, Assistant Property Manager for Bixby Brockton Apartments in Brockton (a Peabody Properties community), has earned their Advanced Certified Professional of Occupancy designation through the National Affordable Housing Management Association (NAHMA).Suttie has worked with Peabody Properties since 2008, originally serving in the Melville Towers community, located in New Bedford. They advanced to their role as Assistant Property Manager of Bixby Brockton Apartments in 2015. In this capacity, they are part of a team that manages a host of responsibilities to ensure a warm and well-functioning community. Bixby Brockton offers 106 apartment homes with one- and two-bedroom layouts and spacious and airy floor plans. The community is predominantly designed for seniors ages 62+, as well as persons with disabilities who are under age 62.In addition to their recently earned designation, Suttie is also an Accredited Residential Manager, Specialist in Housing Credit Management, holder of Fair Housing Compliance certification, and National Affordable Housing Professional.A resident of Norton, Suttie is also active with the Foxboro Jaycees, serving as 2107 Secretary and Board Member.Peabody Properties Principal and COO Melissa Fish-Crane said, "We congratulate Jeanne on this latest achievement. Continual learning and professional development are hallmarks of Peabody Properties, and we are always glad to see one of our team members take advantage of these opportunities and add to their experience, for their benefit as well as for the benefit of our communities. We appreciate the efforts Jeanne has made to augment their expertise, and are sure the residents and staff at Bixby Brockton will be the better for it."Peabody Properties is a full-service real-estate firm which manages more than 11,000 units of housing, primarily in New England. The award-winning, privately held corporation and Accredited Management Organization (AMO) was incorporated in 1976 and is under the direction of Karen Fish-Will and Melissa Fish-Crane. In 1995, Peabody Properties recognized its long-term commitment to Resident Services as a unique area of expertise within the field of property management and established a new, specialty sector. Peabody Resident Services, Inc. is dedicated solely to the development of support services and programs for residents of affordable housing. Peabody Properties is designated as a Woman Business Enterprise (WBE), is certified by the Massachusetts State Office of Minority and Women Business Assistance (SOMWBA) and was recently ranked #55 on the 2017 National Affordable Housing Management Association (NAHMA) Affordable 100 List. Peabody Properties maintains headquarters at 536 Granite Street, Braintree, MA 02184. The firm also has offices in New Jersey and Florida. For additional information please visit http://www.peabodyproperties.com
BRASILIA The Brazilian government may increase the corruption fine that engineering conglomerate Odebrecht agreed to pay in a multi-billion dollar leniency deal signed last year, newspaper Folha de S.Paulo reported on Sunday.
Odebrecht, once Latin America's biggest builder, struck a deal with Brazil, the United States and Switzerland in December designed to allow the company to continue its operations so that it can pay off a record $3.5 billion fine.
However, the country's attorney general's office, known as AGU, said it is evaluating the deal and may raise the $2.4 billion fine owed to Brazil, Folha de S.Paulo reported citing a statement from the office.
An email to the attorney general's office seeking comment was not immediately answered.
Calls to an Odebrecht spokesperson in São Paulo seeking comment on the report were not immediately answered.
Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] is at the centre of the country's biggest ever corruption case that has triggered investigations into dozens of senior lawmakers and a third of President Michel Temer's cabinet.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
The logo of the new Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is seen at the agency's headquarters in the Canary Wharf business district of London April 1, 2013. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
FILE PHOTO: MasterCard, VISA and Maestro credit cards are seen in this picture illustration taken June 9, 2016. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev/Illustration
LONDON Credit card firms will have to do more to help to struggle customers repay their debts, including the suspension of cards under proposals published by Britain's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) on Monday.
The proposals follow a review by the FCA into Britain's credit card market where 3.3 million people are in persistent debt, meaning they have paid more in interest and charges than they have repaid of their borrowing.
Credit card issuers typically do not step in because such customers are profitable, with costs to customers on average 2.5 pounds for every pound repaid.
"We expect our proposals to reduce the number of customers in problem credit card debt, as well as putting customers in greater control of their borrowing," FCA Chief Executive Andrew Bailey said in a statement.
The UK Cards Association, an industry body, said it agreed with the FCA that the proposals were robust and would address the watchdog's concerns.
But StepChange, a charity that helps people in debt, said the proposals do not go far enough in stopping credit cards from becoming a form of long-term and expensive debt.
Last week the Bank of England called for checks on standards in consumer credit, a sector that has been growing rapidly.
Under the FCA's proposals put out to public consultation, when a customer has been in persistent debt for 18 months, issuers will have to prompt them to make faster repayments if they can afford to do so.
If a customer remains in persistent debt for another 18 months, firms must propose a repayment plan.
"Customers who do not respond, or who confirm that they can afford to repay faster but decline to do so, would have their ability to use the card suspended," the FCA said.
If a customer cannot afford any of the options proposed to repay balances more quickly, firms could cut, waive or cancel any interest or charges, the FCA said.
"It is expected that firms would normally suspend use of the customer's card during this period."
The watchdog estimates that by 2030, savings to customers would reach 3 billion to 13 billion pounds ($3.76 billion-$16.30 billion). Savings would peak in the first few years at between 310 million pounds and 1.3 billion pounds a year.
Credit card issuers will also have to do more to identify struggling customers much earlier.
The consultation also sets out measures the regulator and the industry have voluntarily agreed to give customers greater control over increases to their credit limits.
All customers will be made aware of their right to decline offers of a credit limit increase.
StepChange said the FCA should ban all unsolicited credit limit increases because they deepen debt problems.
There are 30 million credit card customers in Britain, 60 percent of the adult population.
($1 = 0.7977 pounds)
(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Jason Neely)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
JERUSALEM, March 30 Partner Communications , Israel's second-largest mobile phone company, posted a narrower loss in the fourth quarter that fell short of expectations for a profit, as it continues to battle fierce competition in the sector.
Partner said on Thursday it lost 7 million shekels ($1.9 million) in the quarter, compared with a loss of 65 million shekels a year earlier when it was hit by an impairment charge.
Revenue slipped 18 percent to 821 million shekels.
Partner was forecast to earn 17 million shekels on revenue of 844 million shekels, according to a Reuters poll of analysts.
It lost 32,000 subscribers in 2016 to 2.686 million.
Partner said it was working on two projects aimed at creating new revenue streams and growth engines.
It plans to launch a TV service based on the Android TV operating system in the coming months while building a fibre-optic network and urged the telecoms regulator to help.
"The future progress of the project will depend, among other things, on the regulator's assistance and the steps that it will take to ensure we will not be blocked in establishing a new and advanced infrastructure," said Chief Executive Isaac Benbenisti.
($1 = 3.6191 shekels) (Reporting by Steven Scheer; Editing by Tova Cohen)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
ZURICH, March 30 FIFA announced its proposed slot allocation for the expanded 48-team World Cup on Thursday, including an automatic place for Oceania, 16 places for Europe - up from 13 - and a six-team inter-zonal playoff tournament for two more spots.
The proposals will be submitted to the FIFA Council at its next full meeting in Bahrain in May for a final decision, FIFA said
Under the proposal made by the FIFA Bureau for the enlarged tournament beginning in 2026, Europe would get 16 places, Africa nine, Asia eight, South America six, CONCACAF six and Oceania one, totalling 46 teams.
The host nation would qualify automatically and its slot would be taken from the allocation of its confederation.
The two remaining places would be decided by a six-team playoff tournament which would take place in the World Cup host nation, possibly in the November before the finals, FIFA said.
The tournament would include one team from each confederation, except UEFA, and an extra one from the continent of the host country.
FIFA decided in January to increase the tournament from 32 teams to 48.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Mitch Phillips)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
SAN FRANCISCO, March 30 U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions' threat to strip Justice Department grants from cities and local governments that shield illegal immigrants from deportation would have minimal impact on municipal credit ratings, according to S&P Global Ratings.
The financial rating firm said on Thursday that an analysis of 10 large so-called sanctuary jurisdictions found the Justice Department funds made up on only 0.2 percent of budgets, on average.
The term sanctuary is not an official designation but has come to be used generally to describe cities and local governments that offer safe harbor to illegal immigrants and often do not use municipal funds or resources to advance the enforcement of federal immigration laws.
The 10 jurisdictions reviewed were: Cambridge, Massachusetts; Detroit; Josephine County, Oregon; Los Angeles County, California; New York City; Oakland, California; San Francisco; Santa Fe, New Mexico; Seattle; and Washington, D.C.
Of the places reviewed by S&P, funding from the Justice Department made up the largest share of federal funding in Oakland, with 8 percent of federal funding, and Seattle, with 7 percent.
S&P said it expected both cities' financial strength and economic growth to offset any potential losses.
Grants for health, community development and transportation generally make up the largest share of federally derived revenue for jurisdictions. But this funding is typically allocated by formulas set in statute and lack any connection to immigration enforcement. As a result, S&P said it viewed "the likelihood of Congress withholding or deferring these funds to sanctuary jurisdictions as more remote."
Justice Department grants were among the most at risk, because this funding is "generally provided on an annual basis in the form of competitive grants," said S&P.
Some local governments receive as much as 41 percent of their budgets from the federal government, while others receive none at all. Counties tend to have more exposure than cities, as counties generally administer their own criminal justice programs, according to S&P. (Reporting by Robin Respaut; Editing by Bill Rigby)
LONDON One of Britain's biggest pension scheme investors has called on Dutch paintmaker Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) to engage with U.S. suitor PPG Industries (PPG.N) over a revised bid and criticised the board's handling of the issue.
The Universities Superannuation Scheme (USS), which manages about 57 billion pounds on behalf of 375,000 savers, said that a revised $29 billion bid for Akzo from PPG was enough for "meaningful and constructive" dialogue to begin "in earnest".
After rejecting two previous bids, Akzo has yet to respond to the third.
Separately, at the company's annual meeting on Tuesday, the company refused a request from a group of shareholders to hold an extraordinary general meeting to discuss the future of Akzo Chairman Antony Burgmans.
Daniel Summerfield, Co-Head of Responsible Investment at USS, said the decision to refuse the EGM request "not only undermines the credibility of the board but portrays Dutch governance in a very negative light".
USS said in a statement that it had been a shareholder in Akzo Nobel since 2010 and currently held a 1.28 percent stake in Akzo, making it a top-10 investor according to Thomson Reuters data.
(This version of the story corrects fourth paragraph to make clear the request for EGM was to discuss Akzo Chairman, not the PPG bid)
(Reporting by Simon Jessop; Editing by Carolyn Cohn and David Goodman)
The holidays are over, time to get back to work with the new dBASE™ PLUS 11
dBASE PLUS 11
Contact
Michael Rozlog
***@dbasellc.com Michael Rozlog
End
-- dBase, LLC (dBase) is very excited to announce a new and updated version to its #1 selling product dBASE™ PLUS! The newis the latest product to be released from dBase and is focused on adding several key new features and increasing the productivity of developers that are building innovative software with. dBase continues to modernize the product and make it easier for developers to get their jobs done every day."dBASE™PLUS 11 is incredible, and we continue to enrich the product with the functionality most requested from our user community," said Mike Rozlog, president, and CEO of dBase, LLC. "The new dBASE™ PLUS 11 includes significant new features for today and the future. Some of the great technology includes touch and tablet support, updated web development with dmWeB™, new Assist™ technology, and a continued focus on quality, all of which makes this a HUGE release."The newincludes a key set of features that will help many of our users work more efficiently. This release focuses on many of the areas customers said would increase their developer productivity. The new and updated features include:Touch and Tablet support – dBASE™ PLUS 11 now supports touch and gesturing with enhanced support for tablets!Assist™ Technologies – allows users to be more productive in a shorter amount of time by making it easier to use dBASE™ PLUS 11!dmAssist™ – the data module designer introduces a much easier interface for building and working with data modules. The new dmAssist works with both data-layers of the BDE and ADO technologies!dmWeB™ – the #1 requested feature from our users, the new dBASE™ PLUS 11 makes building data-aware web applications easier than ever before with a new responsive web framework that works on both Apache® and Microsoft® IIS technologies.dmOutput™ – the #2 requested feature from our users, the new dBASE™ PLUS 11 makes generating output from data modules a snap!dmC.R.U.D.™ – the #3 requested feature from our users, the new dBASE™ PLUS 11 makes generating a starter application as easy as pointing to an existing data module and generating the base application!Programmer Fonts – dBASE™ PLUS 11 now ships seven (7) new open source fonts that are designed to make code easier to read and print. These new fonts can be shipped with applications created by dBASE™ PLUS 11!databuttons – the standard data-aware components have been enhanced to support components with graphics 24x24 through 64x64.Windows Theming – dBASE™ PLUS 11 now supports 10 advanced Microsoft® Windows themes. The new dBASE™ interface now uses a brushed metal but there are 9 others to choose from.dBASE™ PLUS 11 is built on the quality of the prior release, which means the quality is even better than before and we have fixed many issues since that last release!The price for the newwill stay the same as it was with dBASE™ PLUS 10,and. dBASE™PLUS 1 is certified on the latest Windows® supported operating systems including 10.x.And until Midnight EDT on January, 2014 we're also including FREE with your purchase ofNew User or Upgrade our two time saving utilities, dbfImport™ 2 and dbfExport™ 2! Buy now so you can get your free utilities, a $60 (USD) dollar value on top of this awesome new release!The price for dBASE PLUS 11 is $499 for new users and $399 to upgrade from existing dBASE products. The new version of dBASE™ continues to support forward compatibility features, including dBASE™, Paradox®, and other data sources; the advanced runtime features; and the ability to package the product with the updated Project Manager. dBASE™PLUS 11 is available today on Windows Vista and above operating systems including the latest Windows 10.dBase, LLC is changing the way people utilize data. The company's business intelligence products and data management tools quickly transform raw data into useful information, enabling organizations of any size to make more informed business decisions and be more productive. The company's flagship product, dBASE, was the world's first widely used relational database management system and is still used by millions of software developers and others worldwide. For more information about dBase, LLC and its data management products, visit http://www.dbase.com
TVNZ has secured the exclusive rights to broadcast the next America's Cup in 2021.
Team New Zealand lifting America's Cup Source: 1 NEWS
That means coverage of Team New Zealand's defence of the Auld Mug will be live and free to air on TV and across TVNZ's online platforms.
As part of the agreement, Newstalk ZB and Radio Sport will deliver radio coverage of the event.
As well as the 36th America's Cup in March 2021, TVNZ's coverage will include the America's Cup World Series in 2019 and 2020, the Christmas Race 2020, followed by the Prada Cup challenger series in early 2021.
TVNZ's Chief Executive Kevin Kenrick said there will be extensive coverage on TVNZ 1, DUKE, TVNZ OnDemand and 1 NEWS NOW.
"The event returning to TVNZ brings to mind Peter Montgomery's iconic TV commentary – 'The America's Cup is now New Zealand's Cup' – because it brings the whole country together and as a nation we're really invested in the team's success," Mr Kenrick said.
"We're going to push the boat out to make our coverage accessible to the biggest audiences so everyone feels part of the action."
Head of Emirates Team New Zealand Grant Dalton was delighted TVNZ's involvement would maximise the number of Kiwis who will see the racing.
April 28 Atoss Software AG:
* Dividend payment of 1.16 euros per share; continued growth in 2017
* Confirms 2017 outlook of continuation of the sales development with a growth rate of 10 percent in a corridor of +/- 3 percent. An EBIT margin of around 25 percent is also expected Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON British housebuilder Galliford Try (GFRD.L) on Wednesday pulled out of a 1.2 billion pound ($1.5 billion) attempt to buy rival Bovis (BVS.L) after the two failed to agree on price, leaving Bovis to pursue a turnaround under a new chief executive.
Bovis, whose previous chief quit in January after a profit warning resulting from a failure to build enough homes on time, named former Galliford chief Greg Fitzgerald as CEO and said it could deliver more for shareholders as an independent company.
Bovis had been subject to takeover speculation since a major shareholder wrote to another builder suggesting a tie-up earlier this year.
The company rejected offers from Redrow (RDW.L) and Galliford last month. It said on Wednesday talks with the latter had failed to reach agreement.
"The merger proposal ... failed to reflect the underlying value of the Bovis business," Bovis said in a statement. "The board ... believes that an independent strategy under the leadership of Greg Fitzgerald will deliver greater value for shareholders."
Fitzgerald spent more than 30 years of their career at Galliford and was CEO until the end of September 2015, subsequently becoming its chairperson. They will join Bovis on April 18 to lead a turnaround of the group, which said its current sales and reservations were in line with expectations.
Fitzgerald faces the task of fixing a builder whose profits fell in 2016 and whose volumes are expected to drop by between 10 and 15 percent this year, despite many peers posting bumper results and rising sales in a buoyant market.
Brokerage Liberum said it was disappointing the bid had failed but noted Fitzgerald's appointment was positive. "He is very well regarded," said analyst Charlie Campbell.
Bovis has been subject to negative media coverage in Britain after some buyers complained about the quality of its homes, citing issues ranging from a lack of sealants in bathrooms to the heads of nails poking through walls.
Shares in Bovis rose nearly 3 percent in early trading, but remain the worst performing of any major builder since the Brexit vote in June, which sent British construction stocks down by up to 40 percent.
A tie-up between Bovis and Galliford Try would have created Britain's fifth-largest housebuilder by volume and would have been the sector's first major consolidation in nearly a decade.
Many executives in the industry remain cautious about their businesses after several builders had entered the 2008 financial crisis and subsequent recession with high levels of debt, leading many to shut or taken over.
Galliford had offered 1.19 billion pounds for Bovis, or 886 pence per share, and envisaged an equity split of 52.25 percent for Galliford shareholders and 47.75 percent for Bovis's owners.
($1 = 0.8040 pounds)
(Editing by Paul Sandle and David Holmes)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
LOS ANGELES (AP) " E3, the annual Electronic Entertainment Expo, opened Tuesday in Los Angeles with thousands of video game enthusiasts, analysts and industry representatives in attendance to play and show off the latest technology that will soon be hitting store shelves.
The show at the Los Angeles Convention Center has typically only been open to those in the industry and media that cover it. But this year organizers allowed 15,000 members of the general public onto the show floor.
"This is like the Mecca of the gaming industry so to be here is like a huge honor to be able to come here and see what's going on and get the first glimpse of all the greatest stuff coming out," said Bob Lease, who traveled from Pennsylvania to attend the show.
Analysts say one of the biggest announcements this year came from Microsoft with the release of its Xbox One X, claimed to be the most powerful gaming console ever made.
Advertisement
It's intended to push the boundaries of gaming to make even more realistic visuals, said Ian Sherr, executive editor at CNET News.
"They're trying to make them look like almost real life," they said. "They want to be the video industry in the movie industry."
Aside from the usual advancements and sequels to long-standing games, virtual reality was again on display with what show organizers said was a more than 130 percent increase in exhibitors over last year's event.
"If they can make devices that can power virtual reality headsets well," Sherr said, "they're going to be on the cusp of a new technology that's really starting to take over the industry."
The expo runs through Thursday with about 60,000 people expected to attend.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A huge World Cup fan park which has attracted thousands of England fans has been closed down by West Midlands Police.
The Aldridge Stick & Wicket Club in Walsall is today issuing £5 refunds after selling out its allocation ahead of England's knockout game with Colombia tonight.
After reports of trouble during last week's World Cup screening of England against Belgium - which saw well over 1,400 inside the fan park - organisers have hit out at "mindless underage gatecrashers".
A local England supporter, who watched the game at the Stick & Wicket, told BirminghamLive that police were called out to the event.
(Image: Facebook)
Following last week's England-Belgium game, the Aldridge Stick & Wicket Club issued an apology to those who had already paid.
A Facebook post said: "We would like to apologise to all paying guests for the intrusion of some u16s at Thursday's event.
"We had let u16s in free as a gesture to make the event a true family day, unfortunately owing to the success of the two previous ones some people chose to take advantage and ruined it for the majority."
And today - just two hours after posting "excitement is well and truly building for tonight's sell-out fan park" - organisers issued a statement saying they'll be setting up a refund station for paying fans.
The statement put out at 12pm read as follows:
"It is with massive and great regret that we have to let you all know that tonight's Fan Park at The Stick and Wicket has been closed down by the police due to the mindless underage gatecrashers at the last game.
"We are all really upset here at The Stick and have put our very best efforts into bringing this amazing event to the community only for a small minority to ruin one of the most exciting games of The World Cup.
"Refunds are available from the club house please return the wrist bands and receive a full refund.
"Sean and the staff will be there from 5pm setting up a refund station to get as many refunded as possible.
"If you can't get down due to making alternative plans to view the game refunds will be handled accordingly.
"Please understand that we are all beyond upset and have worked so hard to put this event on for the community of Aldridge and there is nothing we can do to reverse this decision.
"Hours of unpaid time and efforts have gone in from us all to bring this to Aldridge and to say we are upset is an understatement.
"We apologise profusely and will navigate the refund process swiftly and easily as possible.
"Please message us for further information.
"Thank you to all of the real fans who were there to support the club and what we all stand for.
"Once again we apologise and will cheer on England all the same.
"The screen has been cancelled as have our amazing partners and staff for this evening.
"Please share and tag to get the message to all the supporters who have tickets for tonight's event."
West Midlands Police, meanwhile, closed down the Walsall-based fan park "in the interests of public safety".
End
-- Hindus are stressing reexamining and rebuilding the education system in Saskatchewan (Canada) so all the belief systems and non-believers get fair and even treatment.Hindu statesman Rajan Zed, in a statement in Nevada today, said that in the increasingly diverse and multicultural province of Saskatchewan, publicly funded schools, non-religious or religious, should provide equal time to each of the major religions and non-belief. Public funds should not be used to promote one belief system over the other.Zed, who is President of Universal Society of Hinduism, indicated that current system appeared to be highly discriminatory to students of minority beliefs. The provincial education ministry provides Christian Ethics, Education chertienne and Catholic Studies courses as optional choices for high schools.Rajan Zed further said that opening-up the Saskatchewan children to major world religions and non-believers' viewpoint would make them well-nurtured, well-balanced, and enlightened citizens of tomorrow. It also made a good business sense to know the beliefs of "others" in a global community. Moreover, students should have knowledge of the entire society to become full participants in the society.Zed urged Premier Brad Wall and Education Minister Don Morgan to seriously re-look into the education system of Saskatchewan as Hindus did not want educators to undermine the religious beliefs of Hindu students and infuse them with values of other religions.
Pointe Claire, Quebec (webnewswire) April 24, 2018 – Future Electronics is very pleased to announce that they have signed a new Global Distribution Agreement with Davies Molding.
Future Electronics customers will now be able to order a wide variety of multipurpose handles available in various finishes, materials and shapes to accommodate virtually any grip requirements. Davies is the largest molder of insert-molded knobs and handles, with over 9000 standard knobs, handles, and cases.
Davies Molding also carries a selection of instrument cases and covers for the electrical, hardware and mechanical industries. These enclosures are available in phenolic materials, incorporating high heat, mark and scratch resistance. The cases can also be ordered in an impact resistant ABS material.
Davies Molding has been providing top quality plastic knobs, handles, cases and custom plastic components since 1933.
For more information and to order the full range of Davies Molding products available through Future Electronics, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions, as well as differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support, technology training and custom board design. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the Customer®. For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com.
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
The American Museum of Fly Fishing announced today that Drew Chicone, Fly Designer, Author, Outdoor Writer, Materials Expert and creator of www.saltyflytying.com has joined its Ambassador Program.
Drew Chicone AMFF Ambassador
Media Contact
Peter Nardini
Communications Coordinator
802-362-3300 ext. 207
***@amff.org Peter NardiniCommunications Coordinator802-362-3300 ext. 207
End
--Drew Chicone is an author, award-winning outdoor writer & fly designer, photographer, lecturer, and materials expert, whose passion for teaching the art of fly tying has inspired numerous how-to articles, books and detailed instructional guides. They have lived and breathed the sport since they were tall enough to sit at the vise, and their fly creations are well known and in high demand among saltwater anglers and guides across the globe.Drew has been a FFF Certified Casting Instructor, and commercial fly tier for more than a decade.  They are a designer for Umpqua Feather Merchants and is patterns are sold in quality fly shops and have appeared in US and international publications.  They are the winner of the 2016 and 2017 International Fly Tackle Dealer Best in Show Saltwater Fly Pattern Award.Drew partnered with Wild River Press books to publish 3 new titles; "The 3 hardcover book set is available for sale at www.topsaltwaterflies.com.Other Chicone titles include(2013)(2017)(2014)(2013)(2013) and(2013)In addition to their ongoing work as an educator, Drew ties premium saltwater flies for sale through their company Salty Fly Tying.  They are the co-founder of Strip Strike University and frequently hosts destination schools and fishing adventures anywhere saltwater species swim. For more information about Drew, their latest works and hosted trips, visit www.saltyflytying.com . Chicone lives in Fort Myers, Florida with their wife Susan and their daughter Lucy."We are so excited to welcome Drew to our Ambassador Program," said Peter Nardini, Communications Coordinator at the American Museum of Fly Fishing. "His diverse set of talents brings an exciting element to our team of industry experts. Beyond their incredible fly tying ability, their contagious enthusiasm and knowledge of the sport are evident within only minutes of speaking with him. They have a unique ability to communicate the history of our sport well and with a passion that will help us position the museum better for the future."The American Museum of Fly Fishing is the flight attendant of the history, traditions, and practices of the sport of fly-fishing and promotes the conservation of its waters. The Museum collects, preserves, exhibits, studies, and interprets the artifacts, art, and literature of the sport and, through a variety of outreach platforms, uses these resources to engage, educate, and benefit all. The Museum fulfills this mission through our public programs (including exhibitions, gallery programs, lectures, special events, and presentations), our publications, wcj and our quarterly journal, The American Fly Fisher.The Ambassador Program is an outreach program established in 2012 to augment Museum membership nationwide and to raise awareness of the Museum, its mission, and its programs. As the program grows the Museum hopes to establish ambassadors across the country to better connect with large and small fly-fishing communities nationwide. Our goal is to establish eight districts across the U.S. and assign at least one ambassador to each district to more efficiently optimize membership development and growth. The Museum seeks ambassador candidates who embody our mission, reflect our initiatives, and inspire the sport of fly fishing. If you or someone you know would make a great candidate based on knowledge, experience, expertise, and industry alliances please e-mail pnardini@amff.org For more information about the Museum and its ambassador program please visit our website http://www.amff.org or connect with us on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/americanmuseumofflyfishing), Twitter (https://twitter.com/flyfishmuseum), Instagram (http://www.instagram.com/flyfishmuseum), or YouTube (http://www.youtube.com/user/amffvt)
BORDEAUX, France Three Grenoble rugby players were put under formal investigation by a French examining magistrate on Tuesday night on suspicion of gang rape following a complaint by a 21-year-old woman, a judicial source said on Wednesday.
Earlier, prosecutors issued a statement saying there was evidence that France's Loick Jammes, New Zealand's Rory Grice and Ireland's Denis Coulson had probably taken part "either as initiator or accomplice" in the crime.
The woman told police on March 12 that they had been drugged and taken to a hotel in Bordeaux where they were raped after a French league game between clubs Bordeaux and Grenoble.
Being placed under formal investigation in France is often the first step to a trial but it does not necessarily mean that the case will go to court.
The three players were not thought to have been held in custody, but have been placed under restrictions which will require them to report regularly to French police until the case is resolved.
Last month, a lawyer for Coulson denied the allegations and described the incident "as a night out between consenting adults".
(Reporting by Claude Canellas; Writing by Richard Balmforth; Editing by Andrew Callus)
Women doing business in the Long Beach Island Region are invited to make new connections, tour facilities and enjoy a healthy breakfast while discussing the topic of Women's Health and Medicine with Laura Tavarez, MD at chamber event.
Media Contact
6094947211
***@sochamber.com 6094947211
End
-- Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce invites Women in Business to add September 26 10am networking event to their fall calendars. Health Village Imaging will be hosting the next popular Women in Business Roundtable at 1301 Route 72 W Ste 100, Manahawkin. The meeting will highlight and display plans for the new Women's Center which will be opening shortly. This is free a event, but RSVP is required as space is limited. To RSVP please contact the regional chamber at 609 494 7211 or email info@sochamber.comThis Roundtable discussion will feature Dr. Laura Tavarez, a primary care and family medicine physician with HackensackMeridianHealth who practices in Forked River. They will discuss the importance of women well visits and which tests or screenings are recommended for good health. Dr. Tavarez attended Medical School at Howard University College of Medicine. They completed their Residency at The Institute for Family Health at Mount Sinai Hosptial. In additional Health Village will provide materials focusing on women's health, tours of the facility will be given by staff technologists who will be happy to explain preparations, length of studies and answer any other questions. A healthy continental breakfast will be offered during networking.Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce has scheduled monthly roundtables hosted in women owned or operated businesses as part of their 2020 Vision strategic plan. For more information on the Women in Business or other programs offered by the 103 year business organization, please go to www.visitLBIregion.com or stop by their visitor center at 265 W Ninth St Ship Bottom, follow-on social as @southernoceanchamber or @LBIregion.
Local author Lisa Hall will be available to sign copies of book
Aiken Thoroughbred Racing Champions
End
--Since the 1940s, forty racing champions have traveled the hallowed grounds at the historic Aiken Training Track. Thoroughbred icons such as Kelso, Tom Fool, Swale, Pleasant Colony, Conquistador Cielo and Shuvee trained at this world-renowned track. Numerous members of the Aiken Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame won the biggest races in the sport. These champions combined for a total of 546 wins in 1,395 starts, including wins in the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes. Race along with author Lisa J. Hall as they pay homage to these equine champions and an Aiken legacy.Lisa J. Hall has worked for the City of Aiken Parks, Recreation & Tourism Department for over thirty years. They took over supervision of the Aiken Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame & Museum in 2010. They hold a BA in education from the University of South Carolina–Aiken. A lover of history and horses their entire life, Lisa grew up in Aiken, South Carolina—a community known for its love of all things equestrian. They volunteer with the Aiken Trials and the Aiken Steeplechase Association. Lisa currently resides in Vaucluse, South Carolina.Barnes & Noble3450 Wrightsboro RoadAugusta, GA 30909Saturday, June 24th, 2017 at 1:00 p.m.Available at area bookstores, independent retailers, and online retailers, or through Arcadia Publishing at (888)-313-2665 or online.The combination of Arcadia Publishing & The History Press creates the largest and most comprehensive publisher of local and regional content in the USA. By empowering local history and culture enthusiasts to write local stories for local audiences, we create exceptional books that are relevant on a local and personal level, enrich lives, and bring readers closer - to their community, their neighbors, and their past. Have we done a book on your town? Visit www.arcadiapublishing.com
April 20 BB&T Corp
* BB&T reports strong first quarter earnings; driven by record quarterly revenues and expense control
* Q1 revenue rose 9.1 percent to $2.8 billion
* Qtrly taxable-equivalent revenues were $2.8 billion for Q1, up $52 million from Q4 of 2016
* Qtrly average loans and leases held for investment were $142.0 billion compared to $142.3 billion for Q4 of 2016
* Qtrly tier 1 risk-based capital was 12.0 percent versus 12.2 percent last year
* Qtrly average deposits were $161.4 billion compared to $160.1 billion for prior quarter
* Q1 loss per share $0.74 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $0.46
* BB&T - During quarter, terminated $2.9 billion of higher-cost fhlb advances, resulting in a pre-tax loss on early extinguishment of $0.30 per diluted share
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.73, revenue view $2.78 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 taxable equivalent net interest income $1,649 million versus. $1,568 million last year
* BB&T Corp - Qtrly excluding purchased credit impaired loans, provision for credit losses was $146 million versus $133 million for prior quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Amid ongoing diplomatic crisis in the Middle East, the United States has sealed the deal to sell Qatar $12 billion worth of F-15 fighter jets.
The United States continues to send mixed messages as the row between two of its biggest allies in the Middle East, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, continues to get worse.
Mere days after President Donald Trump launched a Twitter tirade against the minuscule but rich Qatar – which also hosts the United States' largest military base in the region – and berated it for sponsoring terrorism, Washington D.C. and Doha signed a $12 billion military deal for the purchase of 36 American F-15 fighter jets.
The sale of U.S. combat aircraft to Qatar, which has recently become the target of massive Saudi Arabia-led diplomatic boycott, is just one part of a $20 billion deal. Given how Trump openly sided with Saudi Arabia in one of their recent Twitter tirades, the deal also signals the lack of coordination within Trump administration.
Trump openly sided with Saudi Arabia right after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson publicly defended Qatar and called for the countries leading the boycott to “immediately take steps to de-escalate the situation and put forth a good faith effort to resolve the grievances they have with each other.”
Now, the Pentagon is selling its military jets to the country.
“We are pleased to announce today the signing of the letter of offer and acceptance for the purchase of the F-15QA fighter jets, with an initial cost of $12 billion dollars,” said the Qatari Defense Minister Khalid Al Attiyah in their statement. “We believe that this agreement will propel Qatar's ability to provide for its own security while also reducing the burden placed upon the United States military in conducting operations against violent extremism.”
U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis was also pictured shaking hands with their Qatari counterpart.
Qatar signs LOA for the purchase of the F-15QA fighter jets creating 60,000 new jobs in 42 states across the United States pic.twitter.com/tnOAC3KGma — Meshal Hamad AlThani (@Amb_AlThani) June 14, 2017
Several major Gulf countries, including, Bahrain, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, have severed ties with the minuscule but rich state of Qatar, alleging it supported terrorist organizations like the Muslim Brotherhood and it backed Shi'ite-majority Iran's agenda. The countries even shut of all air, land and water contact with the Gulf peninsula, pulled out their ambassadors and gave Qatari residents two weeks to evacuate.
“We are confident that Qatar can address its remaining issues within this timeframe, prior to delivery," said a State Department official, according to the CBS News.
Two U.S. Navy vessels have also arrived at Hamad Port south of Doha “to participate in a joint exercise with the Qatari Emiri Navy,” according to the Qatar News Agency.
“Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis met today with Qatari Minister of State for Defense Affairs Dr. Khalid al-Attiyah to discuss concluding steps in finalizing the Foreign Military Sales purchase of US-manufactured F-15 fighter aircraft by the State of Qatar,” Pentagon spokesperson Lt. Col. Roger Cabiness told CNN. “The $12 billion sale will give Qatar a state of the art capability and increase security cooperation and interoperability between the United States and Qatar.”
To put things into perspective, here are few of the tweets Trump sent out earlier this month:
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017
The Trump administration seems to be playing a rather dangerous game.
Thumbnail Credits: Reuters
THERE was a wobbly moment during President Rodrigo Duterte's recent visit to Qatar. Greeting the 6,000 OFWs who had piled into a sports stadium—Duterte has proven to be a very accommodating man when it comes to crowds that chant their name and salute them with raised fists—he nearly keeled over. No doubt spurred on by the showbiz atmosphere, they had sauntered across the stage in their usual relaxed style to shake people's hands. As they got to the edge of the platform and extended their arm, they lurched forward and began to topple. Mercifully, their assistants, at least seven of them, rushed out from all sides and averted what could have been a catastrophic moment. One steadied them while the others, including a few local security guards, kept the crowd at bay. Duterte corrected their balance and remained upright, but only just. What made them totter? It's high time some attention was given to the President's paunch.
Reports were quick to suggest that an “over-excited OFW” was responsible for Duterte's momentary loss of balance in the Qatar stadium. The OFW's grasp was probably a bit tight and tugged. It's also quite plausible that Duterte themselves may have stood a little too close to the edge. Or maybe, as it seemed to me, the shakiness was due to a mathematical miscalculation of angles, height, and weight – the degree to which the President had to bend down relative to the OFW's reach, the height of the stage to floor level, plus the physical weight of Duterte's own body, equated to a whole lot of instability.
There have been episodes of equilibrium loss before. For instance, once when a reporter asked them whether they had a particular liking for Senator Leila de Lima, they responded negatively by almost falling off the podium. True, the physical faltering might have been feigned – it was perfect comic timing and earned them laughs, and they did manage to step down without help. Still, the President is undeniably far from spry. Arguably, at age 72, no one expects them to be. He's not doddering quite yet—nobody wants to see their President propped by their minders—but nimbleness has certainly long deserted him.
Duterte was once trim. Straight-backed. Broad-shouldered. Hefty. Pictures of them taken in the early 1990s show a fit 5-foot 6-inch frame in figure-hugging jeans, a belt snaking around compact hips. He's kept the charcoal black hair and severe haircut, but those slimming belts have been replaced by clip-braces that can be spied beneath their barong. The bodily changes of former President Joseph Estrada, from movie-star streamlined litheness to expanded waistline-waddle, makes for a good comparison. Once an action man, Estrada's gait has become ungainly. When seated, their back slumps deep into the chair, their knees are set wide apart, and their belly forms a sort of rotund ledge. So it is with Duterte whose barong shirt crumples and constricts in all the wrong places. A suit and tie, which the President clearly feels awkward wearing, looks even worse.
A protruding stomach absolutely ruins the line, as fashion people like to say when clothes don't hang properly and the side view profile is just all wrong. Duterte met Chinese President Xi Jinping wearing an ill-fitting funereal black suit in an outdated cut. The collars and sleeve cuffs swallowed their neck and hands. Worse, they shuffled ponderously behind the much taller Chinese Premier making them appear subservient, lumpy and shrunken. Optically speaking, the world stage is an unkind place for the Davao big man.
It's hard to guess a man's weight, but the emergence of an overhanging belly seems to be one of those stages in life, a corporeal evolution from which few Filipino men deviate. Some take great girth to mean a sign of good living and contentment as an abundance of meals, beer, smokes, and idleness brings it on. Yet it's often accompanied by a bunch of other crippling ailments that do so much to remind a man of their mortality. Duterte's belly is one of their many health burdens. They have publicly admitted to suffering from Buerger's disease, Barratt's esophagus, chronic migraines, spinal issues, a past (?) dependence on the powerful opiate Fentanyl, and recurrent itchy rashes. He's mentioned theirs need forlong-term oxygen therapy. We might well speculate why. Could they be afflicted with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), or possibly even, in addition to, sleep apnea? They tend to press parts of their face with their fingers. It's an action, they explain, that alleviates pain, which might mean they are suffering from tortuous trigeminal neuralgia, an excruciatingly painful condition that is difficult to treat.
We may never know the true extent of Duterte's health problems. Along with their bank accounts, they have stubbornly refused to disclose their medical records. All we can go on are the outward signs – the complaints of pain, the wobbles, the heavy paunch. They have said age is not on their side. It would seem neither is gravity.
rachelagreyes@gmail.com
FILE PHOTO: Dominique de Villepin makes a statement as part of their New Year's wishes to the media January 16, 2012 in Paris. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS Former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin, a conservative Gaullist who won global celebrity by opposing U.S. plans for war in Iraq, said on Thursday they would back centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron in Sunday's presidential election.
"There is a new path, which Emmanuel Macron wants to open, and that is to unite," Villepin told Le Parisien newspaper.
They said in the face of the traditional left-right party system that was imprisoned by its own divisions and extremes that were determined to flip the table over the choice of Macron was obvious.
Villepin, prime minister between 2005-2007 under then president Jacques Chirac, is best known internationally for announcing Chirac's refusal to join a war against Saddam Hussein's Iraq in an impassioned speech at the United Nations in 2003 when they were foreign minister.
(Reporting by John Irish; editing by Michel Rose)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll on long-term care was conducted March 13-April 5 by NORC at the University of Chicago, with funding from the SCAN Foundation. It is based on online and telephone interviews of 1,845 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's nationally representative AmeriSpeak panel.
The AmeriSpeak panel includes respondents originally selected randomly from NORC's National Frame based on address-based sampling and recruited by mail, email, telephone and face-to-face interviews.
NORC interviews participants over the phone if they don't have internet access. With a probability basis and coverage of people who can't access the internet, surveys using AmeriSpeak are nationally representative.
Interviews with AmeriSpeak panelists were conducted in English and Spanish.
Advertisement
As is done routinely in surveys, results were weighted, or adjusted, to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population's makeup by factors such as age, sex, education, census region and race. In addition, the weighting took into account patterns of nonresponse among panel members selected for the survey.
No more than 1 time in 20 should chance variations in the sample cause the results to vary by more than plus or minus 3.3 percentage points from the answers that would be obtained if all adults in the U.S. were polled.
There are other sources of potential error in polls, including the wording and order of questions.
The questions and results are available at http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/.
PRAGUE, April 6 It is difficult to say at the moment when the Czech central bank will need to start raising interest rates, Governor Jiri Rusnok said on Thursday.
The bank on Thursday dropped a cap on the exchange rate of the crown, the first step toward tightening its ultra-loose monetary policy, but left the main repo rate at 0.05 percent.
Rusnok told a news conference they did not see at the moment high probability of raising rates up already on May 4 when the bank's board holds its next regular policy meeting but they could not exclude such a step. (Reporting by Robert Muller and Jan Lopatka)
TAIPEI, April 10 Taiwan stocks were flat on Monday, as gains in financial shares were offset by losses in healthcare counters, which fell after a media report that a government-run fund was set to offload its holdings in healthcare companies.
As of 0226 GMT, the main TAIEX index was nearly unchanged at 9,869.86, after closing at 9,873.37 in the previous session.
The healthcare sector was down 1.14 percent, led by Scinopharm Taiwan Ltd, which dropped nearly 4 percent.
The National Development Fund will sell its holdings in healthcare stocks after market hours and via auctions, the Economic Daily News reported on Monday, citing an official in charge of the fund.
The official was not immediately available for comment.
The electronics subindex was down 0.2 percent, while the financials subindex was 0.2 percent higher.
The Taiwan dollar softened T$0.067 to T$30.668 per U.S. dollar. (Reporting by Faith Hung; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
- The Vista Chamber of Commerce is excited to announce that they will be hosting their second annual Women Who Will event. Titled "Women Who Will: The Power & Purpose of Phenomenal Women: Stories that Inspire, Educate & Elevate!"
Contact
Vista Chamber of Commerce
***@pzlpieces.com Vista Chamber of Commerce
End
-- Will You Be A Woman Who Will?The Vista Chamber of Commerce is excited to announce that they will be hosting their second annual Women Who Will event. Titled "Women Who Will: Power & Purpose of Phenomenal Women: Stories that Inspire, Educate & Elevate!" the one-day conference is to inspire, educate, and elevate our community of women.Women Who Will will be held at California State University San Marcos on September 9, 2017 from 11:30 AM to 3:30 PM. The Chamber is anticipating 200 attendees, 28 vendors, lunch, a fashion show, and will feature 3 phenomenal speakers, Kristin Frade, Margaret Lampkin, and Dr. Raj, Pallai, Ph.D. Each of the 3 speakers are accomplished individuals that have achieved success in their respective professions.The nonprofit, nonpartisan event is intended to draw women of all ages and backgrounds who are interested in building communication skills, leadership strategies and working with different personality types. The cost of an individual ticket to the event is $50 and options for sponsorship, which are available here."Our speakers have leadership content that will apply to any woman at any stage of life. We know women re-interpret their lives many times, this will be a great chance to re-focus and evaluate life. By drawing together as a community and sharing stories, we learn from each other, gain motivation from each other's perseverance and elevate each other to endless possibilities,"said Amber Ter-Vrugt, Chair of the Vista Chamber of Commerce."This is a great opportunity to connect with other women in the community. It is an honor for us to support and encourage women that want to make a difference in their communities and their workplaces,"said Bret Schanzenbach, CEO of the Vista Chamber of Commerce. "Helping Women succeed and assume leadership positions is a core value of the Chamber".Come enjoy food, wine, networking, shopping, and inspiring speakers. We hope that you will join us in the uplifting festivities!To learn more about the event, please visit the Vista Chamber of Commerce website or Facebook page. To reserve your seat today, call: 760-726- 1122.
LONDON, April 3 A top-20 investor in Akzo Nobel said on Monday they wanted the firm to engage with U.S. rival PPG Industries over a revised bid raising pressure on the Dutch paint maker to begin talks.
Chief Executive Ton Buechner has so far refused to do so, saying PPG has yet to address "key stakeholder issues" - a position they reiterated on Monday in the face of growing opposition from shareholders led by activist investor Elliott Advisors.
The investor said while Buechner had "done a fantastic job since they took over", the revised cash-and-share offer of around 90 euros a share was "at a level where the company's got to engage; it's a decent offer", given they valued Akzo at around 75 euros a share as a standalone firm.
Valuation, and not politics or the governance structure, should be the only thing that prevented a deal from taking place, they added, and it was up to Buechner to show how they intended to close the valuation gap.
Akzo is due to detail its plan to boost shareholder value on Apr. 19, including a spin-off of its chemicals division. The investor said the move would be unlikely to deliver much in terms of value accretion to shareholders, although it depended on the price. (Reporting by Simon Jessop; editing by Pamela Barbaglia)
Source: Give Me Sport
WWE Hall of Famer, Lita, was involved in a Q&A while they were in Paris, France. Here are some of the highlights:
If the WWE is going to add Tag Team Titles to the Women's Division:
"There has been talks of tag titles for the Women's Division, and I think that I love that they first introduced the Money in the Bank briefcase, that's been a long time coming and that adds an element of surprise within the title picture. I would love to see these rumored tag titles appear sooner than later, but for that to happen, I hope they bring up these women that are already at NXT or some women they've seen on the Mae Young Classic and expand the roster."
The pressure that came along with commentating the Mae Young Classic:
"So, when I was asked to call the action alongside JR for the Mae Young Classic, it was a big honor, and I love being able to come full circle. JR is the one who hired me initially to start my journey with the WWE so to work on that capacity on the other side behind the desk with him, I was really excited not only with that but the unprecedented history-making of a 32 women tournament is also very exciting to be a part of.
So while I was very honored, I will say that I felt a lot of pressure, and I was very nervous because I've watched a million wrestling matches and I've listened to commentating but when I'm watching, I'm not talking I just go like 'Wow, that's cool' and so to translate to all-of-a-sudden jump in to be a commentator ... [Looks at Sylvain Guernalec] I hear you're a commentator. Is it hard right? Because you wanna do justice to the hard work that's happening in the ring. I had just met these 32 incredible women and tried to do justice to them and to their matches. So yes, I was honored, but at the same time I was pressured, they're saying a lot of things to you in your ear, you're trying to hit time queues, it's a whole thing. Very challenging but I enjoyed it."
Working with The Hardys again:
"I don't think that its Team Xtreme without Lita, so all I want to say is keep your eyes open if you see a third member, whoever The Hardys are facing, messing around with them and their needs to be an equalizer potentially for a 'One Night Only' attraction, I think that would be fun."
You can see more of Lita's responses by clicking here.
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @HeelDoors. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
SEOUL: The assassination of the North Korean leader's half brother illustrates the “brutal and inhuman” nature of the regime in Pyongyang, Seoul said Wednesday after Kim Jong-Nam was reportedly killed in Malaysia by female agents.
Two women are believed to have used some kind of poison for the Cold War-style killing, with reports from Malaysia and South Korea suggesting Kim Jong-Nam had been stabbed with poison-tipped needles or had chemicals sprayed in their face.
“He told the receptionist at the departure hall that someone had grabbed their face from behind and splashed some liquid on him,” Selangor state's criminal investigation chief Fadzil Ahmat was reported as saying by Malaysia's The Star newspaper.
“He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic. At this point, they were experiencing headache and was on the verge of passing out,” said Fadzil.
“At the clinic, the victim experienced a mild seizure. They were put into an ambulance and was being taken to the Putrajaya Hospital when they were pronounced dead,” they said.
South Korean reports had earlier suggested the two female assassins had used poison-tipped needles during the killing, before fleeing in a taxi.
Kim had at one time been set to assume the leadership of their isolated country, but fell out of favour after an embarrassing attempt to get into Japan on a fake passport in 2001.
They have since lived in exile, mostly in the gambling haven of Macau, but they have also been spotted in other Asian countries and there have been reports of their playboy lifestyle.
Kim, 45, is believed to have been in Malaysia on a passport bearing the name Kim Chol, a known alias, according to South Korean media.
But Seoul on Wednesday confirmed that the dead man was a member of the Kim dynasty.
“Our government is certain that the murdered man is Kim Jong-Nam,” said Chung Joon-Hee, a spokesperson for Seoul's unification ministry that handles inter-Korea affairs.
“If confirmed, the murder of Kim Jong-Nam would be an example that shows the brutality and inhumane nature of the North Korean regime,” acting leader Hwang Kyo-Ahn told a meeting of top security officials earlier, according to their spokesperson.
“We're taking this incident very seriously and we're keeping close tabs on the North”, Hwang said.
Kim's killing is thought to be the highest-profile death under the Jong-Un regime since the execution of the leader's uncle, Jang Song-Thaek, in December 2013.
Jong-Un has been trying to strengthen their grip on power in the face of growing international pressure over their country's nuclear and missile programs, and regular reports have emerged on purges and executions.
Jong-Nam, known as an advocate of reform in the North, once told a Japanese newspaper that they opposed their country's dynastic system of power.
Cheong Seong-Jang, senior researcher at Seoul's Sejong Institute think-tank, said Jong-Nam had been living in near-exile so it was unlikely that Jong-Un saw them as a potential competitor for power.
“But if Jong-Nam committed an act to damage Jong-Un's authority, I think it's possible that the Reconnaissance General Bureau may have directly conducted the assassination under the orders of Jong-Un since it has been in charge of closely watching Jong-Nam,” they said. AFP
AFP/CC
Prime Minister Hun Sen shake hands with Secretary of National Security Council of the Russian Federation Nikolai Platonovich Patrushev after a meeting yesterday in Phnom Penh. Facebook.
Russian FSB director meets PM
Nikolai Patrushev, director of the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) and a top adviser to Russian President Vladimir Putin, met with Prime Minister Hun Sen yesterday to discuss ways the two countries can combat terrorism and transnational crime, the prime minister announced via Facebook.
The two met in the Peace Palace, where Hun Sen proposed the organisation of a joint international conference to combat terrorism. Patrushev said they will take the proposal to Putin for consideration, according to the post.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs official Kao Kim Hourn said the meeting was not out of the ordinary, since Cambodia “collaborates with many countries”.
“You don't need to [share] a border to fight terrorism, it could be training, intelligence sharing, bilateral frameworks,” Hourn said.
Patrushev will meet with Ministry of Defence officials and others over the coming days, they added.
On Monday, the Kingdom's Ministry of Commerce also met with members of the Russian-led Eurasian Economic Union.
“At the moment, trade is still insignificant,” said ministry official Sophari Seung. “But in the future, it could be growing.”
(Adds Airbus comments)
PARIS, March 29 Indonesia has signed a letter of intent to buy Airbus A400M military aircraft, French President Francois Hollande's office said on Wednesday.
The provisional agreement was signed during a visit to Indonesia by Hollande and covers an unspecified number of aircraft, according to a list of deals issued by their office.
If completed, it would provide the troubled European military programme with a second export customer after Malaysia.
A previous deal to export A400M airplanes to South Africa was cancelled in 2009. Chile was also at one time seen as an export partner for the aircraft, which has run into billions of euros of cost overruns and years of development delays.
Hinting at industrial work as part of any deal, the head of Airbus Military Aircraft, Fernando Alonso, said the aircraft would form the basis of further industrial co-operation and could eventually boost the Indonesian Air Force's Mobility Arm - a type of unit which typically handles troop transport.
At present Indonesia operates Lockheed Martin C-130 transporter planes and Spanish CASA planes built under licence.
Airbus said the letter of intent was signed by Pelita Air, representing a consortium consisting of state-owned companies.
"Future discussions will address, among other things, the number of aircraft to be encompassed in an eventual contract and possible industrial cooperation arrangements," Airbus added. (Reporting by Cyril Altmeyer, Tim Hepher; editing by Alexander Smith)
Northern Virginia offers plenty of options, so make sure you choose a company that goes above and beyond the 'Call of Duty.'
Party Bus in Northern VA
Contact
Limo Service DC
info@limoservicedc.net Limo Service DC
End
-- You have an important anniversary celebration coming up. This might be your first anniversary, 10, 25, 50, or something in between. Whatever year anniversary it is, to you is one of the most important dates you have coming up this year. When you want the best experience from start to finish, choose the besthas to offer.This company is a family owned and operated business that started more than two decades ago. In the beginning they were focused on customer service, safety, and reliability. More than 20 years later, as a, they have built one of the most impressive fleets of limos and buses from which to choose.This can be a great way to enjoy the national monuments and many other incredible sites to see and enjoy throughout the Greater DC Metro Area. Even if you call this place home and have lived in the area for many, many years, traveling around in a Hummer limo provides an incredible experience in this is something you and your spouse will remember for many years to come.Not every company will go above and beyond the normal call of duty, and whether you need a traditional stretch limo, a Lincoln Town Car or other sedan, a, or something else, wouldn't it be nice to be able to choose the exact vehicle you want?Even if this annive https://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=cLn7mUhuCQ8 rsary dinner or celebration is just around the corner and you overlook the value of transportation, it's not too late. Not when you call DC Limousine Service. Their 24/7 customer support line is 202.765.2350 and if you want to make reservations through their website, you can visit it at www.limoservicedc.net There are some key aspects that the founders of DC Limousine Service wanted to focus on: safety, reliability, and comfort. They've achieved that with all of their vehicles, and more, having been successful for more than 20 years. They offer immediate billing, can handle short notice reservations, and have one of the largest fleets of limos and buses from which to choose, making them one of the best in the region.
A woman was killed by an Uber self-driving sport utility vehicle in Arizona, police said on Monday, and the ride hailing company said it had suspended its autonomous vehicle programme across the United States and Canada.
The accident in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe marked the first fatality from a self-driving vehicle, which are being tested around the globe, and could derail efforts to fast-track the introduction of the new technology.
The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel at the time of the accident, which occurred overnight Sunday to Monday, Tempe police said.
“The vehicle was travelling northbound . . . when a female walking outside of the crosswalk crossed the road from west to east when they were struck by the Uber vehicle,” police said in a statement.
Accident
The woman later died from their injuries in a hospital, police said. Them name has not been released because their next of kin had not yet been notified, police said.
Tempe police could not immediately be reached for further comment.
The vehicle involved in the accident was a Volvo, a person familiar with the matter said. Local television footage of the scene showed a crumpled bike and a Volvo XC90 SUV with a smashed-in front.
The US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and National Transportation Safety Board said they were sending investigative teams to investigate the crash. NHTSA also said it was in contact with Volvo.
A spokesperson for Uber Technologies Inc said the company was suspending its North American tests. In a tweet, Uber expressed its condolences and said the company was fully cooperating with authorities.
– (Reuters)
For students, choosing university halls is, arguably, one of the most important decisions at university, as it can establish your friend base for the rest next few years.
Whilst your first year accommodation is not necessarily the be-all and end-all of your time at university (there are plenty of other opportunities to meet people), it does help to be in a place with like-minded souls in the daunting first few months at university.
The benefits of choosing the right first year accommodation are numerous. As well as helping you find friends, it is a key part of the dreaded flatmate hunt for the coming year.
Luckily for us, Edinburgh is a bit more laid back than other universities with the release of student flats, which don't tend to appear in letting agencies until February or March. This gives you a bit more time to firmly work out if the people in your halls are definitely who you want to live with.
When it comes to university accommodation, one of the first things you should ask yourself is whether you want to be catered or self-catered. For some people, this might be an easy decision, as your financial situation, dietary requirements, etc. may already eliminate one of these options.
However, for everyone else it can often be a struggle to decide between the two, and even once you have, which particular halls to choose. But not to worry, The Student has rounded up some pros and cons of catered and self-catered accommodation to aid your decision.
Catered: Pros
Your meals are cooked for you. Often one of the biggest issues for first-year students is not knowing how to cook, but with catered halls this problem is eliminated.
More sociable. Pollock is home of the University of Edinburgh's catered accommodation. Advantageously, all of the halls there eat in one communal area, meaning there's no shying away from making friends.
Cons
Food is often sub-par. If you are used to industrial-sized canteen food, then this will probably not bother you, but if quality is an issue for you, you might want to reconsider – the closest thing you will get to smoked salmon is a fish finger.
Expense. Catered halls can often be unnecessarily pricey and not for good reason. If you don't like the dinner one evening, there's little option but to starve and then ruminate about the £5 you just lost on a meal consisting of a few cucumber slices.
Self-catered: Pros
Timing. Catered halls are set to a very regimented timetable, which means there's no chance for a lie-in if you want to get to breakfast. If you like your sleep, self-catered is probably the better option, as it is the only place where breakfast at 3pm is acceptable.
Get more for your money. Self-catered accommodation is great if you're on a strict budget, as you only pay for food you will actually use, leaving more to spend on nights out. Line up the shots!
Cons
Isolation. Unless you're really outgoing, self-catered can often be quite an isolating experience as, unlike catered halls, there aren't very many communal areas. This is a risky option for the more reserved among us.
Distance. The catered halls at Edinburgh tend to be a bit more dotted around. This means taking the risk that whilst you may only be a five minute walk to lectures, you could also end up having a 30 minute morning commute from Leith!
Of course, everyone is different, and so there's always the possibility that while one type of accommodation may not work for you, it may really suit someone else. So don't be deterred by what people say. If you think it's the best option for you, go for it!
Image: Jon Vrushi via Flickr
April 13 Richmont Mines Inc
* Richmont mines- company-wide production 29,401 ounces of gold for quarter, driven by production from cornerstone island gold mine of 23,772 ounces of gold
* Revenues for quarter were c$46.5 million
* Richmont mines inc - corporation is also considering other strategic alternatives regarding beaufor mine and camflo mill
* Richmont mines inc - sees 2017 total gold production of 110,000 oz -120,000 oz Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Football Soccer - Bayern Munich v Real Madrid - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Allianz Arena, Munich, Germany - 12/4/17 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo gestures to referee Nicola Rizzoli after being fouled by Bayern Munich's Javi Martinez Reuters / Michael...
Javi Martinez will take much of the blame for Bayern Munich's 2-1 Champions League quarter-final first leg defeat by Real Madrid on Wednesday after their red card, but it does not hide the hosts' need for a major overhaul.
After dominating the first half, Arturo Vidal's missed penalty and a Cristiano Ronaldo equaliser let the visitors back into the match before Martinez's red gave the Spanish side the initiative.
"Small details have decided the game," Bayern manager Carlo Ancelotti said. "We missed the penalty, conceded at the start of the second half.
"We had the game under control, but there was a lack of efficiency," they added. "Being a man short made it harder."
Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer experienced the worst of being a man down.
"We didn't have much of the ball, the security was missing," said Neuer. "In the end, they could have scored even more."
While Martinez's dismissal opened the contest up, it cannot mask the reality that Bayern are past their prime and the veterans of the 2013 Champions League victory ultimately found themselves outthought, outplayed and outran.
At 33 and 34 respectively, Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery lack the zip and stamina of their youth, while 35-year-old Xabi Alonso and 33-year-old captain Philipp Lahm are coming towards the end of their Bavaria careers.
Without injured top scorer Robert Lewandowski, the German side have also been unable to impose themselves in Europe as they once did.
Pep Guardiola may have sustained Bayern's domestic dominance during their three-year tenure but for all their modification of their squad and style, they were unable to guide Jupp Heynckes' European champions back to the final.
Ancelotti has kept faith with Guardiola's side -- the nucleus of which won the title under Heynckes in 2013 -- but Bayern's second-half capitulation demonstrates that a wholesale overhaul of the squad is needed if they are to win a sixth European crown.
(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Todd Gurley put together one of the greatest seasons ever by a Rams running back, but it still wasn't enough to unseat the best quarterback of all time. Tom Brady was named Associated Press NFL MVP for 2017 on Saturday night, the third time he's won the award.
This comes as no surprise after Brady won PFWA MVP and their acceptance speech leaked on Thursday night during their media session. It was all but a formality at that point, which is unfortunate for Gurley and the Rams.
Brady led the league with 4,577 yards, while throwing 32 touchdown passes and just eight interceptions. They were certainly deserving of the award, particularly given the Patriots' success after losing so many key players to injury.
Gurley was among the favorites late in the year after a remarkable surge in the final few games. What hurt their resume was the fact that the Rams rested players in Week 17, giving Gurley just 15 games on the year. Still, they led the league with 2,093 yards from scrimmage and 19 touchdowns.
It's obviously disappointing that Gurley didn't win MVP, but that shouldn't take away from the incredible season they put together. At least they were able to take home Offensive Player of the Year honors.
LONDON, March 31 Britain said on Friday it had launched an investigation into suspected tax evasion and money-laundering by an unnamed "global financial institution" and some of its employees.
"The first phase of the investigation, which will see further, targeted, activity over the coming weeks, is focused on senior employees from within the institution, along with a number of its customers," the British tax authority, Them Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC), said.
HMRC said it could give no further details about the inquiry as it was an ongoing investigation. (Reporting by Michael Holden; eiting by Stephen Addison)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro announced that the country will conduct military exercises in late August, responding to US President Donald Trump's statement regarding possibility of a military operation in the Latin American country.
On Friday, Trump said at a press conference that the United States would not rule out the possibility of a military operation in Venezuela “if necessary.” Spokesman for the Pentagon Eric Pahon said the agency had not received any orders regarding Venezuela.
“We are going to conduct integral defense operations … on August 26-27,” Maduro said in a speech in Caracas, adding that “millions of Venezuelans” will join the National Bolivarian Armed Forces during the drills.
They stressed that no one can interfere in domestic affairs of the country.
“If you wish for peace, prepare for war,” the president said.
Earlier in the day, Venezuelan Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez said that the country's defense forces were ready to defend the country and “sacrifice themselves protecting the homeland and its institutions if required.”
Venezuela held elections of delegates to the National Constituent Assembly in late July, with the constituent body expected to be in charge of rewriting the Constitution. The election took place amid mass protests across the country, with a number of foreign countries, as well as the European Union, refusing to recognize the body's legitimacy.
© Wikipedia/
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Latin America
Houston Astros shortstop Carlos Correa (1) and teammate Marwin Gonzalez (9) celebrate Correa's second homer of the day, this one in the sixth inning, during the Houston Astros vs. the Texas Rangers major league baseball game at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas on Wednesday, September 27, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Gerry Fraley, Rangers beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answered questions about the team recently. Here are some of the highlights.
Question: What's the most important thing the Rangers need to do to catch up to the Astros?
Fraley: Play better defense, particularly in the outfield. This was not a good defensive team last season. The Rangers can make marginal pitchers better by catching the ball more often. Defense will be particularly important to Doug Fister. The ball is put in play on the ground, against him. The defense will determine how successful they are.
Question: After a decade of competitive baseball, are we entering a dark period for the Rangers? Or is that an overreaction?
Fraley: Overreaction. This club has a solid core of young talent in DeShields, Gallo, Mazara, Odor and Robinson. You can watch them develop over the next two years. At that point, the system should begin to crank out some pitching. The Rangers will never "tank." They'll likely be a middle-of-the-pack team this season, maybe third in the West. The key to the season will be the development of young players. It has to be done. The alternative, applying bandages of older free agents, may sell a few more tickets early but does not work.
Question: What does it say about the Astros that their roster is so young and talented, yet they currently have a better farm system than the Rangers too?
Fraley: The Astros were willing to go through some horrible, non-competitive seasons, including three in a row with more than 105 losses, to get high draft picks and added to their signing bonus pool. They had the first pick three years in a row. They also hit on only one of those picks -- Carlos Correa -- but that's for another day.
The Rangers, dealing with the hangover of the 2011 World Series loss, went for it in '12, '13, '15 and '16. Cannot and will not second-guess those deals, but they took a toll on the player-development system. The Rangers gambled and lost in that they did not win a post-season series. And the miss on Dillon Tate as the No. 4 overall pick in 2015 will hang over this franchise. The last two drafts have started out well, but it takes time to develop high-school talent.
Question: Is it concerning that aside from Willie Calhoun (who has already played in the Majors), the Rangers have only one prospect in Baseball America's new top 100 list and no pitchers???
Fraley: It is a concern to the Rangers, and that led them to make the Darvish deal to get three prospects. The club knew it eventually have to pay for its pennant-race trades in the last six years. The Rangers have given up a lot of talent and received nothing in return in terms of post-season success. The strength of the system is at the lower levels. it will take time for those players to become major-league ready. History shows that may will fall to the wayside in the process.
Click here to view the full chat.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
After winning the ROH World Championship for a second time, Jay Lethal spoke with Ring of Honor about their big win. Here are some of the highlights:
Winning the title for a second time and wanting to have a longer run than their first (427 days):
"It feels amazing. It means once again I'm at the top of my game because to have the Ring of Honor World Championship you're going to be operating at a higher level, a level that most people never reach. There's only a select few people that have been at that level twice. I plan on making this title reign way longer than my first title reign."
See Also Kevin Sullivan Says Fans Think That Ring Of Honor Is Uncool
Winning the title for a second time and how it differs from the first time in 2015:
"When I won the championship the first time there was a lot of bragging. I was maybe a little overconfident, but I could back it up. Maybe had a few people in my ear, helping me think that way, being a little bit braggadocios. As to now, it's not overconfidence, I'm more comfortable and confident in my abilities - not overconfident - but confident. That would probably be the biggest comparison between now and then. Just a little more trash talking before - while still backing it up - this time maybe all actions will be in the ring and a little less trash talking."
Lethal also discussed Dalton Castle as champion. You can check out the full interview in the video above or by clicking here.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds Atlantia, Guala Closures, Chiltern International, Dominion Diamond and Lightower Fiber Networks; Updates Chevron)
April 13 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Thursday:
** Linde and Praxair's $65 billion merger talks are facing legal complexities that mean the agreement will not be finalised as planned before Linde's annual shareholder meeting on May 10, a source familiar with the situation said.
** ConocoPhillips said on Thursday it would sell natural gas-heavy assets in San Juan basin, spanning New Mexico and Southwestern Colorado, to an affiliate of privately held Hilcorp Energy Co for about $3 billion.
** Wealth management firm HighTower said on Thursday it will acquire WealthTrust, which has interests in a dozen registered investment advisory firms with $6.4 billion in client assets nationwide, bringing HighTower's total client assets to more than $47 billion.
** Chevron Corp, the second-largest U.S.-based oil producer, is exploring the sale of its 20 percent stake in Canada's Athabasca Oil Sands project, which could fetch about $2.5 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
** A consortium led by China's Fosun International Ltd plans to buy between 20 and 25 percent in Russia's top gold producer Polyus for up to $2 billion, RIA news agency reported, citing documents of a Russian-Chinese intergovernmental commission.
** Italian former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi finalised their troubled sale of soccer club AC Milan to a Chinese-led consortium on Thursday, a 740 million euro ($788 million) deal that tightens China's grip on the game in Italy.
** A group of private equity companies have bid around 200 billion Swedish crowns ($22.26 billion) for the hygiene arm of tissue and forestry products firm SCA, daily Dagens Nyheter wrote on Wednesday, citing unnamed sources.
** Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc withdrew its application to the Federal Reserve to boost its ownership stake in Wells Fargo & Co above 10 percent, and is instead selling 9 million shares to keep it below that threshold.
** Australia's foreign investment watchdog has cleared Chinese-backed coal miner Yancoal Australia Ltd to pursue its $2.45 billion acquisition of Rio Tinto's, Coal and Allied Division, Yancoal said on Thursday.
** Japan's Kobe Steel Ltd said it had acquired Swedish firm Quintus Technologies AB from shareholders led by U.S. private equity firm Milestone Partners for $115 million.
** Chinese internet firm Baidu Inc has agreed to acquire U.S. computer vision firm xPerception for an undisclosed amount to support their renewed efforts in artificial intelligence as Chinese tech firms face regulatory headwinds in U.S.
** A group of shareholders in Czech betting company Fortuna has filed an application for an injunction to halt the proposed acquisition of Romanian businesses from Penta Investments, Fortuna's biggest stakeholder.
** The head of Dassault Aviation, the biggest shareholder in Thales, said they were not in favour of pursuing a joint venture in railway operations between the French defence electronics firm and transport group Alstom.
** Four suitors are left in the race to buy a minority stake in Atlantia's motorway unit, two sources close to the matter said, as the Italian infrastructure group prepares to finalise the deal in coming weeks.
** Private-equity held Italian packaging firm Guala Closures is preparing a stock market listing or sale that may value the company at more than 1 billion euros ($1.06 billion) including debt, sources close to the matter said.
** Chiltern International Ltd, a privately held British drug research contractor, has hired investment bank Jefferies LLC to explore a sale that could value it at around $1.3 billion, including debt, according to people familiar with the matter.
** Canada's Dominion Diamond Corp has not had any contact with Washington Corp since the privately held company made public its unsolicited $1.1 billion offer in late March, said Dominion Chairman Jim Gowans.
** A company built around the research of Craig Wright, who has claimed to have invented the bitcoin cryptocurrency, has been sold to a private equity firm in a deal the company says is the biggest to date involving bitcoin's underlying blockchain technology.
** Lightower Fiber Networks is exploring a sale that its private equity owners hope will value the high-speed internet U.S. infrastructure company at more than $7 billion, including debt, according to sources familiar with the matter. (Compiled by Komal Khettry and Divya Grover in Bengaluru)
Third-level colleges are an important part of the GAA but they're not the most popular subjects for advocacy. In fact they can arouse resentment. When the burnout debates were raging there was an undercurrent of the colleges getting away with their fixtures being unaffected as everyone else's were coming under the microscope.
There are persistent calls for the Fitzgibbon and Sigerson Cups to be transplanted back to the first term to ease fixtures congestion despite the modern drift to semesterisation with Christmas exams making this impractical in academic terms to say nothing of the now routinely late running of club under-21 (and senior) competitions.
Defending the colleges against these demands in their annual report five years ago, director general Páraic Duffy said such attitudes were, “disrespectful of the players and those who coach our games in the colleges sector.
“It also overlooks and devalues the contribution that this sector has made to the development of our games in several important areas – in the raising of playing standards, in the training of administrators, and in the investment in our games and infrastructure.”
Gaelic games' presence in colleges has been part of an expanding landscape in recent decades, as third level has grown dramatically to around 30 institutions in this state (nearly 50 for GAA purposes) – a welcome opening up of third-level education, which sees well over 50 per cent of the school leaving population participating.
Scholarships and bursaries are now widely available for those who excel at football and hurling, placing the games on an equal footing with other sports.
Yet there is a growing problem with the sector, as the age of inter-county players drops and more and more inroads are made into the colleges by inter-county teams.
College activities
Training sessions are harder to organise with a full complement and it's often as much as can be done to get players to play the actual matches. The camaraderie that is such a valuable part of the third-level experience is harder and harder to generate, as players are pulled from pillar to post.
Waterford hurling manager Derek McGrath said at the weekend that they would prefer if the league could be organised in such a way to allow students at this time of the year concentrate on college activities. At this point in time that's as likely as discovering a new energy source but as an educator he's aware of how unsatisfactory the situation has become.
ADVERTISEMENT
If there is one overriding factor in the positive influences of the third-level game, it is enjoyment. Young players, many of them away from home for the first time, find a community in the GAA club based around the games and they can readily find administrative roles, as there's no-one else to run the show.
They make friends and contacts, which frequently sustain lifelong involvement in the association.
The difficulties however have been spotlighted this month as the GAA however unintentionally has acted to marginalise the sector.
Ironically it all happened in a perfect storm that otherwise looked a good news story when at the end of last year Derry club Slaughtneil won three Ulster titles and understandably looked for an additional week between All-Ireland football and hurling semi-finals.
The football semi-final, which the Derry club won last Saturday, couldn't be moved because of a wedding involving the community of opponents St Vincent's and the only option according to Croke Park's CCCC was to fix Slaughtneil's hurling semi-final against Dublin champions Cuala for the last weekend in February. Another option to play the hurling match in January had been turned down by Cuala.
The problem is that three of the club's Dublin players, Cian O'Callaghan, Colm Cronin and Jake Malone are also with UCD. The Fitzgibbon final will be played on the same day as the All-Ireland club semi-final. There may be no clash, as UCD are away to a strong Limerick IT this Wednesday in the quarter-final and there is no certainty that they'll win – especially as it's not expected the Cuala players will be available for the match.
Fixtures chaos
Clare's Tony Kelly , whose phosphorescent displays for Ballyea have helped them to the All-Ireland final, will be able to play for UL should they reach the Fitzgibbon weekend because of their club's semi-final opponents.
If Slaughtneil win the hurling semi-final there will have to be a rescheduling of the club finals, both of which are traditionally played on St Patrick's Day, as it clearly would be unfair to expect anyone to play two matches on the same day but another club, UCD, has been asked to compromise its potential challenge in one of the GAA's oldest competitions.
When Cashel and Kiltormer proved inseparable in a club semi-final in 1992 that required two replays, the final had to be deferred. There's always a solution.
The mess is of course a function of the fixtures chaos that has occupied so much of the GAA's energies and if the concept of a calendar year for the club championships were to be introduced as proposed, this clash wouldn't happen. But it has.
The late Joe McDonagh is to be commemorated at the end of this month when their alma mater NUI Galway, formerly UCG, hosts the Fitzgibbon Cup weekend. There will be a dinner on Friday week at which contemporaries from the 1977 Fitzgibbon will honour the memory of the former GAA president, who represented their college in both football and hurling.
Publicity for the event includes the information that four members of that UCG side, including McDonagh himself, went on to lead their counties around Croke Park on All-Ireland final day; three of them, Conor Hayes and Pat Fleury who would also manage finalists, and Joe Connolly lifted the Liam MacCarthy. Another member of the team was Cyril Farrell, who managed Galway to back-to-back titles. If Joe themselves was unsuccessful in 1979, they went on to hold the highest office in the GAA.
Four captains, three managers and one president from one (albeit outstanding) Fitzgibbon winning side make the point: it was fertile ground for leadership.
ADVERTISEMENT
smoran@irishtimes.com
The organisers of Shambala have opened applications to be part of next year's festival.
Shambala will return to Northamptonshire from August 23 to August 28.
Festival organisers said: “Applications to get thoroughly and gloriously involved at Shambala 2018 have been flung wide open.
“Whether you're a musician, artist, trader, dancer, teacher, performer, workshop leader, poet, healer or therapist, we're inviting you to make your mark on the green, grassy canvas that is Shambala.”
Applications can be made online. As well as performers and traders, the festival is also looking for flight attendants, a recycling team and medics. Applications for these roles will open in the New Year.
Recently, Shambala handed out its annual Inspiration Trader Awards with Bristol's Poco Loco winning first place. Organisers said: “Every year, our Sustainability team work closely with our amazing array of traders, to ensure our incredibly high sustainability standards are met. On site at the festival, our team score each trader across a wide variety of criteria, including energy efficiency, ethical food procurement, waste reduction and travel miles (for both food and staff) as well as researching which traders really go that extra mile with their own environmental, charitable or social initiatives. A massive well done to all the team at Poco Loco, for being our Inspirational Trader 2017.”
The runner-up was La Bonne Crepe. Shambala is at a secret location in the county.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
The weekend is for having finally bought a casserole pan and being really excited to casserole some things. Or just make brownies in it. The weekend is also for playing video games.
I cannot stop playing Subnautica, even though I've hit a bit of a snag progressing in the story. I've been too scared to go deeper into the ocean, tending to strike out a bit aimlessly and then having to scurry back to my safe base in the shallows. This weekend, I'm going to make a bunch of beacons and try to map out the different areas I've found, invests the resources to upgrade my vehicles, and steel myself to descend into the terrifying darkness.
One of the things I really like about Subnautica, at least in survival mode, is that the penalty for death isn't that severe. When you die, you just lose the resources you've gathered since you last stepped foot in a vehicle or base. It can be a little annoying, but not game-ending, and I've seen players recommend counteracting it by building little bases in areas you're unsure of so you can ‘save' your progress before you explore. This means I could push myself more, which is what I'm going to have to do to find out what the heck is going on around this watery planet.
What about you? What are you playing?
New Delhi [India], Oct. 6 (ANI): India's leading fashion e-tailer Jabong is all set for the festive season and expects to see a doubling of its revenues.
The e-commerce platform's core consumer base is constantly growing as the company has seen a 66 percent expansion in its app consumer base since 2016.
To lure customers this festive season, Jabong has come up with a triple punch. A 360-degree nationwide brand campaign "You Are The Festival" is being launched. The campaign depicts Jabong's unique and quirky take on fashion, and aptly celebrates its target consumers' individuality with a display of a wide range of fusion wear. A host of new features have also been added to the app to make the shopping easier and the product experience more fun. These include voice search, visual filters, reduced load time, and popularity index amongst others. The final punch is to make the delivery experience faster and seamless.
"We expect a 2x revenue jump this festive season and the highest ever traffic on our platform. Our focus is to provide a complete range of fashion solutions for our core consumer base - the modern women and men who are free-spirited and confident of their choices, be it in fashion or otherwise," said Head of Business, Jabong, Gunjan Soni.
Jabong has also launched five limited edition stores, viz. FESTIVE, FORMAL, PARTY, ETHNIC and BEAUTY on its platform. (ANI)
Hello Beautiful Staff
Actress Kerry Washington stepped out with a new look this past Sunday in Los Angeles. They were attending the 19th Annual Day of Indulgence in Brentwood on Sunday.
😍❤️ #kerrywashington A post shared by ALL things Kerry & Janet 😘 (@kerryxjanet) on Aug 13, 2017 at 8:01pm PDT
The 40-year-old traded in their “Olivia Pope” sleek tresses for a full blown, natural afro while wearing a sleeveless denim dress that came above their knees and had a gold buckle in the middle of their waist. Them brown and black touch were a cute match with their brown and black platform sandals.
#kerrywashington #nnamdiasomugha #beauty #blackhair #blackgirl #blackgirlrock 😍😍 A post shared by KnN (@kwna2105) on Aug 14, 2017 at 12:35am PDT
It seems like Kerry has been trying different styles this summer. Does the afro look your favorite, or do you prefer their usual sexy red carpet look? Hit us up in the comments and let us know!
DON'T MISS:
Olivia Pope May Have A Dark Future, But Kerry Washington Looks Bright
HAUTE HAIR: Get Kerry Washington's Sexy Red Carpet Hairstyle
Kerry Washington Steps Out In Fire Red Jumpsuit At Paleyfest
NAIROBI Kenya has arrested a suspected Islamic State militant on the country's "most wanted" list who allegedly helped send recruits to Libya and Somalia, police said on Thursday.
Police seized Ali Hussein Ali, who is nicknamed "Trusted One", and two accomplices in the coastal town of Malindi on Monday.
In a statement, the police said Ali had helped smuggle recruits to Islamic State in Libya where they have ties with a human trafficking ring, and to the al Shabaab militant group in Somalia. They also moved money around East Africa and beyond for Islamic State, police said.
Kenya has in recent years suffered a series of attacks by al Shabaab, which is waging an insurgency against the U.N.-backed government in Somalia, where Kenya has deployed peacekeepers.
Islamic State has also claimed at least two low-level attacks in Kenya.
Kenyan police said Ali was born in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, and moved to Kenya in 2010 under the guise of being a tourist. They then moved to Libya, via South Africa and Sudan, where they joined IS, before returning to Kenya last November, police added.
The two men they were arrested with are also suspected of having links to Islamic State and al Shabaab, the police said.
(Reporting by Humphrey Malalo; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Richard Lough)
The introductory prices of the Tata Nexon will also be revised from January 2018 with a hike ranging up to Rs 25,000
Tata Motors has announced a price hike, effective from January 2018, across its lineup, including the recently launched, Nexon sub-4m SUV. The price hike will range up to Rs 25,000 and Tata has said, “The changing market conditions, rising input costs and various external economic factors have compelled us to consider the price increase.”
The introductory prices for the Tata Nexon, which was launched on September 21, 2017, will be revised starting from January 2018. Depending on its variants and engine options, the hike in the case of the Tata Nexon will be up to Rs 25,000, same as its other siblings.
Tata Nexon Introductory Prices (ex-showroom, New Delhi
Variants
Petrol
Diesel
XE
Rs 5.85 lakh
Rs 6.85 lakh
XM
Rs 6.49 lakh
Rs 7.39 lakh
XT
Rs 7.29 lakh
Rs 8.14 lakh
XZ+
Rs 8.44 lakh
Rs 9.29 lakh
XZ+ (Dual-tone)
Rs 8.59 lakh
Rs 9.44 lakh
On December 1, 2017, Tata rolled out the 10,000th Nexon from its Ranjangaon facility. The Tata Nexon averages around 3-4k units a month, which is decent for the automaker. However, compared to the top-two sub-4m SUVs, the Vitara Brezza and the EcoSport facelift, the Nexon sits at the third sport, just above the Honda WR-V. For detailed info, check out the story: 10,000th Tata Nexon Rolls Out.
Check out Tata Motors year-end offers, which are applicable to its entire lineup (except for the Nexon), here: Tata Motors Announces Year-End Discounts
March 30 Basler Ag
* Reports annual forecast for 2017: the company expects strong growth in 2017
* Expects sales revenues to increase to 120 - 130 million euros in fiscal year 2017
* Company assumes to generate incoming orders of more than 50 million euros in Q1
* On earnings side, company plans a pre-tax return rate of 13 - 15 pct depending on sales development for 2017
* Incoming orders in first three months developed significantly above expectations and above strategic growth target of 15 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Meat Starter Culture Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Chr. Hansen, Danisco, Kerry, SOYUZSNAB, FRUTAROM, GalacticÂ, PROQUIGA, Sacco System, Canada Compound, Lallemand, D.M.Dunningham, BIOTEC, Stuffers Supply Company, DNR Sausage Supplies.
The report begins with introducing the global Meat Starter Culture market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Meat Starter Culture report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-meat-starter-culture-market/5930/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Meat Starter Culture Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Maturation Starters, Surface Starters.
Meat Starter Culture Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Meat, Poultry, Seafood, Others.
Key points in the Meat Starter Culture Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-meat-starter-culture-market/5930/#inquiry
From all of this Meat Starter Culture market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Meat Starter Culture market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Meat Starter Culture distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A shopper buys vegetables on a market in Nice southern France, February 28. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard/File Photo
PARIS French consumer prices rose 0.7 percent in March, giving a year-on-year inflation rate of 1.4 percent, preliminary EU-harmonised data released on Friday from the INSEE national statistics office showed.
The 12-month rate was in line with a Reuters poll of 18 economists' average forecast and was unchanged from the rate recorded the previous month.
Separately, INSEE said that producer prices fell 0.2 percent in February, giving a 12-month rate of 3.9 percent.
GRAPHIC
reut.rs/2iwelTX
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas, Editing by Dominique Vidalon)
By Ikechukwu Nnochiri
ABUJA—The Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, Justice Walter Onnoghen, yesterday, expressed concern over what they described as unending litigation in courts, saying the delay in justice delivery has scared away potential investors from the country.
The CJN directed judges to, henceforth, encourage litigants to explore Alternative Dispute Resolution, ADR, mechanism in less contentious cases, stressing that would help in the decongestion of courts.
Onnoghen spoke at the opening ceremony of the 2018 National Seminar on Construction Law for Judges, held at National Judicial Institute, NJI, in Abuja.
They maintained that courts must ensure that contracts where arbitration clauses are inserted, must first go through arbitration before the litigation option is explored.
According to him, “this will encourage case flow management, increase investors' confidence in the construction sector and further strengthen the economy.”
The CJN warned that use of ADR mechanism would form part of the quarterly performance evaluation for Judges..
They said: “My Lords, distinguished participants, ladies and gentlemen, it goes without saying that a justice system, which is riddled with delays in the adjudication of cases will be unattractive to investors.
“It is also instructive to note that, where Alternative Dispute Resolution, ADR, mechanisms are effectively deployed, same will drastically reduce the volume of cases before our courts. Such a system will encourage investment as investors will be confident that their assets and investments are secured.
“Despite so many laws regulating the construction sector, it has been faced with a myriad of challenges, which has made it unattractive to investors. The most crucial challenge as it relates to Judges is the seeming unending litigations in our courts.”
In their welcome address, Administrator of the NJI, Justice R.P. I. Bozimo, said it was important for judges to continously update their knowledge on specialised area of law and other regulations governing the construction sector so as to ensure fairness to disputing parties.
“The theme of this seminar, ‘Laying the Foundation for Effective Dispute Resolution in the Nigerian Construction Sector' is apt. This sector is distinct as it plays a significant role in socio-economic development.”
“It is instructive to mention that Nigeria is undergoing incredible growth and as a result of this, the sector faces numerous challenges ranging from archaic regulations, demand and supply, disputes in relation to claims for payment, damages due to defects in completed works, and variations in contract sums due to inflation,” they added.
Inflo Software has won a prestigious international award that puts it at the forefront of data analytics and AI worldwide.
Media Contact
Paul Robinson
0044 (0) 7971146888
***@inflosoftware.com Paul Robinson0044 (0) 7971146888
End
-- Inflo is setting high standards in the world of accounting software after winning a top international award for Accountancy Software of the Year.At the prestigious annual Accountant & International Accounting Bulletin 2017 awards on the 4October in London, Inflo scooped the top award in the accountancy software category beating off stiff competition. Mark Edmondson, CEO at Inflo said: "We are delighted to have won this award – it's testament to the hard work of the team and the in-depth understanding of the profession that makes our software and services so relevant to our partner firms. It is fantastic that our work is being recognized on the international stage."Inflo allows accounting firms to use data driven techniques to add value to every accountancy engagement and improve the accuracy, speed and overall client experience. Inflo allows accountants to complement their skills with advanced technology, building stronger, more valuable relationships with their clients. Mark added: "Inflo offers a true end-to-end solution, from extracting financial data from any accounting system through wcj to providing invaluable peer benchmarking across any client industry. It allows accounting firms to perform analysis in seconds that previously would not have been possible in hours."The company is growing rapidly, working with large global networks and forward thinking smaller practices. The team provide an unrivalled level of support alongside their software and work closely with a broad range of stakeholders to continually enhance the solution. Graham Clark, COO for Inflo said: "The accounting firms using our services are regularly being asked by their clients to provide the outputs of Inflo on a more routine basis, which is allowing firms to be more creative in how they work with clients and provide value to them. The accountancy experience of our support team coupled with our in-house development team means our customer firms receive a complete service from us and can very quickly receive the full benefit of our solution"With demand increasing across the accountancy profession for more advanced technologies and the global applicability of the solution, Inflo is set to continue to rapidly grow.For more information on Inflo, please visit http://inflosoftware.com/
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Phillips 66:
* PHILLIPS 66 - QTRLY TOTAL REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME $30,123 MILLION VERSUS $23,668 MILLION Source text: (bit.ly/2nAI8O1) Further company coverage:
On March 15, Richmond County deputies were called out to an apartment on Walton Way for a reported home invasion. On Monday, investigators released a description of the man they believe is responsible.
The suspect is described as a black man around 5-feet-10-inches tall and between 180 and 200 lbs. They were last seen wearing a black hoodie and dark-colored pants.
If you have any information about this case, please contact the Richmond County Sheriff's Office Violent Crimes Division at 706-821-1020.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Shh! Apple's Always-On HomePod Can Be Muted for Privacy
By their very nature smart speakers need to constantly listen to you, but having a machine directly linked to a major corporation when it could be harvesting private information feels like an invasion of privacy.
All of the major manufacturers of smart speakers claim that you aren't really being listened to, not in the way that everyone seems to fear, but to assuage these fears, there are mute functions for the microphones in many smart speakers, and now we seem to have confirmation that Apple's upcoming HomePod will also have the ability to mute its mics.
The reveal comes from a Twitter user called Filipe Espósito, who describes themselves as an "Apple specialist and soon-to-be professional journalist." While digging around in the image assets accompanying iOS 11.2.5, Espósito found a number of icons that point towards different "scenes" the alter the functionality of the HomePod, including mute functions.
Siri, What Do These Pictures Mean?
At the moment the exact meaning behind these images is a matter of speculation, but since mute icon is a fairly universal symbol it's a safe bet that this is what it does. Obviously it could mean a mute of the speakers rather than the mic, but Espósito does mention the ability to disable Siri.
It's not yet clear whether this mute functionality is hardware or software based. The Amazon Echo's mute button is a hardware switch, which means that a hacker could never un-mute the speaker using a software exploit. This is an important security feature of the speaker.
In a further comment, they also confirm that he's found some data strings that point towards multiple accounts for voice.
Apple's HomePod was originally supposed to see a December 2017 release, but it was pushed back and we're now expecting to see it hit shelves in the next few weeks, with a supplier suggesting it could ship in February.
Aside from the mute icon, the meaning behind the other images are a little harder to discern. There are some obvious ones, like the HomePod, mute icon and lamp, which we'd assume is some kind of ‘shut up I'm working' function. More obscure are the image of a single fried egg and box of popcorn which we're wondering if Apple put in there just because they knew this exact thing was going to happen.
The icons do appear again with the house icon, the stickman walking towards the house and the Apple TV icon, so it's possible that it's a geolocation setting of ‘when I'm arriving home turn the TV on, put the lights in movie mode...and fry me an egg?'
I guess for some of them we'll just have to wait and see. Hopefully the rumors are right, because February isn't too long to wait.
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shot by Apple.
Highlanders and All Blacks star Ben Smith has a new nickname, coach Aaron Mauger revealed after their side's 55-29 pre-season win over the Waratahs in Queenstown last night.
Making their return to rugby after a sabbatical away from the game to end 2017, Smith returned for the Highlanders, losing a tooth in the process, with their teammates quick to dish out a new nickname, replacing the affectionate "Ben from accounts" tag.
"I think that's the second one (tooth) he's had this pre-season," coach Aaron Mauger told 1 NEWS.
"I think the boys are actually calling them Lloyd off Dumb and Dumber!"
"It came out over the speaker that one of the local dentists was going to look after him. He's a popular man, so hopefully they get it fixed before too long."
All joking aside, Mauger also spoke about what it means to have their skipper back in action.
"It's been great to have them back."
"He's a pretty phenomenal sort of leader, he's a guy that just leads with their actions."
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – ASX-listed Azure Minerals has reported an initial resource of 2.9-million tonnes, grading 5% zinc and 2.8% lead at its Oposura zinc/lead/silver project, in Mexico.
The company told shareholders that 75% of the contained metal was within the indicated mineral resource category, with the resource remaining open for extensions with further drilling planned for 2018.
Advertisement
“This initial Oposura mineral resource is a very positive outcome for the company's development and production strategy. Containing over 220 000 t of zinc and lead and 1.6-million ounces of silver in near surface, high grade mineralised zones, Oposura is presenting a strong case for mine development,” said Azure MD Tony Rovira.
“Openpit and underground mine planning and scheduling are now under way. The schedules will be used to optimise the proposed plant throughput rate and finalise the capital and operating cost estimates.”
Advertisement
The resource was based on 173 diamond drill holes, totalling more than 11 100 m.
A Wellingborough cabbie has been found guilty of four offences of not using their taxi meter.
Shafique Miah, of Alexandra Road, took a passenger on four separate journeys from the railway station in Wellingborough to the town centre in February.
On each occasion Miah failed to activate the taxi meter and upon reaching the destination charged the passenger £4 for the journey.
The passenger obtained a receipt for three of the four journeys and complained to Wellingborough Council's licensing team.
When interviewed by council officers Miah claimed the meter was activated and that the meter showed a fare in excess of £4 on each journey, so they had rounded it down.
However, when giving evidence in court, Miah claimed the fare was less than £4 each time but that they had been given a tip by the passenger to match the sum recorded on the receipts of £4.
Magistrates found Miah's evidence inconsistent and fined them £200, with costs of £1,022.50 and a victim surcharge of £30 - a total of £1,252.50.
Miah had previously been prosecuted for not using their meter during a journey in 2014.
They will now be referred to the council's licensing sub-committee.
Cllr Graham Lawman, chairperson of the borough council's services committee, said: “The outcome of this case should send a clear message to any driver who may be considering overcharging passengers or not using their meter.
“Hackney carriage drivers are required to use the meter for all journeys within the borough and must not charge more than the metered fare.
“The council does not receive many complaints about drivers not using their meters or overcharging, but we do investigate all complaints made.
“Officers also undertake test purchases and other operations to check compliance.”
A tariff of fares must be displayed in all hackney carriages and passengers are advised to check that the meter has been activated at the start of any journey.
If you believe you have been overcharged, you are advised to request a receipt from the driver, note the vehicle registration or licence number and driver description, and contact the council's licensing team on (01933) 231966.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AUGUSTA (WJBF) – As the flu continues to impact the Southeast, schools in our area continue to see empty seats in classrooms either due to positive flu tests or at least flu like symptoms.
Greenbrier Elementary is one of many schools that has seen an impact as many of its students are staying at home.
Principal Mary Bridges says they would like for them to attend school but should stay home if they are showing any symptoms. So far Greenbrier has seen not just students taking a sick day but also teachers.
“Yesterday we had 85 kids out. We have a total of 686 kids,” said Bridges. “So it's a pretty good number. Teachers, you know it fluctuates from one day to the next, today five teachers. some of them are out because their children go here and they're sick.”
The at Greenbrier Elementary are wiping and spraying down the classroom after each class. In fact, the Elementary school spent more than 500 dollars on cleaning supplies just in the past two weeks.
Bridges says their biggest goal in keeping their students safe from the flu, is stressing the importance of hand-washing, not just using sanitizer.
“Yesterday we had 85 Kids out.,”said Bridges. “We have a total of 686 kids. So it's pretty good number. Teachers, you know it fluctuates from one day to the next, today five teachers. Some of them are out because their children go here and they're sick.”
Richmond County School district. They are also seeing an increase in absences as well.
In a communication, the Home Ministry told the three states to beef up security and ensure that no violence takes place after the judgment tomorrow.
The three states were also told to deploy additional forces in sensitive places, the Home Ministry official said.
Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana have the large number of followers of Asaram.
Prohibitory orders have already been issued in Jodhpur where the trial court will deliver its verdict in the Central Jail premises, as directed by the Rajasthan High Court.
"We have made all arrangements for the judgment day, DIG Jail Vikram Singh said.
The magistrate along with court staff, Asaram and the co-accused along with the defence and prosecution counsels will remain present in the courtroom in jail premises, they said.
Asaram is accused of raping a teenage girl from Shahajahanpur in Uttar Pradesh, who was studying at the godman's ashram at Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh.
The victim had alleged that Asaram called them to their ashram in Manai area near Jodhpur and raped them on the night of August 15, 2013.
Security was also stepped up around the victim's house in Shahajahanpur.
"The security for the victim's family is continuously being monitored... Two more constables will stand guard outside their house in addition to the five police officers already deployed there, and a strict vigil is being maintained on all the visitors using CCTV cameras," Superintendent of Police K B Singh told PTI .
A vigil was also being kept on Asaram's ashram at Rudrapur, they said.
The Union Home Ministry's advisory was sent in view of the fact that large-scale violence was seen in Haryana, Punjab and Chandigarh after a special court pronounced its verdict in a rape case against Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim last year.
Final arguments in the case had been completed by the special court for SC/ST cases on April 7 and the court had kept the order reserved to be pronounced on April 25.
Asaram was arrested in Indore and brought to Jodhpur on 1 September, 2013.  They are under judicial custody since September 2, 2013.
The chargesheet against Asaram and four other co-accused Shiva, Shilpi, Sharad and Prakash had been filed by the police on November 6, 2013 under various sections of the POSCO Act, Juvenile Justice Act and IPC.
"We have imposed section 144 of CrPC in the city from April 21 and it would remain effective till April 30. Besides this, we have been keeping a sharp eye on Asaram's ashrams and checking all hotels and guest houses as well as the bus and railway stations, DCP (East) Aman Deep Singh said in Jodhpur.
We will also seal the jail on the day of judgment and would not allow anyone to get close to the jail premises, they said.
Asaram has unsuccessfully moved 12 bail applications, of which six were rejected by the trial court, three by the Rajasthan high court and three by the Supreme Court. For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday asked Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana to tighten security and deploy additional forces ahead of the verdict by a Jodhpur court in a rape case against self-styled godman Asaram, an official said.
NEW YORK (WTEN) – AOL announced that it is shutting down AOL Instant Messenger after 20 years.
AIM will be discontinued on December 15, 2017. After this date, you will no longer be able to access or sign in to AIM services on any platform.
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed. As a result we've made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM,” AOL said in a press release.
Learn what happens with your data once AIM shuts down.
AIM was released in 1997.
(Updates with company confirmation, detail, context)
By Hadeel Al Sayegh and Tom Arnold
DUBAI, March 30 The chief executive and vice chairperson of Dubai Holding have left the company, it said on Thursday, continuing a string of high-profile staff changes at the investment vehicle of the emirate's ruler.
The departures come a few days after Abdulla al-Habbai was chosen as chairperson of the investment conglomerate by Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, giving them responsibility for a $35 billion portfolio of assets in more than 20 countries.
Dubai Holding Chief Executive Fadel al-Ali and vice chairperson and managing director Ahmad Bin Byat had decided to "step down" from their positions, the company said in a statement.
"Both of them have played an exceptional role in building the business and have been instrumental in making Dubai Holding the globally recognised investment conglomerate and national champion that it is today," the company said.
Al-Habbai, who is also chairperson of real estate developer Meraas Holding, will oversee the business, Dubai Holding said without elaborating.
Dubai Holding's previous chairperson, Mohammed Abdullah al-Gergawi, resigned last month, having headed the company since it was founded in 2004. Gergawi said they wanted to work full-time for the United Arab Emirates government, where they are minister of cabinet affairs and in charge of strategy development.
Outgoing CEO al-Ali, who is believed to be in their early sixties, has been with the company since 2005 and was described as "very hands-on" by a source familiar with the matter, helping to steer the company's investment firms through restructurings after the global financial crisis.
 They are also chairperson of Dubai Properties, Dubai International Capital and Dubai Group, according to the Dubai Holding website.
(Editing by David Goodman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Ellen DeGeneres known for their humor, loving spirit and giving personality is also known for the array of talent they bring on their show. Today's guest, a 12 year old boy from Wales is taking the world by surprise.
Reuben de Maid took to the stage to perform Jennifer Holliday's “And I'm Telling You I'm Not Going” hit. Their stunning performance is sure to leave you stunned!
At the end of their jaw-dropping performance they sit down for Q&A with Ellen in which we learn, he's been singing since they could talk. And although their voice is to die for, their true passion is make-up. Doing their own make-up and putting most others to shame!
Enough talking… just watch!
Beanpole quick Billy Stanlake has announced themselves on the international cricket stage with Australia restricting New Zealand to 117-9 in the first tri-series Twenty20 match at the SCG.
Colin de Grandhomme of New Zealand bats during game one of the International Twenty20 series between Australia and New Zealand at Sydney Cricket Ground in Sydney, Australia. Source: Getty
Stanlake finished with figures of 3-15 after ripping through the Black Caps' top order, taking wickets off their first two balls to remove both New Zealand openers before claiming another scalp in their three-over opening spell.
In just their fourth international match, 23-year-old Stanlake nudged 150km/h throughout their four overs as they beat Colin Munro and Tom Bruce for pace and bounce on the pull shot when both were on three.
Their inswinging delivery to remove Martin Guptill was their best, beating the Kiwi star all ends up and taking the top of off stump.
"That is the most nervous that I have felt in quite a while," Stanlake told the Nine Network.
"The first over seemed to settle me down a bit so that was nice."
Such was the early dominance of Stanlake and fellow opening quick Kane Richardson (0-28), they sent down 18 dots in the first four overs and held New Zealand to 3-29 in the six-over powerplay.
They also helped to limit Black Caps captain Kane Williamson to the slowest innings of their 47-match international T20 career, before Andrew Tye had them caught off a leading edge at cover for eight off 20 balls.
Tye finished with 4-23, as they returned to clean up the tail and kept world No.2-ranked New Zealand to less than a run a ball in an innings for the first time since 2012.
FOR leftists, American assistance in the Marawi battle shows that our freedom as a nation is compromised, subject to the pressures and policies of a global superpower.
For Marawi evacuees, their lives are upended, endangered, or ended by terrorists seeking to supplant the government at the instructions of a brutal foreign cabal.
For at least a million families, Filipinos are enslaved by narco-syndicates sucking wealth, wits and will out of sons and daughters, husbands and wives, brothers and sisters desperate for a sniff, a smoke, a pill, or a poke.
And for most Filipinos spared from geopolitical machinations, extremist assaults, and narco-slavery, the burdens of poverty, misgovernance and corruption shackle the lives and futures of millions.
Going over these very real and seemingly eternal chain of crime, drugs, rebellion, corruption, and foreign domination binding so many millions in the Philippines, one wonders what all the flag-raising was about on Monday.
Quite simply, we as a nation cannot really cheer or even speak of freedom when so many of us remain subjugated, if not imperiled by enormities and entities seeking to exploit, enslave, intimidate, exterminate, and otherwise impose their will and agenda on huge swathes of the nation.
Chained by extremism and drugs
For sure, the most brutal and headline-grabbing oppressors are the so-called Islamic State, which then-UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon decried as neither Islamic, nor a state. IS has spurred and funded the hundreds of extremists still fighting the Armed Forces for one-fifth of Marawi City, according to the AFP's update on Tuesday.
IS not only threw 200,000 mostly Muslim Maranao folk from their homes, but has ensnared the minds, hearts and bodies of many young Mindanaoans, who have given their lives and futures to IS' false-Islam ideology.
One wonders who is more oppressed: the Marawi residents fleeing the demon of IS–funded and –inspired extremism, or the armed bands enraptured by it, thinking it is the way to heaven in this world or the next, when hell is the only thing it will bring.
Turning to the top headline-making enslaver until last month, narco-syndicates have by the nose, puff, pill or needle between 1 million and 5 million drug users, depending on who's doing the counting.
Add five close family and friends per junkie, and that's one in 20 or up to one in five Filipinos burdened by narcotics. And if addicts are driven to rob, steal, rape, assault, or kill by their habit, the narco-chain winds around even more people.
How many more? In the past Aquino administration, crime tripled from 324,083 incidents in 2010 to more than a million a year in 2013 and 2014, according to the Philippine Statistics Authority.
In that same period, smuggling trebled too, from $7.9 billion in 2009 to $26.6 billion in 2014, based on International Monetary Fund trade data. And as then-President Benigno Aquino 3rd decried, the torrent of contraband included guns and drugs.
Lots of the killer cargo gushed in during Aquino's first full year in office, when more than 2,000 shipping containers disappeared uninspected and untaxed, with no investigation done on that biggest spate of smuggling in Philippine history.
Bottom line: With 3 million or more crimes committed under Aquino since 2013, that explosion of lawlessness victimized nearly 5 million Filipinos, assuming a low average of 1.5 victims per crime. And their close kith and kin, conservatively estimated at five per victim, bring the number of victims, family and friends to 30 million or so.
In sum, one-third of Filipinos suffered from drugs, crime or both. And the about same proportion of voters elected Rodrigo Roa Duterte to free the nation from the scourge of lawlessness and narcotics.
Insurgents and empire-builders
Next on our list of “freedom frighters” are empire builders on opposing ends of the ideological spectrum.
Communist rebels and Mindanao separatists fought the government for decades, and carved out areas of insurgency, where they fancy themselves as liberators of the poor and the oppressed.
Yet their violence and extortion have only driven away the development programs and business ventures needed to truly free communities from poverty and backwardness.
Thankfully, Muslim rebels have shaken off extremist leanings, and forged peace accords with the government. They now help in creating secure corridors for Marawi civilians caught in the crossfire to escape or at least receive relief goods.
By contrast, leftist insurgents continue to cling to the mad idea that their guerrilla attacks can somehow bring progress and liberation to the suffering Filipino masses. Thus, when Marawi erupted in jihadist terror, the communist leadership ordered its armed wing, the New People's Army, to escalate attacks.
And who suffers from the NPA depredations? The communities oppressed by Red rebels, and the fighters themselves, wasting their lives on a failed, pointless ideology.
Rounding out our list of oppressors are the power-wielders in governments here and abroad.
At home, corrupt officialdom, though a minority of elected and appointed officialdom, have wasted resources and gamed policies, projects and programs for the venal, well-connected rich.
Thus, the poor remain bereft of social services, infrastructure facilities, and economic opportunities, because the elite skirt taxes, skim contracts, and evade rules meant to help the needy and enforce fairness.
Turning abroad, rulers of powerful nations and their business and media cohorts seek to expand their global dominance. And like IS, they have their minions, who extol the virtues of alliance with one or the other country.
But in the end, all these big powers serve their own interests, and will use and abuse little nations, while seeming to serve the latter's welfare and interests.
Amid this menagerie of extremists, criminals, rebels, grafters, and imperialists, plus their pawns in the country, how can Filipinos truly be free?
Let's talk about that next week.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May address the media prior to a meeting at the chancellery in Berlin, Germany, November 18, 2016. REUTERS/Michael Sohn/Pool - RTX2UAF1
BERLIN Negotiations about a future free trade agreement between Britain and the European Union can take place only after the contours of the Brexit divorce talks are clear, a spokesperson for German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday.
Steffen Seibert said Merkel had noted the close relationship between Britain and the EU, adding "in the negotiations it must first be clarified how this interconnection is orderly unbundled."
They told a regular government news conference that Germany would look carefully at the EU's draft on how the bloc's remaining 27 members want to negotiate Brexit.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Paul Carrel)
Whipsnade Zoo is set to get tails wagging with the exciting arrival of a pack of endangered African hunting dogs in April.
And to mark their arrival, popular kids television characters Chase and Marshall from PAW Patrol will be visiting on a couple of days during the school Easter holidays to welcome the dogs to their new home.
Also known as African wild dogs or painted dogs, five members of the charismatic species will be introduced to a huge new exhibit that has been built especially for them.
Initially the pack will be made up of five females, a group of sisters named Malindi, BeeBee, Brandy, Donnie and Ginger, who are relocating from Whipsnade's sister site in London.
It is hoped that males will join in the future to form a new conservation breeding group, as part of the European Endangered Species Programme
The species scientific name, Lycaon pictus, translates to ‘painted wolf' and refers to the animal's white, black and brown mottled coat, the pattern of which is unique to each individual.
From a raised viewing platform visitors to Whipsnade will be able to spot the dogs' most defining feature - their huge rounded ears, that not only help them to pick up vocal calls of pack members, but also help to keep them cool.
The PAW Patrol characters Chase and Marshall will be at Whipsnade Zoo on Saturday April 8 and Sunday April 9. Meet and greets will be held at intervals between 10.30am and 5,30pm. Sessions will be on a first come, first served basis.
Normal entry charges to Whipsnade apply, adults £21.40, children £16.60, concessions £19.55, under threes go free. Family offers are available online. To buy tickets online and to check out further information go to www.zsl.org
There is free car parking immediately outside the gates.
The former Doctor Who stars will voice the cartoon characters when the rebooted series launches next year.
Comedian Catherine Tate will reunite with their former Doctor Who co-star David Tennant as they join the cast of cartoon comedy DuckTales.
They will voice the villainous Magica De Spell, arch nemesis to Tennant's Scrooge McDuck, in Disney's reboot of the series next year.
The original animation first launched 30 years ago, with more than 100 episodes produced between 1987 and 1990.
Magica De Spell (Disney XD/PA)
Magica De Spell, also known as the Sorceress of the Shadows, first made an appearance in the earlier 1961 comic book, Uncle Scrooge.
The series will see their attempt to exact an evil and elaborate revenge by infiltrating Scrooge's family with the help of their niece, Lena (Kimiko Glenn).
Known for their wide-ranging skills in voices and accents in their hit sketch show, The Catherine Tate Show, Tate starred as the Time Lord's right-hand Donna Noble in the hit BBC sci-fi drama between 2006 and 2010.
Tate and Tennant in Doctor Who (BBC/PA)
Broadchurch star Tennant will take on their role as the animated “trillionaire” for the first time in a TV movie special, entitled Woo-oo! next month.
The full series will then air in 2018 as Tennant also stars in the hotly anticipated show, Good Omens.
DuckTales will launch in the UK in early 2018 on Disney Channel and DisneyLife, following Woo-oo! on November 13.
© Press Association 2017
WASHINGTON — An Iranian naval patrol boat shined a laser at a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter flying over the Strait of Hormuz in what officials said was an unsafe encounter.
U.S. Navy Cmdr. Bill Urban said Wednesday that the Iranian vessel also turned its spotlight on two Navy ships that were moving through the strait on Tuesday. Urban, a U.S. Fifth Fleet spokesperson, said the Iranian boat came within 800 yards of the USS Bataan, an amphibious assault ship, and scanned it from bow to stern with the spotlight. It also shined the light on the USS Cole, a guided missile destroyer.
The Marine CH-53E Super Stallion heavy lift helicopter automatically fired flares in response to the laser. No one was injured and there was no damage to the ships.
A third American vessel, the USNS Washington Chambers cargo ship, was accompanying the others but was not affected.
Urban said the action was considered unsafe because "illuminating helicopters with lasers at night is dangerous as it creates a navigational hazard that can impair vision and can be disorienting to pilots using night vision goggles."
This article was written by Lolita C. Baldor from The Associated Press and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network. Please direct all licensing questions to legal@newscred.com.
The US Navy Submarine Force Coin!
Contact
Navy Crow
hq@navycrow.com Navy Crow
End
-- The US Navy has the longest and most storied submarine traditions of any nation in the world. From the Revolutionary War's Turtle to the Ohio-class SSBNs of modern time, the Silent Service has been a force to be feared for 242 years. Submariners have fought, killed, and bled for this nation, and they arguably provide more to our national defense than any other group of men or women in the United States Navy.Upon the release of the Submarine Force design, we were immediately flooded with requests to make this design into one of our best-selling coins. We're proud to announce that as of April 15, Navy Crow has provided the opportunity to purchase one of these limited edition coins!Being a submariner requires an incredible amount of patience and dedication. Months beneath the sea, albeit with decent food, very few port visits, and the ever-present danger that you might have to blow up an entire continent at any minute.It is with great pride and humility that we give the opportunity to all US Navy Submariners to show their colors with honor!Check out the Submarine coin here: https://navycrow.com/ product/sea- bag/us-navy- submarine-fo... Do you have an idea for a custom design? Email us at hq@navycrow.com and we'll give you a quote! We've done designs for private citizens, American Legion, VSW, and various ships and submarine commands around the Navy!
New Delhi: Opener Manjot Kalra's unbeaten 101 off 102 balls guided India to a thumping 8-wicket victory against Australia in the finals of the U19 Cricket World Cup in Mount Maunganui. With this victory Indian team created history by becoming first nation to bag four World Cup titles.
The team outclassed the Australians in all departments. Bowlers, with their precise line and length created pressure that eventually led to the Aussie collapse on 216. While batting, the top order yet again performed in an exceptional manner. Captain Prithvi Shaw (29), Shubman Gill(31) and wicketkeeper Harvik Desai (47 not out) stitched partnerships with Kalra and guided India to an easy 8-wicket win in the finals.
Soon after the victory, congratulatory messages poured in from all quarters. Social media went berserk and along with the team, Coach Rahul Dravid was also praised for terrific off-the-field effort.
WITH GREAT TEAM WORK, BIG DREAMS WORK. Congratulations to our WORLD CHAMPIONS!! We are proud of you. A big congratulation to Rahul and Paras for their guidance. #ICCU19CWC #INDvAUS pic.twitter.com/w0heorY8g6 — Sachin Tendulkar (@sachin_rt) February 3, 2018
Every Indian is delighted, all credit to Rahul Dravid for committing themselves to these young kids ,and a legend like them deserves to lay their hands on the WC. Only Fitting. #INDvAUS — Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) February 3, 2018
Congratulations to the Indian team on dominating the #U19WorldCup and being the deserved champions. Everyone stood up and maintained the intensity throughout the tournament. Truly memorable win. Cherish and soak in this moment. #INDvAUS — VVS Laxman (@VVSLaxman281) February 3, 2018
Congratulations to the young lads on winning #U19CWC! Fantastic performances all around. #INDvAUS — Anil Kumble (@anilkumble1074) February 3, 2018
Three cheers for the Boys In Blue & Coach Rahul Dravid. Team consistently brilliant in winning matches.
#Under19WorldCup #U19CWC #INDvAUS pic.twitter.com/Z2bwOzV0lN — Vijender Singh (@boxervijender) February 3, 2018
Game-changing women in theatre and the performing arts have been celebrated at the second annual Tonic Awards.
Recipients at the ceremony, hosted by Dame Jenni Murray and attended by stars including Gemma Arterton, Maxine Peake and Emma de Souza, who was honoured for their commitment to bringing new audiences into London's West End through Kids Week.
The event offers families the opportunity to experience theatre together at an affordable price.
The Clean Break theatre company was recognised for 40 years of work on the theme of women and the criminal justice system, while Waking The Feminists were honoured for a brave and creative campaign to effect positive change in regard to representation of women in Irish theatre.
#WakingtheFeminists… for a brilliant campaign for greater representation of women's voices in Irish theatre and beyond! Ursula Rani Sarma takes to the stage to present the award. #TonicAwards @WTFeminists pic.twitter.com/BUWzu4Ptdw — Tonic Theatre (@TonicTheatre) March 19, 2018
Director Katie Mitchell was given an award for their artistic work, proactive support of younger female theatre artists, and dedication to foregrounding feminism on stage.
Other winners were The Royal Exchange Theatre Manchester, Steffi Holtz and Gina Abolins, Kully Thiarai, Lyn Gardner and Caryl Churchill.
Caryl Churchill, for an extraordinary career. They dare to defy form and led the way for a new generation of female playwrights, breaking down walls in the theatre industry. Though Caryl is unable to join us, Moira Buffini pays tribute to their #TonicAwards pic.twitter.com/SpPDL1QNtQ — Tonic Theatre (@TonicTheatre) March 19, 2018
Tonic Theatre director Lucy Kerbel said: “I'm delighted that we've been joined by colleagues from across the theatre industry to celebrate the work of inspirational women who are changing our industry.
“It's a great opportunity to bring people together, creating new partnerships and sharing ideas. This last year has shown that a shared voice can make profound change, and the atmosphere of community here tonight reflects that.”
An award to Kully Thiarai for their achievements and ethos as an artistic director, and their dedication to creating work for their community. Charlotte Bennett takes to the stage to present their award! #TonicAwards pic.twitter.com/Gif1AuHo8T — Tonic Theatre (@TonicTheatre) March 19, 2018
Sita McIntosh, chair of Tonic's board of trustees, said: “Tonight has been about celebrating the success stories, and this brilliant group of women has achieved extraordinary things, leading the way for a new generation.
“The Tonic Awards is an inspiring and unique event, and we're thrilled with the support It's had from across the industry. It shows a desire to platform the success stories and come together to drive for further change and greater representation of women across the theatre industry.”
© Press Association 2018
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The so-called “super” consortium looking to rehabilitate, upgrade and operate the Ninoy Aquino Internation Airport (NAIA) is open to shortening its proposed concession period to address the Transportation department's concerns.
“The NAIA Consortium is considering a shorter concession period, given the pronouncement of [Transportation] Secretary [Arthur] Tugade that 35 years is too long,” spokesperson Jose Emmanuel Reverente said at sidelines of an airport development forum on Tuesday.
“Sec. [Tugade] has mentioned several periods, eight to 10 or 15 years, so we are looking at those time periods,” they added.
With the consortium's proposal involving two phases, a shorter concession period could mean that construction of a third runway would have to be shelved.
“[W]e'll probably won't be able to do phase two because to do it will take almost 10 years. If [the]concession period is shorter, there won't be enough time to recover [development costs],” Reverente said.
“If you remove the third runway, P100-billion na lang ang cost ng project (the project cost will only be P100 billion),” they added.
Plans to add a “people mover” transit system linking the airport to the proposed Metro Manila Subway and the Light Rail Transit system will not be abandoned, Reverente said.
The consortium, which comprises seven Philippine conglomerates, earlier this year submitted a P350-billion unsolicited offer to transform and operate the country's main gateway. The rival GMR-Megawide group has offered a much lower $3-billion (approximately P156.7 billion) proposal with an 18-year concession period.
GMR-Megawide has questioned the NAIA Consortium's plans to tweak its proposal, saying this “should be properly revised and resubmitted to the government. It also follows that this re-submitted proposal should be evaluated after GMR-Megawide proposal.”
Reverente, however, claimed that the consortium was within its rights to amend the proposal as it pursues the grant of original proponent status (OPS).
“[It will be a] bigger hindrance to get the OPS if we don't change the proposal, if DOTr tells us that we find your concession period unacceptable,” they said.
Larne manager David McAlinden was proud of their players following their hard fought draw at Institute, on Friday night.
McAlinden watched their side play the major of the game at Drumahoe with 10 men and their never say die attitude won them a point.
“I thought the boys were outstanding,” they said. “To be playing with ten men for nearly 100 minutes I thought they gave everything and we asked them to leave everything out on the pitch and they did that.
“People had travelled a long way and we wanted to show them what it meant to us and I think my players did that.
“To be down to ten men after 90 seconds or something, put us behind the black ball. I thought we responded brilliantly Tippey (Emmett Templeton) had a great chance to put us 2-0 up and I think if that goes in we win the game, but listen I can't fault them for anything.
“People had talked absolutely nonsense the last couple of weeks about different things surrounding the players squad and it has been absolute bullshit and I think their performance at Institute showed that.”
“I honestly didn't see the incident, I would have loved to have seen it but it's massively disappointing for me and to be quite honest I did hear a smash and then that probably drew my intention to it and young (Ciaron) Harkin is on the ground but that was as much as I have seen, so I can't say what's happened, because I would just be guessing but it's another sending off and that's disappointing.”
15, June 2017: San Antonio Car Key Pro's has formally announced their awareness campaign to help prevent infant deaths who have been forgotten about in vehicles by offering a free arm band to all customers who hire their automotive locksmith services.
Due to the continuous increase in casualties of infants who fall victim to heat deaths because of being forgotten about in vehicles San Antonio Car Key Pro's has announced their Infant Hot Vehicle Death Prevention campaign.
Mr. Uberoi the manager of San Antonio Car Key Pro's made a statement to press yesterday by saying that all infants who are left in vehicles are preventable. “It is a tragedy that deaths to infants happen. We just got tired of seeing these cases in the news. Because of this we have created our Infant Hot Vehicle Death Campaign in order to prevent future instances from occurring”.
In the United States there are an estimated 236 cases of infant deaths as a result from being forgotten about in vehicles. Most deaths are caused by careless fathers or caretakers. “We cannot let this happen again. We are now handing out our big rubber wrist bands for free to all customers who hire our automotive locksmith services in order to remind them of the importance of remembering their children”. Mr. Uberoi stated.
San Antonio Car Key Pro's is a pioneer in delivering high-quality, exceptional and long lasting automotive locksmith services to the San Antonio area. “In our continuous effort to promote a safe and secure environment, we have identified the death of infants through accidents as a major factor that needs to be curbed before it runs out of mind. We seize this opportunity to welcome everyone to join us in this campaign”. Mr. Uberoi concluded.
San Antonio Car Key Pro's is one of the larger automotive locksmith companies in the area. With a staff of certified locksmiths and many years in business they are proving to be a cut rate locksmith service. For more information interested parties can visit their website at http://carkeyssanantoniotx.com.
For Media Contact:
Company: San Antonio Car Key Pro's
Phone: 210-960-8984
Email: dispatch@carkeyssanantoniotx.com
Website: http://carkeyssanantoniotx.com
(Updates to close) Australian shares finished in positive territory, supported by materials and energy stocks, while investors remained cautious ahead of a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping later this week.
The S&P/ASX 200 index closed 0.3 percent or 19.65 points higher at 5,876.20.
"Markets are really on hold at the moment," said Ric Spooner, Chief market strategist at CMC markets, adding that investors were looking for catalysts from the Trump-Xi meeting as well as the U.S. earnings season.
Trade and security issues are set to figure prominently, with a focus on North Korea, which fired a ballistic missile from its east coast into the sea on Wednesday.
The materials index rose 2.8 percent, with BHP Billiton Ltd and Rio Tinto finishing over 3 percent higher.
Copper prices rallied as China returned from a two-day break to buy up metals following brighter global manufacturing reports.
Oil prices jumped to a near one-month high on signs of a gradual tightening in global oil inventories. Woodside Petroleum Ltd ended 1.6 percent higher.
Financials remained under pressure, with Westpac Banking Corp closing 0.6 percent down.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index reversed losses from earlier in the session to close 0.3 percent, or 20.51 points higher at 7,265.05.
Healthcare and consumer stocks led the gains, with Ryman Healthcare Ltd rising 2 percent, while a2 Milk Company Ltd rose more than 3 percent.
(Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru)
CAIRO, March 29 Egypt's cabinet approved the 2017/18 budget on Wednesday, targeting a 9.1 percent deficit for the year, Finance Minister Amr El-Garhy said in a press conference.
Revenues are expected to reach 818 billion Egyptian pounds ($45.17 billion) and revenues from taxes are expected to reach 604 billion pounds, they said. ($1 = 18.1100 Egyptian pounds) (writing by Asma Alsharif; Editing by Dominic Evans)
A limited number of tickets are now available for the cocktail hour, dinner and auction that follows the 7th Annual Ventura County Agricultural Day Golf Tournament taking place Monday, June 26 at the Spanish Hills Country Club in Camarillo.
7TH-ANNUAL-GOLF logo
Contact
Diane Rumbaugh
***@rumbaughpr.com Diane Rumbaugh
End
-- A limited number of tickets are now available for the cocktail hour, dinner and auction that follows the 7Annual Ventura County Agricultural Day Golf Tournament taking place Monday, June 26 at the Spanish Hills Country Club in Camarillo. Proceeds will support Students for Eco-Education & Agriculture (SEEAG) youth agriculture education programs.The reception begins at 3 p.m. with farm-to-bar cocktails from award winning mixologist Patrick Reynolds and farm-to-table appetizers prepared by Chef Tim Kilcoyne. Dinner is at 5 p.m. followed by a live auction. Speaking at the dinner will be Ventura County Agricultural Commissioner Henry Gonzalez. Latin guitarist Xocoyotzin Moraza will perform.Tickets are $65 per person and can be purchased at https://vcagdaygolfdinner.eventbrite.com. Tickets are still available for the 18-hole, Texas Scramble golf tournament taking place earlier in the day. For more information about the tournament, go to http://www.seeag.org/ agricultural- day-golf-tournament or contact Caitlin Paulus at 805-901-0123, caitlin@seeag.org About SEEAGFounded in 2008, Students for Eco-Education and Agriculture (SEEAG) aims to help young students understand the origins of their food by bridging the gap between agriculture and consumption through its agricultural education programming. SEEAG's "The Farm Lab" program based in Ventura County teaches schoolchildren about the origins of their food and the importance of local farmland by providing schools with classroom agricultural education and free field trips to farms. Through this program, over 15,000 elementary school students in Southern California have increased their understanding of the food journey. For more information, visit www.seeag.org or email Mary Maranville at mary@seeag.org.
Bob Fisher
WASHINGTON — None of Iowa's four members of congress or U.S. Senators were at the baseball diamond in Alexandria, Virginia, this morning where a shooting took place.
Congressman Rod Blum tweeted “prayers for all injured” shortly after news of the shooting broke. Senator Chuck Grassley's staff issued a written statement, confirming Grassley was already at the capitol when the shooting happened.
Radio Iowa called and sent text messages to staff in the other Iowa congressional offices to confirm all were safe, including the people who work in D.C. for Iowa lawmakers.
The group of Republicans who came under fire this morning were practicing for the congressional baseball game scheduled for Thursday night.
Congressman Dave Loebsack, a Democrat from Iowa City, issued a written statement this morning, saying they “was shocked and deeply saddened to hear the news of this morning's shootings. My thoughts and prayers go to Congressman Scalise, the injured staffers and law enforcement officers who were hurt by this senseless act of violence.”
=== The Washington Post this morning was reporting that the shooter, James Hodgkinson, volunteered in the Quad Cities area on the Bernie Sanders Iowa Caucus campaign. Sanders says they are “sickened by this despicable act”.
The Post also says that Iowa Congressman Steve King showed up at the crime scene on Wednesday, where according to a reporter, they blamed the violence on “the left”. King told the Post that “America has been divided, and the center of America is disappearing, and the violence is appearing in the streets, and it's coming from the left.”
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico's governmental human rights agency says municipal police were complicit in at least 38 abductions and killings in the town of Allende in northern Coahuila state, near the U.S. border.
The National Human Rights Commission issued a recommendation Monday calling on authorities to make amends to the victims' families and ensure they could return to Allende.
The commission said the Zetas drug cartel carried out the killings "with the authorization, support or acquiescence" of local police.
From March 18-20 of 2011, the Zetas sent gunmen and local police to round up everyone who shared a certain last name in the town. They were punishing someone they believed had betrayed them.
Advertisement
The precise number of people who disappeared is unknown, but estimates vary from a few dozen to several hundred.
(Adds Nestle; Updates Unilever, Linde, Fincantieri, Sunoco)
April 6 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Thursday:
** Nestle's outgoing chairperson said they could not predict what Nestle would do with its 23 percent stake in French cosmetics group L'Oréal after the termination of an agreement between the Swiss food company and the Bettencourt family, L'Oréal's biggest shareholder.
** Sunoco LP said it would sell 1,110 convenience stores to Japan's Seven & i Holdings Co for $3.3 billion as the Texas-based company shifts its focus to its fuel supply business.
** The labour and capital representatives on Linde's supervisory board stuck to their opposing positions over a planned merger with Praxair at a meeting, a supervisory board source told Reuters.
** Car parts supplier and integrator Delphi Automotive announced investments and partnerships in three privately held companies to help carmakers profit from the increasing amount of data produced by the growing number of vehicles connected to the internet.
** The French government said it had reached a preliminary deal clearing the way for Italy's Fincantieri to acquire a 48 percent stake in shipbuilder STX France, as Italian buyers aim to take control of the firm.
** Amancio Ortega, founder of the world's biggest clothing retailer Inditex and Europe's richest man, has put a majority stake in the firm that owns the Zara fashion chain into a holding company to ensure family control remains unassailable after they die.
** Old Mutual has put up for sale its 50 percent stake in a Chinese insurance joint venture, people with direct knowledge of the matter said, as part of a revamp of the Anglo-South African financial group and amid a tough market for foreign insurers in China.
** Qatar Investment Authority sold about 2.5 percent of Banco Santander Brasil SA for 2.3 billion reais ($737 million) in a restricted offering after banks exercised an option to buy extra units, the bank said.
** WaveDivision Holdings LLC is exploring a sale that its private equity owners hope will value the regional U.S. provider of cable TV, internet and telephone service at more than $2 billion, including debt, people familiar with the matter said.
** Community bank PacWest Bancorp said it would buy fellow California-based lender CU Bancorp in a cash-and-stock deal valued at about $705 million, as it seeks to strengthen its presence in Southern California.
** China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd will pay $960 million for a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero gold mine in Argentina, the Canadian miner said.
** French group Saint-Gobain has extended until the end of this year its contract to buy a controlling stake in Swiss construction chemicals maker Sika from Sika's founding family and may prolong it again until the end of 2018, it said.
** Britain's Co-operative Group, the mutually-owned supermarkets to funeral services group, wrote off the value of its stake in the struggling Co-operative Bank, citing uncertainty about the value of the bank during its sale process.
** German billionaire Dietmar Hopp is preparing to put medical skin patch maker LTS Lohmann on the block as they reshuffle their portfolio, three people close to the matter said.
** The board of Bank Hapoalim, Israel's largest lender, has instructed management to explore options for selling off its credit card unit Isracard, the bank said.
** German consumer goods group Henkel will keep looking for acquisitions to bolster its business, its new chief executive said.
** U.S. drug distributor Cardinal Health Inc is nearing a deal to acquire medical device maker Medtronic Plc's medical supplies business for close to $6 billion, people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
** MGM Holdings Inc said it would acquire the 81 percent of premium U.S. channel Epix it does not already own from two of its partners, Viacom Inc and Lionsgate Entertainment Corp, for about $1 billion.
** Turkish retailer Boyner Holding is looking to sell up to 60 percent of its online fashion site, Morhipo.com, and has mandated brokerage Unlu & Co to advise on the sale, two sources familiar with the matter said.
** Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos said on Wednesday they are selling about $1 billion worth of the internet retailer's stock annually to fund their Blue Origin rocket company, which aims to launch paying passengers on 11-minute space rides starting next year. (Compiled by Aishwarya Venugopal,Anya George Tharakan and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru)
COLOMBO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Sri Lankan rupee hit a record low for a second day running on Friday due to dollar demand from banks and importers, but remittances and greenback sales by exporters checked the fall, dealers said.
The spot rupee ended at 154.30/35 per dollar, surpassing the previous low of 154.28 hit on Thursday, when it closed at 154.15/20.
The currency fell 0.4 percent this week, surrendering a 0.2 percent gain made last week.
“Some foreign banks were on the (dollar) buying side. There were some sizable remittance flows but the demand was heavy,” said a currency dealer.
Dealers expect a 2-3 percent depreciation in the rupee and higher volatility this year on account of debt repayment by the government.
President Maithripala Sirisena's administration must repay an estimated 1.97 trillion rupees ($12.85 billion) in 2018 - a record high - including $2.9 billion of foreign loans and a total of $5.36 billion in interest.
Foreign investors bought 5.9 billion rupees worth of government securities this year up to Jan. 30, central bank data showed.
The rupee fell 2.5 percent last year and 3.9 percent in 2016.
Sri Lanka's stock, bond and foreign exchange markets are closed on Monday for a special holiday. Markets will resume trading on Tuesday. ($1 = 153.6500 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sunil Nair)
A Dunedin man has had an encounter of a lifetime after an emu was spotted walking along a residential street.
Logan Walden filmed the surreal moment on Church Street, Green Island.
In the video, a woman can be heard saying, "Waiting for the wildlife people! Oh, give it something to eat!"
Mr Walden later took to Facebook to share their unusual experience, writing, "Come to Dunedin they said an emu spotted on church street! This poor animal was neglected! Felt for this Emu!!"
A while back, leaders of Under Armour announced their #WeWill campaign. Dedicated to expanding their impact beyond sports, they ventured into the world of social good, to “invest in America's youth, so that they can succeed in the classroom and on the field.”
First of all, good for them. Lots of our local youth here in Baltimore have already benefited from their investment, including the now world-famous Cardinal Shehan choir.
What's most interesting about this for me though, is that the “We Will” campaign is the second step for Under Armour after their “I Will” campaign.
There's something deeply American and deeply religious about this movement from the individual to the communal. If there was ever a culture built with an eye for the individual it is ours. One of the cornerstones of the movement toward “missionary discipleship” expressed by Archbishop William E. Lori in their pastoral letter, “A Light Brightly Visible,” and in the now-prolific work of Sherry Weddell is the resolution that discipleship is not an inherited right but a call for the person.
Yet we're also a culture where young people give up whole weeks of their lives and even pay money to serve the poor and vulnerable. As a former colleague from Germany used to tell me, that is a distinctively American phenomenon. Increasingly though our young people and the adults in their lives are finding less and less time to invest in what Robert Putnam termed way back in 2000 as “social capital.” Young people are more and more connected to the communities from which they come and in which they live. Additionally they are increasingly skeptical that the institutions in these communities have their best in mind. I don't need to remind you that though Roman Catholic followers of Jesus would imagine ourselves and our Church in many ways, many people put us squarely in that “institution” category.
As Church we've been reluctant to embrace a turn toward the individual and there are some very good and theological reasons we're skeptical. But if our brother in Christ, Kevin Plank, and the good people at Under Armour can do both well, we can too.
In many ways it's as simple as being able to name at least three young people in your church with whom you have a connection and whom God is therefore calling you to invest in. I had a good mentor who used to say “Don't just say you love ‘the poor,' name them.”
We can't just say, “we love the young church.” We have to name them. Jazmine, Michael, Shantay, Jose and all those other young people in your church require adults who can call them by name. That's how “we will” be the Church that, with all due respect to our friends at Under Armour, offers a deeper investment in their lives, an eternal one.
Also see:
Baltimore Catholic school students meet Plank, their benefactor
May 2 Oceanwide Holdings Co Ltd
* Says offshore affiliate Quam plans to raise about HK$5.1 billion ($655.38 million) by placing 4.7 billion shares at HK$1.1per share
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2pAFOaA
Further company coverage: ($1 = 7.7817 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
TONASKET — The 83rd annual Founders' Day, featuring a parade, street vendors, fun runs and a ProWest Rodeo is this weekend.
Tonasket Queen Madyson Clark and Princess Madison Miller of Oroville will reign over the festivities, in town and at the Comancheros Rodeo Grounds, 2 Rodeo Road...
Luxury-minded car buyers know exactly what they want. Sometimes, though, they're not sure exactly what car fits the bill. We're here to help. Autoblog's Car Finder uses powerful filters to narrow down what can be an overwhelming amount of choices. Selecting the "Luxury" filter eliminates anything that doesn't meet our standards of comfort and refinement. But the real beauty of the Car Finder is that you can plug in as many additional criteria as you need.The list is easy to pare down by using price, vehicle size, vehicle style or type, and transmission filters. Plug in as many filters as you want to narrow down the list even further. If you don't get any results, try taking a filter off. You may have accidentally selected a combination of attributes that doesn't match any car on sale.Good luck, and we hope you find the perfect car to satisfy your luxury lifestyle.
Maintenance work is done on a Vestas wind turbine (R) at a wind energy park near Heide, Germany, September 9, 2010. REUTERS/Christian Charisius/File Photo
COPENHAGEN Denmark's Vestas, the world's largest wind turbine maker, is keen to expand into areas such as energy storage to increase the global use of wind power and bring costs down.
The wind industry is entering a phase of slower growth and steadier demand for turbines, prompting producers to look at alternatives to grow revenue.
"The storage side is interesting and there are a lot of small start-ups that might be of interest. I'm looking for industry batteries," Vestas Chairman Bert Nordberg told Reuters.
"If you can store over-production in a good way it would take down the total cost."
Energy storage is the capture of energy produced for use at a later time, for instance in the form of batteries. The technology is becoming increasingly viable with the rise in sales of electric cars.
In January, U.S. electric carmaker Tesla launched a massive battery storage facility in the California desert. In Europe, a former Tesla executive wants to build a plant to rival the scale of their former employer's Gigafactory in Sweden.
Nordberg said Vestas could consider buying small stakes in many companies "to see which one wins before you go for a major acquisition".
"We have 3.2 billion euro in cash and no debt so we can afford to invest," they said, declining to say how much the firm would be willing to spend.
They added that they preferred investing the money rather than initiating a buy-back program.
"A buy-back is pretty boring. It's better if we find something that can develop the company so I'm pushing management to have better ideas than buy-backs," they said.
Vestas came back from the brink of bankruptcy just four years ago and the share price has risen more than 1,000 percent over the past five years.
But the company could lose its status as the world's biggest wind turbine maker as Germany's Siemens and Spain's Gamesa agreed to combine their assets in the sector.
"We definitely are going to make their life miserable. We are going to take the deals... We have exactly the same goal that we should the biggest player," Nordberg said.
While they expected consolidation among smaller players in the industry, Vestas was not aiming to buy anything big.
(Reporting by Stine Jacobsen, editing by David Evans and Susan Thomas)
FILE PHOTO: Shipping containers are seen at a port in Tokyo, Japan, March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Issei Kato/File Photo
TOKYO Japan's current account surplus stood at 2.81 trillion yen ($25.26 billion) in February, finance ministry data showed on Monday, the biggest surplus since March 2016.
The result, the 32nd straight month of current account surpluses, compares with economists' median forecast for a surplus of 2.62 trillion yen in a Reuters poll. This February's current account surplus was the largest on record for February.
The surplus reflected the trade balance rising as exports picked up pace after a Lunar New Year slowdown. The trade balance stood at 1.08 trillion yen in February, rebounding from a deficit of 853.4 billion yen the previous month.
Trade surpluses and currency valuations are in focus as U.S. President Donald Trump pursues an "America First" campaign in which they have accused big exporters such China, Germany and Japan of deliberately weakening their currencies to gain a competitive advantage.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso will hold their first round of economic talks in Tokyo next week to discuss issues ranging from macroeconomic policy, infrastructure investment and trade.
Nonetheless, in what appears to be a shift in emphasis, the Trump administration is touting a new term, "currency misalignment," because it is seen as more significant than "manipulation" as a cause of trade deficits.
Income from overseas investment also helped boost the current account balance. The primary income account in February was 1.98 trillion yen, up from 1.27 trillion yen the previous month.
"It's difficult to explain this month's current account surplus with just the (effects from) Lunar New Year," said Hidenobu Tokuda, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute.
"The income account is rising, too. There is upward pressure on current account balance."
(Reporting by Minami Funakoshi; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Having named just the 39 players in their latest preliminary Ireland squad, Martin O'Neill confirmed that Scott Hogan may well take them back over the 40 mark within the next week or two with the FAI currently assisting the Aston Villa striker with the paperwork required for them to acquire an Irish passport.
If it comes through before the end of the month, the manager suggested, then the 25 year-old from Salford seems likely to be included in the final squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Georgia and Serbia despite their recent lack of goals at club level.
Hogan has been of interest to O'Neill for more than a year but seemed less inclined to declare for Ireland when it appeared back in January that they were headed for the Premier League and, perhaps, a shot at an England cap.
In the end they moved to Championship side Aston Villa rather than West Ham and has struggled since at their new club with injury and loss of form.
O'Neill, who says they accept entirely a player's preference to play for the country of their birth as long as their desire to play for Ireland is ultimately genuine, is hopeful the striker's problems are temporary and a return to full fitness will mean the goals start to flow again over the coming weeks.
“I've spoken to Scott and there's a genuine interest,” they say. “He'd like to come in. And we're pursuing that at the moment.
“I don't think he'd mind me saying, I think they can improve definitely in terms of hold-up play. I've seen a lot of them for Brentford last year and I understood completely at the time when there was the hullabaloo about them coming in, they needed time to stay fit because of the number of problems they had with injury during their early 20s.
“But inside the box I think they know where the goal is. They do. Some players do come alive in the box and I think they have that. That's encouraging. Like everything else you need a bit of service but they can improve their overall game and I think they feel that themselves
Asked about the player's apparent change of heart in relation to their international allegiance over the past few months, O'Neill said there had been “an impasse,” but that the player had not been the one to blame.
They added, however, that “I understand that if you were born somewhere, this is where you might want to play first. They would not have been the first player who would have thought about England first of all and actually ended up doing well for Ireland”.
The player is, they concluded, “keen....really keen”.
Natural goalscorer
Hogan started to come to prominence during a second spell at Rochdale and joined Brentford in the summer of 2014. They suffered a number of serious injury setbacks at the London club but made a strong start to last season, with 14 goals, before speculation about their future resulted in them being left out of the team.
Brentford appeared to price them out of a move to West Ham and they left instead for Villa where they managed just one goal in 13 over the four months that followed although they only played 90 minutes on a handful of occasions.
At their best, they look strong, quick and good in the air and if they can indeed recover their form then they may well have a part to play for O'Neill who has made no secret of the importance they attach to finding a new natural goalscorer for the Irish team.
They expressed the hope yesterday that Sean Maguire might take on the role a little further down the road but suggested the newly signed Preston striker's first senior call-up might be best seen as a message to the 23-year-old that they are very much in the manager's mind.
“I'd obviously like to see Maguire a wee bit. If you're gonna ask me could I throw them into some of these games here, I don't mind taking a chance but I think that would be risky, not only for us but maybe for the lad himself. I'm not saying they wouldn't enjoy it but that's the point.
“We've got the two games in three days and a couple of boys on yellow cards but I wanted to put the lads in there as much as a boost for people to think: ‘Hey, wait a minute, at least he's thinking about me'.
West Ham defender Declan Rice, who came on against Manchester United on Sunday, appears to fall into much the same bracket with O'Neill speaking highly of an 18 year-old they say they see as one for the future and confirming that they had left them to Under-21 manager Noel King on this occasion.
Gardening This Weekend: October 5, 2017
I've made a list of the things that are most critical to your gardening success. Let's take a look.
PLANT
• Trees and shrubs to give them maximum time to establish before next summer's heat. Watch for end-of-season sales as nurseries reduce their inventories before winter.
• Dig and divide spring-blooming perennials such as iris, daylilies, coneflowers, gloriosa daisies, thrift and others.
• Daffodils and grape hyacinths as soon as you buy them. Ask questions about how well the types that you're choosing will “come back” year after year. Tulips and Dutch hyacinths must go in the refrigerator for 45 days (or longer) at 45 degrees.
• Pansies, violas, pinks, snapdragons, ornamental cabbage and kale for late fall, winter and early spring color. Choose pansies that are full and compact. Plants that have been exposed to high temperatures may have grown lanky.
PRUNE
• Continue mowing at recommended height until frost. Letting grass grow tall weakens it.
• Dig and remove roses infested with rose rosette virus. I have details at my website. This disease is rampant in the DFW area but not so much in other parts of Texas.
• Reshape houseplants you intend to bring indoors for winter on an as-needed basis.
FERTILIZE
• Newly planted winter color annuals with water-soluble, high-nitrogen food. Repeat weekly until frost.
• Fescue turf if that is your permanent lawngrass, with high-nitrogen or all-nitrogen fertilizer so it can take advantage of cooler growing conditions.
Continued Below
Advertisement
ON THE LOOKOUT
• If you intend to develop new garden or landscape beds next spring, and if they currently have grass and weeds growing in them, apply a glyphosate herbicide now. It won't contaminate the soil, but it must have warm conditions to kill out the unwanted vegetation. You'll be able to rototill within a couple of weeks so that you can start working up the soils well in advance of late-winter plantings.
• Brown patch in St. Augustine. See related story this issue.
• Fall webworms in pecans, other shade trees. It's easier to prune the webs out with a long-handled pole pruner than it would be to spray them. As late as it is in the season you may choose just to let them fall to the ground as the trees lose their leaves later this fall. They will probably do no further damage.
• Houseplants you intend to bring indoors for signs of insects. It's better to eliminate them while they're still outside.
Posted by Neil Sperry
April 10 Skyworth Digital Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 FY 2017 to decrease by 76.4 percent to 81.3 percent, compared to net profit of Q1 FY 2016 (148.2 million yuan)
* Says increased price of partial raw materials as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/p0N6VN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Aldi has recalled one of its food products owing to worries that it may be contaminated with small pieces of hard plastic.
The Rooster's Southern Fried Poppin' Chicken, which comes in 210g packs, may present a safety risk due to the presence of the plastic, which the supermarket giant says affects no other products,
The product in question
The items in question have lot number 1010170, and the Product Code are 45004 and 75744.
Anyone having purchased one of the products should not eat it, instead returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Isopropyl isocyanate is an organic compound that belongs to the isocyanate group. Isocyanates is an important class of intermediates that belong to a family of compounds commonly known as heterocumulenes. The chemistry of these compounds is characterized by nucleophilic addition and cycloaddition reaction modes. Other common names of isopropyl isocyanate are propane, 2-isocyanato, 2-isocyanatopropane, and methyl ethyl isocyanate. Isopropyl isocyanate is a colorless liquid and it possesses strong pungent odor.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/isopropyl-isocyanate-market.html
The molecular formula of isopropyl isocyanate is (CH3)2CHNCO and its molecular weight is 85.11. A major route for the industrial production of isopropyl isocyanate is through the reaction of N-propan-2-ylcarbamoyl chloride with 2, 4, 6-trichlorophenol, which offers the product yield of around 88%. Isopropyl isocyanate is incompatible with several groups of chemical compounds and it reacts exothermally, releasing noxious gases.
Isopropyl isocyanate is principally used as an intermediate for the manufacture of several industrial chemicals in industries such as fertilizers, pharmaceutical, and chemical. It is used as a reagent in the synthesis of O-aryl N-isopropyl carbamates. The compound is also used as a reagent in the manufacture of the androgen receptor antagonist used for treating prostate cancer. It is also used as a derivatization reagent in the stereo-isomeric analysis of secondary alcohols. Isopropyl isocyanate is employed to synthesize the selective dual inhibitor of mammalian target of rapamycin 1 and 2 (mTORC1 and mTORC2). Isopropyl isocyanate is toxic.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24428
It can cause skin irritation and is fatal if inhaled. Reactions of this compound with alkali metals, aldehydes, mercaptans, phenols, alcohols, amines, ketones, peroxides, strong oxidizers, or hydrides result in the release of extreme heat. These reactions can occur with explosive violence. Increasingly stringent regulations regarding the use of toxic chemicals across the world are anticipated to restrain the growth of the isopropyl isocyanate market during the forecast period.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
April 28 Britain's Royal Mail said on Friday it was looking at ways to replace the defined benefit pension scheme it plans to scrap at the end of March 2018, after a backlash from unions over the closure of the older scheme.
Royal Mail, the British postal service privatised in 2013, said it was one of only a few major companies that still has employees in a defined benefit scheme, a type of pension that pays out according to employees' final salary and length of service.
The Communications Workers Union (CWU) opposes Royal Mail's move to close the defined benefit plan and says it would result in employees in the plan losing on average up to a third of their future pensions.
Around 90,000 Royal Mail workers are in the defined benefit scheme, whose closure to new members in 2008 resulted in about 40,000 workers joining a less generous defined contribution plan.
Royal Mail said on Friday that among its options for those leaving the older scheme it was considering a defined benefit cash balance scheme, where employees would receive a fixed sum at retirement plus payments based on the performance of a pension fund. Royal Mail said this built on a proposal put forward by the CWU.
"We believe that the defined benefit cash balance scheme would be a fair proposal that compares favourably with the retirement benefits offered in our industry and by other large UK employers," the company said in a statement.
Royal Mail shares were down 2.8 percent at 407 pence by 1000 GMT on Friday.
The new scheme would be set up in a new section of its overall pension plan, with employees also having the option to join the defined contribution scheme, Royal Mail said.
Royal Mail said the cost of the new plan would be much lower than that required to maintain its current plan, which would have meant it more than doubling its annual contributions to over 1 billion pounds ($1.3 billion).
The company currently pays around 400 million pounds a year into the defined benefits scheme, and a spokesperson said the cost of the new proposed scheme would be similar.
The company is continuing to hold talks with the CWU as well as unions Unite/CMA over its pension plan, it added.
British companies are facing increasing costs to fund pensions as people live longer and investment returns on bonds have fallen and are expected to remain low. (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Just in few days PokerLion turn into the most prominent online poker website in India. The poker gaming site is committed for just Indian Players. What's more, now they have launched the android application for the poker players who love to play poker on their Mobile phone. To play poker on PokerLion through your mobile device, follow these simple steps (if you are already registered with PokerLion, skip to stage 5, under “Playing Poker with PokerLion on Your Mobile”):
Creating An PokerLion Account
1. Open your mobile browser and go to https://www.pokerlion.com
2. Go To the link Download PokerLion APP or follow the Link : http://bit.ly/PokerLionApp
3. Download the App and Install it. Then open the App on your device. If you have already an account then Log In with your email ID and password.
4. If you don't have created yet then click the Sign Up link. Put your email Id, User Name, Password, and create the account. And start Play Poker Online.
Playing Poker With PokerLion At Your Mobile
5. Log In to your account, go to your Dashboard.
6. Go to “Play Poker Now”
7. Choose your preferred tournament, Register to the game.
8. Learn, Play And Earn…Be a Real Poker Lion Only At PokerLion.
PokerLion also introduced some offers to Poker players of India. If you are new to PokerLion then you can grab the opportunity to avail these exciting offers. Some of the offers are:
• Download the APP and get Rupees 500 as welcome Bonus
• Refer a friend and get Rupees 1000 as Referral Bonus
• 50% Deposit Bonus
• Get a Chance to Participate In Match IPL Season-3
And many more…
The racist musical theatre production, “Slav,” made white people sing songs about slavery. Despite protests, the festival organizers defended them.
Regarding our Montreal show: pic.twitter.com/I8dr7OM8SA — Moses Sumney (@MosesSumney) July 3, 2018
American singer-songwriter Moses Sumney was supposed to perform at the Montreal Jazz Festival. However, they decided to cancel their performance because of a blatant display of racism.
The musician cancelled their appearance after the festival organizers decided to allow performances of the musical show “Slav” at the festival. The racist musical theatre production described itself as “theatrical odyssey based on slave songs.” It makes white people sing song about slavery, dressing some of them as field slaves and cotton pickers.
Their presence at the festival was naturally disturbing for people of color and people who condemned racism and cultural appropriation. Despite protests all over Canada, the music festival organizers defended the performance. They also said the organizers are “truly fortunate” that the director (of the racist musical) chose Montreal Jazz for its world premiere.
This is when Sumney decided to withdraw themselves for the festival, citing how a black woman was slapped by one attendee of the production while they were protesting.
The 28-year-old also mentioned they could not perform at the festival “on a day sandwiched between Canada Day and Independence Day, two bittersweet holidays that have long left black, brown, and indigenous voices out.”
They explained they cannot perform at the festival “in good conscience."
The jazz festival's media relations director, Greg Kitzler, said, “We respect their decision and hope Moses Sumney will perform at the festival in a near future.”
They declined to comment on whether the festival would continue to support the racist musical but mentioned a press release that was planned to release would clarify their position.
Nevertheless, Sumney decided to perform at La Rosa with their band and offered discounted tickets for their fans.
Fans on Twitter couldn't help but respect Sumney for taking this brave step against bigotry.
Much respect! — Veronica Taylor (@stylehigh75) July 3, 2018
I respect you even more as an artist 🙌🏽 — bleu✌🏽 (@DarkCollegeGuy) July 3, 2018
I'd never heard of this shameful production before your refusal to perform, as I'm sure many others hadn't. Thank you for raising awareness and thank you for taking a stand, I'll be checking out your music tonight. Best regards! — Kelly Anne Kanye🤦 (@UmPardonMeBut) July 3, 2018
Disgusted and disappointed (but not surprised) my hometown wouldn't say/do something about the performance even after people protested. You made the right decision! — ☆joanna☆ (@joannakanex) July 3, 2018
woke king — shaddy aka joon's guardian angel 🌙✨ (@joonsbaby) July 3, 2018
✊🏾 — Marcus J. Moore (@MarcusJMoore) July 3, 2018
this is absolutely top stuff, strength and power to you 💚💚💚 — Ru$$ell Warfield (@russellwarfield) July 3, 2018
Black people are tired of slave narratives. Also, a protester was assaulted. That's good enough reason to pull out of the show. — roll that beautiful bean footage (@kimbalucy) July 3, 2018
I like it when people stand up for what they believe in. Many lessons can be learned here. — HEYJAY (@overjoyed_joy) July 3, 2018
Thank you @moses for standing up against the Montreal Jazz Festival for supporting a production that was completely insensitive and shameful to black people.#montrealjazzfest #slav #protest #mosessumney @ Montreal, Quebec — Wayne Tennant (@tennantmusic) July 3, 2018
Read More White Restaurant Owner Allegedly Vowed To Keep 'N**s' In Their Place
Thumbnail/Banner Image: Getty Images, Burak Cingi/Redferns
The single tooth implants and dental bridges market accounted to USD 3.5 billion in growing at a CAGR of 7.2%
Contact
Akik Patra
sales@databridgemarketresearch.com
+1-888-387-2818
***@databridgemarketresearch.com Akik Patrasales@databridgemarketresearch.com+1-888-387-2818
End
-- Global Single Tooth Implants and Dental Bridges Market By Product ((Single Tooth Implants, Dental Bridges(3-unit bridges, 4-unit bridges, Cantilever bridges , Maryland bridges, Partial Bridges)), By Material (Porcelain-fused-to-metal (PFM), All Ceramics and Metal Alloys), By Geography (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Europe, South America, Middle East and Africa) – Industry Trends and Forecast to 2024The single tooth implants and dental bridges market accounted to USD 3.5 billion in 2016 growing at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024. The upcoming market report contains data for historic years 2015, the base year of calculation is 2016 and the forecast period is 2017 to 2024.Single Tooth Implants and Dental Bridges Market – Market Segmentation:On the basis of product the market is segmented into single tooth implants and dental bridges. Dental bridges are further segmented into 3-unit bridges, 4-unit bridges, cantilever bridges, maryland bridges and partial bridges.By material the market is segmented into porcelain-fused-to-metal (PFM), all ceramics and metal alloys.Browse Full Report with Details TOC @ http://databridgemarketresearch.com/ reports/global- single... Based on geography, the market is segmented into five geographical regions:· North America· Europe· Asia-Pacific· South America· Middle East and AfricaThe geographical regions are further segmented into 29 major countries such as U.S. Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, U.K., Belgium, Switzerland, Belgium, Turkey, Japan, China, Singapore, Brazil, India, Russia, South Africa and others.Request For Sample: http://databridgemarketresearch.com/ request-a-sample/? dbm... Some of the major players operating in this market are1. Nobel Biocare Services AG2. Zimmer Inc.3. Biomet 3i4. 3M ESPE5. Danaher Corporation6. AVINENT Implant System7. OSSTEM IMPLANT.CO., LTD.8. Institut Straumann AG9. Dentsply SironaRelated ReportGlobal Hemostats Market- Trends and Forecast to 2024Global Hemostats Market, By Product Type (Thrombin Based, Combination, Oxidized Regenerated Cellulose Based, Gelatin Based, Collagen Based Hemostat), By Indication (Wound Closure, Surgery), By End-User (Hospitals, Clinics, Ambulatory Centers, Community Healthcare, Others), By Geography (North America, South America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa) – Trends and Forecast to 2024About Data Bridge Market Research:Data Bridge Market Research set forth itself as an unconventional and neoteric Market research and consulting firm with unparalleled level of resilience and integrated approaches. We are determined to unearth the best market opportunities and foster efficient information for your business to thrive in the market. Data Bridge endeavors to provide appropriate solutions to the complex business challenges and initiates an effortless decision-making process.Contact:Ankit SinghData Bridge Market ResearchTel: +1-888-387-2818Email: Sales@databridgemarketresearch.com
April 28 Credit Acceptance Corp-
* Credit Acceptance announces increase and extension of revolving secured warehouse facility
* Credit Acceptance Corp - increased amount of one of our revolving secured warehouse facilities from $75.0 million to $100.0 million
* Credit Acceptance Corp - extended maturity of facility from april 30, 2018 to April 30, 2020
* Credit Acceptance Corp - interest rate on borrowings under facility has been increased from libor plus 200 basis points to libor plus 225 basis points Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce labelled their side's defending as ‘calamitous' as more individual errors cost Aston Villa in the 3-1 defeat to Barnsley.
Jordan Amavi was unfortunate to concede a penalty which Adam Armstrong converted but Villa's defending was shocking for Tom Bradshaw's brace.
Bruce said:
“The third goal, some of the defending was calamitous, mistake after mistake. That's crept into us over the last five weeks or so.
“Every mistake we make is being punished. It was pretty evident again.
“Just when we get in to 2-1, within six or seven minutes it goes to 3-1. It's very difficult from there.”
Villa's defending for the second goal was poor and both Alan Hutton and Jonathan Kodjia were at fault, among others, for the third goal.
Amavi had a difficult night at left-back but they were harshly punished for a challenge on Marley Watkins when the Barnsley ace appeared to slip.
Bruce said: “If it is a penalty it's very harsh. I've watched it five times.
“I'm not going to make that as an excuse but it was harsh.”
Still, there was no hiding behind the errors elsewhere.
“It was like a carbon copy of Saturday - we start the game brightly, create chances, make a mistake and the roof caves in,” Bruce added.
“It makes it a tough evening.
“It's one of those real tough periods at the moment.
“It would be unfair of me to criticise any individual.
“But as a team and a manager, then we simply haven't been good enough over the last five weeks.
“That's for all of them.”
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
While we still difficult to get out of our blankets in the morning, a viral video of two young girls comfortably frolicking in the snow has totally amazed us.Recently, two Siberian girls Yulia and Ekaterina performed yoga in ice-cold temperatures, as low as -41 degrees Celsius (-42 Fahrenheit). The two ladies seemed oblivious of the cold as they stretch and bend in the snow doing Chakrasana and Surya Namaskar, with ease."We're used to the cold and the frost," Yuliya told RT 's Ruptly video agency. "We never thought this would surprise anyone here.''The girls hail from the town of Tynda in the Amur region of Russia's Far East, where average January temperatures stand at about -30 degrees Celsius. No wonder they are used to it!
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
NANTICOKE — A Mocanaqua man accused of beating their girlfriend spit on police and punched a medic treating them for a nose bleed, according to police.
Matthew J. Houseknecht, 29, of 136 Italy St., had to be stunned with a Taser after they began kicking and spitting at police, the charges allege.
According to a police affidavit, officers were called to 113 W. Green St. around 10:20 p.m. Monday to a report of a domestic dispute. Houseknecht's girlfriend, Beth Lewis, told police they had been arguing about spending intimate time together when Houseknecht, who had consumed most of a bottle of peach schnapps, got irate.
Houseknecht began throwing and smashing things, and pushed Lewis to the ground before getting on top of them and punching them in the face, police said.
Officers arrested Houseknecht, who then asked for a tissue because of a nose bleed, the complaint said. Informed that police did not have any tissues, Houseknecht asked for permission to get down and blow their nose into the grass, according to police.
When that request was denied, Houseknecht “flipped out” and asked if police wanted them to bleed all over the car, the complaint said. Houseknecht, who informed police they have hepatitis C, then turned around and spit in the face of Officer Bryan Kata, according to police.
As Kata tried to hold Houseknecht and stop them from spitting, Houseknecht again spit on the officer and tried to blow the bloody discharge from their nose onto him, the complaint alleges.
Kata then brought Houseknecht to the ground, police said. During the ensuing struggle, Houseknecht kicked Kata in the side before another officer, Joseph Buchalski, used a Taser to subdue him, the charges allege.
Police said Houseknecht then calmed down until after they were loaded into an ambulance to be taken to Wilkes-Barre General Hospital. En route, Houseknecht started to act up again, hitting medic Ryan Panetta on the arm and leg, police said.
Once at the hospital, Houseknecht again spit on police, the complaint said.
Police charged Houseknecht with aggravated assault, simple assault, resisting arrest and harassment. Magisterial District Judge Joseph D. Spagnuolo Jr. arraigned Houseknecht on Tuesday morning and ordered them jailed at the Luzerne County Correctional Facility with bail set at $100,000.
A preliminary hearing was set for July 11.
Contact the writer:
jhalpin@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2058
First word
I had hoped to write today on the surreal Senate hearing on the “fake news” epidemic. But after watching the hearing online and discovering that blogger Cocoy Dayao did not show up and kept the show stranded, I decided to defer the piece to next week, when I hope to know more about the world of blogging, like knowing what a “bot” is and how the criminal cyberworld operates.
Advertisements
I found it terribly unfair at the hearing that the bloggers were so knowledgeable about their arcane world, while the republic's senators knew so little about it.
The hearing was actually informative and interesting, until it was turned into a confrontation between the LP senators and two pro-Duterte bloggers and government employees: Rey Joseph Nieto and Mocha Uson.
For the hearing to be productive, the mismatch must be corrected.
Article from my email
From time to time, I have printed in my column some documents and records as well as the letters of readers, when I consider them helpful in providing perspective on what is happening in our country and in the world.
Today, I will yield my space to a long comment on the current political situation that was sent me by a longtime reader. I reproduce the comment with some editing and abridgement, in accordance with my rules for reproducing the work of others.
I leave readers to judge for themselves the merits of the article. Some will agree with the author's points. Others will disagree. I will reserve comment for later, and will only perform for now the role of messenger.
The full article can be uploaded through this link: http://thestagnantfilipino.com/2017/10/the-yellows-and-reds-as-real-threats-to-philippine-democracy/
Democracy's real threats
The article, “The Yellows and Reds as real threats to Philippine democracy” by Jun Avelino, follows:
“Those who are opposed to the Duterte administration have labeled the President as a fascist, a dictator and a leader who has murdered their own people. They claim that the country is heading to dictatorship with Duterte's iron-fisted rule akin to that of the Marcos dictatorship. While this characterization of Duterte is not shared by the overwhelming majority of Filipinos, it needs close scrutiny and debate if only to educate the proponents of such a preposterous claim.
Sen. Antonio Trillanes, since the day Duterte assumed the presidency up to now, has called the President corrupt, a murderer, charged them with crimes against humanity, and accused members of the first family of corruption. Yet Trillanes continues to enjoy their freedom to be an idiot up to now. And they call them a dictator? Sanamagan!
Sen. Leila de Lima, who claims to be the fiercest critic of Duterte, also called the President a cold-blooded killer of their own people, hurled insults at them and accused them of being behind the extra-judicial killings (EJKs) in the country. But where is De Lima now? She's enjoying their time at the PNP Custodial Center and continues to badmouth the President even behind bars. If Digong is a dictator, De Lima would be history by now. Sanamagan!
Yellows, the real fascists
Religious groups and the opposition use children to mock and ridicule the President using placards bearing indecent words during rallies and other anti-government gatherings. Has Duterte bothered to prevent them? No. We see the Catholic Church and other religious groups continue to speak out freely. And yet they have the audacity to brand the Duterte government as immoral and demonize it through the ringing of the church bells. Duterte even encourages people to demonstrate on the streets and organize rallies to express their grievances against the government.
A dictator is one who exercises absolute political power. The last time I checked, the three branches of our government were still fully functioning and the Philippine Constitution is still dictating our affairs of state. So how can you call the President a fascist, dictator and an autocrat if all their actions are in accordance with the law? Their decisions have been challenged many times before the Supreme Court on matters like Mindanao martial law, Marcos burial, etc. They defended their decisions fair and square before the highest court of the land and they prevailed. Now you call them a dictator?
As a democratic country, we Filipinos have different perspectives, preferences and ideas of how this country should be governed. That is why we have regular elections to choose the leaders who will lead the country based on the programs they presented during the election campaign. Those elected have the mandate of the Filipino people, which the losing party or parties are obligated to accept in the spirit of democracy.
The Yellows are guilty of anti-democratic acts. Post-EDSA revolution, the Yellows symbolized the promised change and reform after Marcos. But today they merely obsess about Duterte's ouster from the presidency.
The Yellows are the real fascists, not Duterte.
Reds' game plan
The Reds likewise threaten the heart of our democracy. I refer to the CPP/NPA/NDF and all its allied organizations operating in legal fronts like Akbayan, KMU, Bayan Muna, the so-called Makabayan bloc in Congress, and the rest who are supportive of the programs of the extreme left. They espouse their own form of government based on Marxist-Leninist ideology. Like the Yellows, they don't subscribe to the will of the majority. They have been staging their people's war for the last 50 years, ignoring the fact that only a few fools still buy their obsolete ideology.
The peace negotiations with the Reds failed because they did not want peace on our government's terms. Duterte can't be swayed by the Reds' tactic of blaming the government for the collapse of the talks. They have drawn the line because the Reds have revealed their true and hidden agenda.
The writing is on the wall. You only have to connect the dots to realize that what is going on in this country is part of the grand design of the extreme left to elbow the Liberal Party out of the scene.
The Reds' game plan is obvious. Silently expand their mass base through organizing and recruitment using government resources while allowing the Liberal Party or other opposition forces to be their decoy, to demonize the administration with numerous charges against the President. Have you ever wondered why the Reds never asked their Cabinet officials to resign? It's because of the huge resources they can steal from the government for waging war against it. Within the House of Representatives, party-list groups use government resources to strengthen their position to fight the government. Yet our system allows it.
The Reds' ultimate target is to seize power when Duterte is gone.
With the vigilance of the Filipino masses, who abhor communism, these plans of the Reds will not materialize.
A service to readers
Does publishing this comment amount to endorsing it?
No. I have my own view and analysis of the national situation. I see my work as columnist and journalist as principally a service to enlarge and deepen the debate on public policy that is vital for our democracy.
I submit that serving as a channel for the finely argued views of others is part of my service to readers and the Manila Times.
yenmakabenta@yahoo.com
The White House on Monday said the re-election victory of Russian President Vladimir Putin was no surprise to the country.
The Spokesman Hogan Gidley said there was no congratulatory phone call scheduled with President Donald Trump.
“We're not surprised by the outcome,” they said of the Russian election.
Gidley further told reporters on Air Force One, which was carrying Trump to New Hampshire, that the United States will work with Russia where it can.
“We will work to cultivate the relationship with Russia and we will impose costs when Russia threatens our interests, but we will also look for places to work together when it serves our interests,” Gidley said.
Putin says Russia's key interest rate should not be changed too sharply
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday it was important that the central bank did not change Russia's key interest rate too sharply.
Barbacoa beef, or pork or lamb or goat, is by definition slowly cooked meat. The word is Mexican, and originally referred to a cooking method by which parts of an animal were wrapped in leaves, and steamed and smoked simultaneously over fire.
The dish came to America from Mexico by way of Texas, and is very much a part of Mexican immigrant and Tex Mex culture, as well as the cuisine of Mexico.
So the notion of making it in a slow cooker is simultaneously radical and obvious. And the resulting meat is flavorful and tender, begging to be stuffed in a soft taco with toppings.
Leftovers might be used in chili, stews, enchiladas, burritos or quesadillas; a couple of cups of shredded, cooked beef in the fridge are a springboard for any number of dinners later in the week. This type of one-two-punch cooking is very rewarding.
So throw that big chunk of beef into the slow cooker with a nice battalion of seasonings, shred up the soft meat, heat some tortillas in the microwave, oven or a skillet, and have yourself a delicious little winter taco feast.
•••
SLOW COOKER BARBACOA BEEF TACOS
Serves 8
Start to finish: 10 hours, 20 minutes (10 hours of which are hands-off)
2½ pounds eye of round beef
1 Tablespoon olive oil
1 Tablespoon chipotle in adobo puree
1 onion, chopped
1 Tablespoon minced garlic
2 teaspoons chili powder
½ teaspoon ground cloves
1 Tablespoon kosher salt
Juice of 2 limes
¼ cup cider vinegar
3 cups beef or chicken broth
3 bay leaves
Warmed corn or flour tortillas to serve
Optional toppings:
Salsa (tomato or tomatillo)
Sour cream
Shredded cheddar, or crumbled queso fresco, goat cheese, or feta
Diced avocado
Slivered red onion
In a large, heavy skillet over high heat, heat the oil. Sear the beef on all sides until browned.
Meanwhile, combine the chipotle puree, onion, garlic, chili powder, cloves, salt, lime juice and vinegar in a slow cooker. Add the broth and the bay leaves.
Cook on low for 10 hours, until the meat is falling-apart tender. Remove the meat from the slow cooker and let it sit for about 20 to 30 minutes, then pull it apart using two forks. Meanwhile, pour the cooking liquid into a tall container and put it in the fridge. When you have pulled apart the meat, take out the liquid and skim off any fat that has risen to the top. Rewarm the sauce if needed and drizzle the shredded meat with some of the cooking liquid until nicely moistened but not dripping.
Serve with warmed tortillas and whatever toppings you like.
Note: Reserve the rest of the cooking liquid; you can use it in soups, stews or chili.
Nutrition information per serving: 323 calories; 76 calories from fat; 9 g fat (2 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 82 mg cholesterol; 896 mg sodium; 25 g carbohydrate; 4 g fiber; 3 g sugar; 36 g protein.
Barbacoa beef tacos turn tradition on its head http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_tacos.jpg Barbacoa beef tacos turn tradition on its head Mia | AP
Maui Economic Opportunity has announced the reintroduction of the Weatherization Assistance Program which helps to reduce and improve energy efficiency for low-income families, the elderly (ages 60 and older), people with disabilities and families with children under five years of age.
WAP was created in 1976 to assist families who lacked the resources to invest in energy efficiency. Since the program began in 1976, WAP has helped improve the lives of than 7 million families through weatherization services.
According to the Department of Energy, the program provides weatherization services to approximately 35,000 homes every year using DOE funds. Through weatherization improvements and upgrades, these households save on average $283 or more every year according to a national evaluation of the program.
Eligible households include those that are at or below 200% of the Federal Poverty Level. For example a family of four that earns $56,580 annually in Hawai‘i will receive a home energy assessment to evaluate and recommend energy savings measures. Energy saving measures may include installation of LED or CFL light bulbs, 18 cubic inch Energy Star refrigerators, smart power strips, low-flow faucets and shower heads at no cost to eligible households.
For additional information e-mail nicanor.saldino@meoinc.org or call 242-4366.
* Saudi deputy crown prince outlines economic policies
* But gives few details on expenditure, time frame
* Advanced Petrochemical sags on Q1 earnings
* Dubai-listed GFH pulls back despite strong Q1
* Qatar's Ooredoo slips; fresh competition in Oman
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, May 3 Saudi Arabian stocks fell on Wednesday after oil prices slipped, while an interview by the top economic policy official, Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, did little to boost sentiment. Other regional bourses were mixed in quiet trade.
Advanced Petrochemical dropped 2.5 percent after the polypropylene maker posted first-quarter net income of 124 million riyals ($33.1 million), down 12.9 percent from a year ago and below NCB Capital's prediction of 149 million riyals.
Other petrochemical makers were also weak after Brent crude slipped below $51 a barrel overnight to its lowest close this year. Riyadh's stock index lost 0.6 percent in modest trading volume.
The prince said the government would focus on investing in the mining sector, developing the weapons industry, supporting growth of an auto industry and improving the kingdom's logistics, both sea and air.
They also said authorities would announce a programme to address Saudi Arabia's shortage of private housing in the third quarter of this year. But they did not give a time frame or expected expenditure on those projects.
Among companies that could benefit from the government's industrial investment, Emaar the Economic City edged up 0.3 percent, extending the previous session's 4.6 percent gain, but Saudi Automotive Services gave back most of Tuesday's rise and fell 2.9 percent.
Saudi Mining Co (Ma'aden) the only listed company directly involved in mining, edged up 0.5 percent. National Metal Manufacturing and Casting rose 0.7 percent.
Small ground freight and logistics company Batic Investments and Logistics added 1.4 percent in active trade.
Elsewhere, Dubai's index edged down 0.5 percent as Bahraini investment firm GFH Financial slumped 8.9 percent. The company reported quarterly net income attributable to shareholders of $31.91 million, up from $6.06 million a year earlier, but the stock had already risen sharply over the past week in anticipation of strong earnings.
Twenty-two other shares declined in Dubai, including builder Arabtec, which fell 2.4 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, the index rose 0.6 percent as the largest listed lender, First Abu Dhabi Bank, climbed 1.4 percent.
QATAR'S OOREDOO
Qatar's index lost 0.4 percent to a five-month low as telecommunications operator Ooredoo dropped 2.3 percent. Its Omani unit looks set to face fresh competition after Abu Dhabi's Etisalat joined Saudi Telecom and Kuwait's Zain Group in bidding for Oman's third mobile licence.
Kunal Damle, senior institutional sales broker at SICO Bahrain, said all the bidders had a strong cash position and would not need to raise debt to operate in Oman. They believe Saudi Telecom and Zain stand the best chances of winning.
"From a consumer's standpoint, Oman would be better off with the product offering from STC's VIVA brand. However, the decision may hinge on the fact that Kuwait is a big investor in the sultanate," Damle added.
At present, Oman Telecommunication and Ooredoo Oman both have equal market shares of around 41 percent. Omantel was flat on Wednesday while Ooredoo Oman lost 0.4 percent.
The Egyptian index added 0.6 percent in thin trade with declining stocks in the broad market outnumbering gainers by 93 to 71.
WEDNESDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index fell 0.6 percent to 6,968 points.
DUBAI
* The index lost 0.5 percent to 3,419 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index added 0.6 percent to 4,581 points.
QATAR
* The index fell 0.4 percent to 9,955 points.
EGYPT
* The index added 0.6 percent to 12,604 points.
KUWAIT
* The index gained 0.6 percent to 6,799 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index lost 0.6 percent to 1,331 points.
OMAN
* The index edged down 0.3 percent to 5,492 points.
(Editing by Andrew Torchia)
April 5 Enablence Technologies Inc:
* Enablence Technologies announces additional financings
* Enablence Technologies Inc - announces its intention to complete additional financings for approximately $6 million
* Enablence Technologies - intends to complete non-brokered private placement financing of shares at price of $0.07 per share for gross proceeds of about $4 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
3:07 Watch San Luis Obispo's award-winning tourism video Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
A video screengrab shows passenger David Dao being dragged off a United Airlines flight at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in this video filmed by @JayseDavid April 9, 2017. Jayse D. Anspach via REUTERS
HANOI Outrage spread to Vietnam on Wednesday over United Airlines' handling of a passenger dragged from their seat after it emerged that the 69-year-old U.S. doctor was Vietnamese by birth.
Although United Airlines has no direct flights to Vietnam, there were widespread calls on social media for a boycott after video showed a bloodied David Dao being yanked out of the plane by airport security on Sunday to make way for United employees.
The ire in Vietnam grew quickly after it was reported that Dao's origins were not in the Southeast Asian country's old enemy, China, as many had at first assumed.
Vietnamese also fumed at allegations over Dao's past reported in the United States as irrelevant and possibly racist.
"Watching this makes my blood boil, I'll never fly United Airlines," commented Anh Trang Khuya on Facebook, the most widely used social media platform in Vietnam.
Nguyen Khac Huy wrote: "Boycott United!!! This is excessive! Let's be loving and united, Vietnamese people!"
There was no immediate comment from the government or in state media.
Video showing Dao being pulled from United Airlines Flight 3411 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Sunday went viral and the worldwide backlash hit the airline's share price and prompted an apology from the company chief executive.
Kentucky's medical board website shows that a doctor David Dao graduated in 1974 in Ho Chi Minh City - then known as Saigon and the capital of U.S.-backed South Vietnam before its defeat and the reunification of Vietnam under communist rule a year later.
Around that time, Dao left for the United States, according to U.S. media and Vietnamese websites.
Vietnamese media said that Dao was also a songwriter and crooner of soulful ballads - including one about the memory of rain falling in Saigon.
Reports in U.S. media of an offence that had led to Dao losing their medical licence in 2003 were dismissed in Vietnam as a probable smear campaign.
"Dr. Dao didn't do anything wrong on that flight and that's the main thing," wrote Clarence Dung Taylor in a post that had more than 4,000 likes.
The attitude to the case shifted dramatically in Vietnam once it was reported that Dao was not from China - an ancient enemy with which Vietnam continues to have a maritime dispute over the South China Sea.
When initial reports had suggested the man being dragged from the plane was Chinese, some Vietnamese had posted strongly unsympathetic comments about him.
"So funny," wrote Bui Nguyen Trong Nghia. "Now they know he's Vietnamese, most people stand up to advocate. Whether it's Vietnamese or Chinese, there'll be discrimination as we're Asian."
(Writing by Matthew Tostevin; Editing by Robert Birsel)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 Credit Suisse Group Ag
* CEO and Executive Board voluntarily propose a reduction of variable compensation by 40 percent
* Board of directors decides on no increase in total board compensation for 2017
* Board of directors has also decided to maintain total board compensation at the level of 2015 and 2016
Source text: bit.ly/2oEwBiQ
Further company coverage:
SENATE President Aquilino Pimentel 3rd has appealed to Malacanang not to force the upper chamber to pass in full its proposed comprehensive tax reform package but assured it that the senators would definitely pass the measure but on its own version.
“The Senate is merely appealing to the executive (branch) not to force us to focus on its version,” Pimentel said in a television interview on Monday.
The Senate chief said that they were giving their colleagues some leeway to scrutinize the tax reform measure. “I'm giving them the chance or opportunity to study this thoroughly and present their amendments.”
“But definitely we will have this tax reform law. It is very important,” Pimentel said. BERNADETTE E. TAMAYO
May 2 Shawbrook Group Plc
* Independent directors are not able to recommend the offer made by Merlin Bidco, a company jointly owned by funds of Pollen Street Capital Limited and BC Partners LLP, which was announced on 31 March 2017
* Independent directors unanimously recommend that Shawbrook shareholders should take no action in relation to offer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Clara Denina)
By Abby Hassler
Ever wanted to hear Justin Bieber singing in Spanish? Fans get their wish in Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's “Despacito” remix, where the singer starts the new track with a verse in English but switches over to Spanish for the chorus.
Related: Ringo Starr Confirms The Beatles are Bigger than Justin Bieber
The “Sorry” singer built up anticipation ahead of the track's release by posting photos from their recording session on social media last week. One of the photos ended up being the cover for the remix.
Listen to the remix below.
April 3 Meetme Inc:
* Meetme announces closing of if(we) acquisition and rebrands to The Meet Group
* if(we) acquisition is expected to contribute $9 million of adjusted EBITDA in first 12 months post-close
* Meetme Inc - if(we) acquisition is expected to provide combined company with a path forward for generating $150 million in annualized revenue
* Meetme Inc - if(we) acquisition is expected to provide combined company with a path forward for generating $50 million of adjusted EBITDA annually Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CITY OF SAN Fernando, Pampanga: The provincial government has procured 18 brand-new dump trucks from its earnings in quarry operations. The trucks were turned over to the 17 town mayors, including this city, by Gov. Lilia Pineda and provincial officials. Pampanga Environment and Natural Resources Office head Art Punzalan said all local government units are recipients of the garbage trucks, except Angeles City being a highly urbanized city and separated politically from the province. Pineda said the provincial government has allotted P50 million collected from quarry operations that reached P370 million in 2016. From July 20, 2010 until March 2017, Pampanga collected more P2 billion from quarry operations. Meanwhile, City of San Fernando Mayor Edwin Santiago said the dump trucks can hold about 14 tons of waste that will hasten the garbage collection. They added that waste management has always been challenging but that the city is “determined to have zero waste and a greener environment.”
Smartwatch Pay is the newest form of technology to hit the streets, but will it be a success? Sophie Elsworth road-tests Fitbit Pay.
A flick of the wrist is all it takes to pay at the checkout now.
Forgetting your wallet or phone is no longer a concern if you need to make a quick on-the-spot purchase.
I recently jumped on-board the Apple Pay bandwagon and now feel pretty clever paying by phone at the checkout - it still manages to draw some attention from onlookers.
So why stop here, I thought I've give the newest payment technology to hit the streets in the form of Fitbit Pay a go.
Advertisement
They're the latest company to join the contactless payment bandwagon, but you do need their new Iconic Watch to get cracking.
In Australia, ANZ is one of several lenders to roll out the new latest technology this month, giving customers yet another payment option other than cash, card or phone.
I love to run so leaving home without having to carry a heavy smartphone is ideal for any dedicated fitness fanatic who at the end of a session needs to grab a coffee or bottle of milk from the corner store before heading home.
Sticking notes into my sportsbra or have the jiggling sounds of coins in my back pocket is irritating so going completely cashfree can make life easier.
With payment information linked up to the watch it's ready to roll, all it requires is a four-digit PIN each day so it's active and ready to be used at the checkout for the next 24 hours.
If I remove the watch during the day it will prompt me again for my PIN once it's back on my wrist - a good way to stamp out any crims who may get their hands on it.
On my first go I forget to flip my wrist upside down so the watch face is over the payment reader - this is important otherwise it won't work.
A fellow onlooker was quick to quiz me about what I was doing, eager to know how the watch works and what happens if it gets stolen.
It's payment capability can be deactivated through the ANZ app and if it's off my wrist it won't work anyway.
So it's already a good conversation starter.
It's as quick and easy to use as using "tap and go" card payments and at no time did I find it failed once I got into the swing of flicking my hand over at the point of sale. While shoppers may be a little anxious to use it at first, for the sporty ones it's sure to be popular, they will love the fact that don't have to carry money anymore when doing their daily exercise routine.
Now it's just a matter of time to see if people take it up.
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
Join Sky Zone Philadelphia for its Grand Opening and Ribbon Cutting
1 2 SZ logo warrior image sz philadelphia
End
--, the creator of the world's first indoor trampoline playing court, is announcing that it will be opening a brand-new location in the Philadelphia region after successfully opening over 160 locations worldwide., which is owned and operated by Philly Trampoline ParksLLC. and has over 295 employees in the Philadelphia area, is proud to add another venue where trampoline and fitness enthusiasts can come to get active. "We're thrilled to be opening the only Sky Zone location in Philadelphia,"said Phil Stoops, VP of Philly Trampoline Parks, LLC. "This location will have the most attractions we've offered so far, and we're excited for people to enjoy whathas to offer."In celebration,will be hosting a Grand Opening on Sunday, April 23rd, from 10:00am-4:00pm at its new Philadelphia location. During that time,will be offering charity raffles for jump time (a portion of all of the day's proceeds will be donated to the Valley Youth House), giveaways, dance contests, an appearance by characters from Paw Patrol, and other family-friendly activities. At 1:00pm there will be a special ribbon cutting with members of the Greater Northeast Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce, and be sure not to miss Raph from Q102.1 as they stop by from 12:00pm-2:00pm to MC while attendees get bouncing! And to help showcase's new Challenge Course, participants from American Ninja Warrior and Ultimate Beastmaster, including Jessie "Flex" LeBreck, Tori Clement, and Brian Redard, will be putting their athleticism to the test and providing clinics throughout the day.Set in a 40,000 square foot facility with over 120 trampolines,features wall-to-wall trampoline courts and offers a state-of-the-art Warrior Course, an extreme obstacle course that will test guests' balance, skill, and endurance. In addition to being able to enjoy classic activities such as the Freestyle Jump, Ultimate Dodgeball, and SkyFit, guests can also flip in the Foam Zone, which is filled with 10,000 foam cubes, dunk like a pro with SkySlam, or go one-on-one with their friends on the SkyHoops basketball court.is the perfect facility for groups of all ages that are seeking memorable, fully-customizable events, such as birthday parties, field trips, college events, team building, corporate outings, and much more. Every guest is invited to have fun and fly safe atis located at 9490 Blue Grass Road, Philadelphia, PA 19114. For more information, please visit www.skyzone.com/ Philadelphia and https://www.facebook.com/ skyzonephiladelphia/? fref=ts ------------------------------Since creating the world's first all-walled trampoline playing court in 2004, Sky Zone, LLC has expanded its unique concept to over 160 franchises across the United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, the United Kingdom, and Saudi Arabia. Sky Zone Trampoline Parks feature a wide array of fun, fit, and low-impact activities ranging from Open Jump, Ultimate Dodgeball, and SkyFit fitness classes to birthday parties, corporate events, and other group outings. The franchise has been awarded various accolades, including being ranked as the second Fastest Growing Franchise by Inc., the second Smartest Growing Branch by Franchise Times. For more information on the company or franchising opportunities, please visit www.skyzone.com
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Suede Fabric Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Suede Fabric market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Kuraray, TORAY, Teijin Limited, Favini, Majilite Corporation, Aurora Textiles, Aurora Textiles, Fujian Tianshou, Shandong Jinfeng, Yantai Wanhua, Shandong Tongda, Jiaxing Hexin, Kunshan Xiefu, Yuan Jia. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Suede Fabric Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-suede-fabric-market/10346/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Suede Fabric market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Suede Fabric market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Suede Fabric Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Suede Fabric. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Suede Fabric in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Cotton Suede Fabric, Faux Suede Fabric, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Automotive Interiors, Home Use, Consumer Goods, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Suede Fabric Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-suede-fabric-market/10346/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Suede Fabric new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Suede Fabric market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Suede Fabric industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Heather Maassen, 30, charged with driving under the influence and child endangerment, police say
Three people escaped serious injury in a rollover accident in downtown Santa Barbara on Sunday evening, but police arrested the driver on suspicion of driving under the influence and child endangerment.
Emergency personnel responded at about 6:45 p.m. to the wreck in the first block of West Gutierrez Street in front of D'Angelo Pastry & Bread, Santa Barbara fire Capt. Chris Mailes said.
“Upon arrival ... crews found a single vehicle on its top with two additional vehicles involved,” they said.
Police Lt. Paul McCaffrey said the accident occurred when a Honda Civic traveling west on Gutierrez struck two unoccupied parked cars — a Honda and a Mercedes-Benz — on the north side of the one-way street.
“The collision caused the Honda to roll on to its top in the middle of the street,” Mailes said.
The three occupants of the Honda were assessed for injuries, and one child was transported by ambulance to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital with minor injuries, they said.
The driver of the vehicle, Heather Maassen, 30, was arrested on charges of driving under the influence and child endangerment, McCaffrey said.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
By Angela Woods - Northern Advocate
Retail spending across the wider region last month was 5 per cent up on January last year, though a business leader says Northland's growth is in quite selected areas.
The local economy is growing, says Northland Chamber of Commerce chief executive Tony Collins, but mainly in civil construction and owner-operated businesses.
According to new Paymark data, year-on-year growth in credit and debit card transactions in Auckland and Northland was 5.4 per cent - less than the national average of 6.1 per cent.
Greg Harford, spokesperson for Retail NZ, said anecdotal evidence suggested spending increases were greater in the Auckland region.
"There has been particularly strong performance in Hawke's Bay, the Waikato, Auckland and Otago," they said.
"There is an imbalance between urban and regional areas."
The largest regional increase was in Hawke's Bay at 11.1 per cent, with the Bay of Plenty not far behind on 10.4 per cent.
The lowest increase in card transactions was in the Marlborough region, at just 0.2 per cent.
Statistics New Zealand estimated the nationwide increase in card transaction figures at 5.6 per cent. Spokesman Neil Kelly said: "The lift in retail card spending in January was across the board."
Continued below.
Related Content Editorial: Date set for tight election race Your views: Readers letters' Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab
The durables sector (hardware, furniture and appliances) had the largest increase in spending, according to the Statistics New Zealand figures.
Paymark also reported a large growth in spending on hardware and furniture, up 49 per cent over the past five years.
Growth for the month of January alone was 3.1 per cent in this sector.
Electronic card spending has risen by one-third over the past five years, which Paymark said represented an economic trend as well as an increase in card use.
The highest spending recorded was in the food and beverage sector, up 64 per cent between 2011 and 2016.
Accommodation spending was also up, by 58 per cent over the same period.
The monthly increase of 2.7 per cent across all sectors reported by Statistics New Zealand was offset by flat results in November and December.
Mr Harford told The Northern Advocate anecdotal evidence suggested retail spending was not growing hugely at a national level.
"It's been a bit middling."
(Corrects fourth bullet to Danske Bank CFO expects good credit quality (not net loan loss reversal) to continue. Bank rectifies CFO's initial statement.)
April 28 Danske Bank's Chief Financial Officer Jacob Aarup-Andersen made the following comments to Reuters after the bank, Denmark's largest, reported Q1 profit above forecasts on Friday.
* "With the double-digit (lending) growth rates we have seen in personal banking in Sweden and Norway it would be natural to assume that they can continue for the rest of the year," Aarup-Andersen says
* Says there was very high capital market activity in the Nordic region in Q1, especially driven by Danish and Swedish mortgage markets
* Says will focus on partnerships rather than acquisitions within fintech
* Says expects trend of good credit quality to continue
* Q1 loan impairment charges remained low, with net reversals of DKK 0.2 billion (EUR 31.6 million), Danske Bank said earlier on Friday For more on the Q1 earnings, click here: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen, editing by Nikolaj Skydsgaard)
RPT-EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
April 3 Australian shares are expected to inch down on Monday, extending losses into the new quarter and tracking Wall Street, which ended lower in the previous session. Chinese iron ore futures, London copper and global oil prices fell on Friday, indicative of a rough session for material and energy stocks in the region. The local share price index futures was up 0.12 percent or 7 points at 5,855, representing a 9.9-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark closed 0.53 percent lower on Friday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index was 0.091 percent, or 6.540 points, lower at 7,190.24 at 1017 GMT, snapping four straight sessions of gains. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Cooney)
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 Brian Joffe, the founder of South Africa's Bidvest, will list a 2 billion rand ($150 million) investment firm, Long4Life, on the Johannesburg Securities Exchange next week, the firm said in a pre-listing statement on Friday.
Joffe will provide 100 million rand of the capital themselves and unidentified investors will subscribe for the rest before listing the firm on April 7. The firm will not raise any more capital on its listing date.
Long4Life aims to be more nimble than traditional private equity funds and plans to attract public market investors with a diversified portfolio of listed and unlisted assets.
"Long4Life will pursue investments predominantly with a lifestyle focus. These could include businesses in the beauty, outdoor, sport, retirement villages, and restaurants, among other sectors," the firm said.
The firm said it would not target industries such as banking, mining and resources companies.
Long4Life will have the share code L4L on the JSE.
($1 = 13.3270 rand) (Reporting by TJ Strydom; Editing by Mark Potter)
ANYONE who keeps chooks will know the feeling - your friends and family always want a share of the product.
Animal lover Toni Simmons reached a point where they decided to turn others' hunger for their chickens' eggs into a business and they haven't looked back.
They created the Surfie Chicks brand on an ethos of animal welfare, tapping into today's trend that consumers "want to see where their eggs are coming from”.
"They want to see the chickens out in the paddock roaming happy and free,” Toni said from their property on Seaview Rd.
There, on just over 1Ha, that is what their 180 chickens do, just as most people imagine "free range” to mean - despite changes in regulations last year that allow farms with up to 10,000 hens per Ha to be classed as free range.
Those big numbers are "not what people have in their minds” when they buy free range eggs, Toni said.
Animal welfare and the health of their birds are central to their strategy.
"Our hens are able to move and play in the grass and dirt outside, to behave the way nature intended.”
It is illegal to sell eggs to the public without accreditation from Safe Food Queensland, they said, "so that was the very first step we took”.
"We also registered with Biosecurity Queensland.
"We constantly observe the health of the chickens and look for behaviour changes.”
There are also responsibilities like cleaning and storage of the eggs to take care of.
Surfie Chicks uses a "roll-away system” where the eggs roll into a clean area immediately after they are laid, before they are individually wiped with a paper towel.
They're even stamped with a wave logo before they hit the shelves.
So why the surfie name?
Toni's no surfer - they just wanted to give them eggs a touch of the Bargara way of life.
They say they are "just getting started”, and plans to expand to another property in Meadowvale in the future.
"More and more free range farms are starting up to help meet the demand for hens which have been raised in better conditions,” Toni said.
"It has never been a better time for us to try our hand at running a free range chicken business.
"We have three sons aged eight, ten and twelve and hoped this would be a great family business to give the boys responsibilities and working together.”
Surfie Chicks are part of the Hummock Tours run by Bundy Food Tours, where people can visit local farms, see behind the scenes and meet the farmer.
The eggs are sold at the farmgate at 308 Seaview Rd, Bargara, as well as Bargara Markets, Bargara Beach Bakehouse, Carlyle Takeaway, Bargara Berries and Bargara Lakes Tavern.
Phone 0437 537 655 or check out facebook.com/surfiechicksfreerangeeggs.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West.
The Commerce Department said Tuesday that sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of 2018, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
Homebuyers are snapping up newly built houses as the economic outlook has continued to improve in recent months. Nor have the gains been derailed so far by 30-year mortgage rates climbing to their highest averages since early 2014.
Still, the solid sales growth for new homes also shows that many would-be buyers can't find existing homes that are available to purchase. Listings for existing homes sank to the lowest levels on record for March, the National Association of Realtors reported on Monday.
Advertisement
New homes tend to cost more than older properties. The median sales price of a new home rose 4.8 percent from a year ago to $337,200, a nearly $87,000 premium on the median cost of an existing home.
Prices for a new home are increasingly concentrated at higher price points. In 2016, 53 percent of new homes cost more than $300,000. That figure climbed to 60 percent for new homes sold in March.
The March increase was driven almost entirely by a 28.3 percent leap in sales in the West. New-home purchases rose slightly in the South, fell in the Midwest and plunged in the Northeast. The new home sales report can be volatile on a monthly basis, causing the numbers to be revised later.
K. V. Kamath, President of New Development Bank, poses for a picture before start of an interview with Reuters, in New Delhi, India, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
K. V. Kamath, President of New Development Bank, poses for a picture before the start of an interview with Reuters, in New Delhi, India, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
NEW DELHI The New Development Bank set up by the BRICS group of major emerging economies plans to raise up to $500 million via rupee-denominated masala bonds in the second half of the year, the bank's president, K.V. Kamath, said on Thursday.
The BRICS - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - agreed to create the infrastructure-focused lender in July 2014 as an alternative to the World Bank. The bank was officially launched a year later.
The offering comes after the bank sold three billion in yuan-denominated green bonds ($435.5 million) on China's interbank market last year aiming to support clean and renewable energy use to reduce carbon emissions.
"We would be ready with the masala bond in local currency in the second half," Kamath told Reuters in an interview in New Delhi. "Thereafter, in sequence, we will look at the other markets as opportunities open up."
A masala bond is one issued outside India but denominated in Indian rupees.
Headquartered in Shanghai, the New Development Bank is seen as the first major achievement of the BRICS countries since they got together in 2009 to press for a bigger say in the global financial order created by Western powers after World War Two.
However, the establishment of the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) has raised questions about the New Development Bank's relevance, with some commentators casting doubts about Beijing's commitment to the lender.
Kamath played down those concerns, saying the bank was growing as per its schedule.
"We feel most welcome in our host country. We have received the utmost support from China in getting where we are," they said.
"We are growing at the utmost speed that is possible .. We are not finding any constraint."
The creation of the New Development Bank was aimed at addressing a massive infrastructure funding gap in the member countries, which account for almost half the world's population and about one-fifth of global economic output.
The bank, which was founded with an initial authorized capital of $100 billion, started lending last year, funding seven projects worth $1.5 billion.
This year, it plans to fund 15 infrastructure projects in member countries worth up to $3 billion, said Kamath, who ran India's ICICI Bank Ltd (ICBK.NS) from 1996 until 2009.
"We concentrated on building up foundations in the first two years. That task is now complete," said Kamath said.
"As we go along, we will scale up this year what we started last year."
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Protesters hold up placards as members and supporters of an underground Communist movement march along a street in Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. Placards read: 'Rejoice on victory of the Second Congress of the Communist Party of the Philippines.' REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A protester wears a bandanna as members and supporters of an underground Communist movement march along a street in Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. Print on bandanna reads: 'New Peoples Army'. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Protesters hold up banners as members and supporters of an underground Communist movement march along a street in Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. Placards read: 'Rejoice on victory of the Second Congress of the Communist Party of the Philippines.' REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A protester is silhouetted behind a Communist sickle and hammer banner as members and supporters of an underground Communist movement march along a street in Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Protesters hold up banner and placards as members and supporters of an underground Communist movement march along a street in Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. Placards read: 'Rejoice on victory of the Second Congress of the Communist Party of the Philippines.' Banner reads: 'Victory'. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Protesters display banners of underground Communist movements as they march along a street in Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
A protester wears a bandanna as members and supporters of an underground Communist movement march along a street in Manila, Philippines March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
MANILA The Philippines on Friday ruled out declaration of a unilateral ceasefire ahead of the resumption of peace talks with communist rebels next week, saying it was more interested in a bilateral truce both sides could stick to.
The Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) plans to declare a unilateral ceasefire no later than Friday and had expected the government to do the same, in line with an agreement made during backchannel talks this month.
Peace negotiations will resume in the Netherlands from April 2 to 6, a month after an angry President Rodrigo Duterte cancelled talks following an ambush of government troops by rebels, who had ended their unilateral ceasefire.
Previous unilateral ceasefires were fragile, with both sides ending up accusing each other of violations in the absence of any ground rules.
The conflict between the government and the CPP's armed wing, the New People's Army (NPA), has raged for nearly five decades and killed more than 40,000 people.
Duterte offered an olive branch to the rebels as one of their first moves when taking office last year and has expressed frustration that the communists have sought too many concessions. They see no point in a unilateral ceasefire.
"Right now there is no reason," said Silvestre Bello, the government's chief peace negotiator. "Our president is more interested in obtaining a bilateral ceasefire agreement."
Such a bilateral ceasefire tops the agenda, Bello said, adding that they would not discount the possibility of Duterte participating in the Utrecht talks.
"We should concentrate more on this more important agreement because this is where we will be assured of the lowering or ending of hostilities," they said.
Bello, however, expects the discussions to be "very, very, very difficult and exacting" as they would also focus on socio-economic reforms at "the heart and soul of the peace process".
In February, Duterte lashed out at the NPA saying there would be no peace for a generation. On Thursday, they said it was their job to find a solution.
"We have been fighting the communists for 50 years," Duterte said. "You want another 50 years of fighting? You really think we can afford it?"
Just two days ahead of the talks, fighting continued between the military and the NPA.
Ten NPA rebels and two soldiers were killed in a firefight in Quezon province on Thursday, the military said.
(Reporting by Enrico dela Cruz; Editing by Martin Petty)
In a proposal to fight opioid addiction scheduled for delivery in New Hampshire on Monday, US President Donald Trump will announce plans to execute drug dealers and traffickers when "appropriate under current law," Andrew Bremberg, director of the president's Domestic Policy Council, told reporters. Dealers spared the death penalty would face stiffer prison sentences under Trump's proposal.
More than 2.4 million Americans have become addicted to opioids, which include street-dealt heroin and fentanyl, but also physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals; 42,000 died using the drugs in 2016, and overdoses have become the most common cause of death for Americans under the age of 50. Opioid-related hospital visits rose 30 percent from 2016 to 2017, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported earlier in March.
Trump's plan directs their Justice Department to prosecute doctors, pharmacies and opioid manufacturers that break the law and calls for increased research and development through public-private partnerships with other manufacturers of the drugs. The plan includes proposals for reducing opiate prescriptions by a third within three years and improving treatment for addicts. The embattled US president also plans a campaign to educate people on the dangers of opioid abuse.
Germany, the original drug lab Off to war The Nazis sent doped-up soldiers to the front in Poland in 1939 and to France the following year. During the invasion of France, a whopping 35 million tablets of the methamphetamine Pervitin were distributed to soldiers, who named the miracle pill "Panzerschokolade" ("tank chocolate"). It wasn't just the Germans, however: the Allies gave their troops drugs, too.
Germany, the original drug lab Alert and fearless A Japanese chemist created a liquid version of what was to become the German Wehrmacht's miracle pill. The Berlin-based drug firm Temmler refined the drug and took out a patent in 1937. A year later, Pervitin was sold over the counter. It left people alert, fearless, and without need of food or drink. Pervitin is still on the market - illegally - and under a different name: Crystal Meth.
Germany, the original drug lab Their own best customer? Historians disagree over whether the Führer themselves was addicted to Pervitin. Files kept by Hitler's personal doctor, Theo Morell, show a scribbled "x" in reference to a cocktail of medication they were given on any given day - but it isn't exactly clear what it refers to. We do know, though, that Hitler was on a mix of powerful drugs.
Germany, the original drug lab "Miracle drug" Heroin German chemists' inventive talents go back even further than the Nazi era, however. "No cough thanks to heroin," was the ad slogan for a cough medicine produced by the German drug company Bayer in the late 19th century. Heroin was prescribed to patients - adults and children - suffering from epilepsy, asthma, schizophrenia and heart disease. Any side effects? Bayer listed constipation.
Germany, the original drug lab Creative Chemists Felix Hoffmann is perhaps best known for inventing Aspirin. But that's not all. They also developed heroin while experimenting with acetic acid. Hoffmann combined the acid with morphine, an extract from the poppy pod. Heroin was legal in Germany until 1971 when it was finally outlawed.
Germany, the original drug lab Cocaine for opthamologists In 1862, the Darmstadt-based firm Merck started producing large amounts of cocaine as a local anesthetic for ophthalmologists. German chemist, Albert Niemann, had previously isolated an alkaloid they named cocaine from South American coca leaves. Niemann died shortly after discovering cocaine - of lung problems.
Germany, the original drug lab Euphoria and vitality Sigmund Freud, an Austrian neurologist and the "father of psychoanalysis," consumed cocaine for scientific purposes. In their Cocaine Papers study, Freud described the drug as harmless. They observed "euphoria, more vitality and [a] capacity for work." Their enthusiasm waned, however, after a friend died of an overdose. At that time doctors prescribed cocaine for headaches and stomach problems.
Germany, the original drug lab MDMA patent American chemist, Alexander Shulgin, is widely believed to have invented the party drug ecstasy. But in reality, they rediscovered the compound. The German firm Merck had originally developed and filed for a patent for a colorless oil under the name 3,4-Methylendioxymethamphetamine - MDMA - in 1912. Back then, chemists thought the substance had no commercial value.
Germany, the original drug lab The past casts a long shadow These German chemists' inventions are still having an impact today. According to estimates by the United Nations about 190,000 people died worldwide in 2013 because of illegal drug consumption. However, alcohol, a legal drug, is responsible for far more deaths. The WHO says 5.9 percent of all deaths in 2012 were due to alcohol consumption - that's 3.3 million people. Author: Nicolas Martin / db
'The ultimate penalty'
Trump has previously proposed capital punishment for dealers, and even praised their Filipino counterpart, Rodrigo Duterte, whose war on narcotics has led to the deaths of thousands of people, as doing an "unbelievable job on the drug problem." The Philippine president recently withdrew the country from the International Criminal Court after the tribunal opened an investigation into extrajudicial killings as part of their war on drugs.
Still, at a recent White House summit on opioid addiction, Trump mused that "some countries have a very, very tough penalty — the ultimate penalty — and, by the way, they have much less of a drug problem than we do." However, changing the law would require an act of Congress, and, with lawmakers skeptical of how killing street dealers might help reduce a largely institutional addiction, Bremberg didn't say how Trump would manage to employ their own drug war's ultimate penalty.
"We will not incarcerate or execute our way out of the opioid epidemic," Senator Ed Markey, of the Democratic Party, said last week in a response typical of the president's skeptical opposition.
Watch video 02:07 Share Trump meets Duterte Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2nYJn Donald Trump meets Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte
mkg/rt (Reuters, AFP, dpa, AP)
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it here.
ExxonMobil tight on cybersecurity… no USBs, no personal email accounts on company computers
ExxonMobil runs a very tight cybersecurity regime, including a ban on the use of USB ports, to minimise breaches that can potentially lead to an attack on its pipelines and other production facilities, the company's Chief Executive Officer, Darren Woods official said Wednesday.
Responding to a question from the floor at the company's shareholders' meeting in the United States about the protection of domestic infrastructure assets including production and pipeline , Woods said their corporation has recognised that threat very early and has since mitigated that risk by isolating the Internet from its core operations.
“We have made sure that we have separated the critical process control computing systems for our plants and operations from the broader Internet systems that are out there so that we limit the ability for attacks to penetrate into our processing and operating computing systems and we have been very, very successful with that,” they said.
The announcement comes at a time when Guyana and ExxonMobil are holding talks about running pipeline from the Liza well to the Mahaica coast to transport natural gas.
As part of the very substantial programme to check for viruses and harden the system, the ExxonMobil official said virtually all employees are banned from using USB ports and personal email addresses on the company's computers.
“As an example, we don't allow any of our employees to use USB ports because one of the common things in our industry for viruses to get into computers are through these USBs- somebody finds a USB and places it into a computer so, as a way to mitigate that, we kinda shut that off from the majority of our computers,” they said.
“We don't allow people to use personal email on our computing systems because we found that a lot of the personal accounts find their way into our computing systems so we have eliminated that,” they said.
Employees, they said, are tested on how to respond to an attack and so far, ExxonMobil has recorded the lowest failure rate.
Minister of Public Infrastructure, David Patterson has said that ExxonMobil would be landing a natural gas pipeline at an East Coast Demerara village to bring the gas ashore for use by the Guyana Power and Light to produce cheap electricity.
Patterson has been quoted by government's Department of Public Information as saying that natural gas and liquid petroleum plants will be constructed on 20 to 25 acres of an allocated area of 475 acres.
On Tuesday, during Court of Appeal hearings, lawyers for activist Ramon Gaskin raised concerns about liability by Hess and Nexen- two partners with ExxonMobil in the Guyana offshore basin- should an accident result in environmental pollution in Caribbean islands.
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
* U.S. dollar rises after jobs data, pares gains later
* Euro falls against greenback
* Yen inversely tracks with U.S. bond yields (Updates prices, market activity, adds commentary)
By Stephanie Kelly
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar rose on Friday against a number of currencies including the Japanese yen and the euro after strong national jobs data, but the greenback later pared gains and investors were not convinced advances would last past the day.
U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years.
Nonfarm payrolls jumped by 200,000 jobs last month after rising 160,000 in December, the Labor Department said.
The data contributed to the sentiment that inflation is picking up and higher interest rates are on the horizon, said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment director at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Scottsdale, Arizona.
As a result, the U.S. bond market and the stock market began selling off on Friday, they said.
“Under these circumstances, the U.S. dollar is really the safe bet,” they said. “But as things adjust and people get used to notion of higher rates, we might see a return back to modest U.S. dollar weakness, and that's really due to an improving economic profile overseas.”
The dollar index, tracking the unit against a basket of major currencies, was up 0.58 percent at 89.185 at 2:55 p.m. EST (1955 GMT). On the day, the greenback scored its best daily performance since Oct. 26.
Against the yen, the dollar reached its highest since Jan. 23, and was last up 0.79 percent at 110.25.
The yen has correlated inversely with U.S. Treasuries. The 10-year yield hit a four-year high on the day and last edged to 2.8506 percent, while the 30-year rose to 3.0961 percent.
After the jobs data, the euro fell against the dollar. While it pared losses during the day, it did not make up its decline and last fell 0.46 percent to $1.2451.
Investors, however, were optimistic about the single currency's overall performance.
“The euro has a lot more room to the upside,” said Richard Scalone, co-head of FX at TJM Brokerage in Boca Raton, Florida.
The euro zone's economic revival and expectations of monetary tightening have made the euro more attractive for investors, while strong global growth around the world has encouraged investors to move cash out of the U.S. dollar.
A survey showed on Thursday that euro zone manufacturing continued to boom last month, bolstering a view that the European Central Bank is on track to normalize monetary policy.
Sterling was at $1.4128, down 0.95 percent on the day.
May 3 Sprint Corp:
* Q4 loss per share $0.07
* Q4 revenue $8.5 billion versus I/B/E/S view $7.93 billion
* Q4 earnings per share view $-0.04 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sprint Corp - expects 2017 adjusted ebitda of $10.7 billion to $11.2 billion
* Sprint Corp - expects 2017 operating income of $2 billion to $2.5 billion
* Sprint Corp - expects 2017 cash capital expenditures, excluding devices leased through indirect channels, of $3.5 billion to $4 billion
* Sprint Corp qtrly sprint platform postpaid arpu $47.34 versus $51.68
* Sprint corpqtrly sprint platform prepaid arpu $30.08 versus $27.72
* Sprint - q4 total retail postpaid churn of 1.75 percent versus 1.72 percent
* Sprint - q4 sprint platform postpaid net losses of 118,000 versus 56,000 net additions
* Sprint - q4 total retail prepaid churn of 4.99 percent versus 5.65 percent
* Sprint - q4 sprint platform prepaid net additions of 180,000 versus 264,000 net losses
* Sprint - total sprint platform end of period connections at q4-end 59.7 million versus 59.5 million at q3-end
* Sprint-Saw significant improvements in prepaid business in quarter, adding 180,000 customers and returning to customer growth for first time in two years
* Sprint - delivered $2.1 billion of year-over-year reductions in cost of service and selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal year 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Michigan received some big news on Wednesday afternoon as the school announced the return of redshirt junior guard Charles Matthews.
The 6-foot-6 Matthews is opting to pull their name out of the 2018 NBA Draft as they were a key two-way wing for the Wolverines last season. A strong postseason from Matthews helped lead Michigan to the national championship game. In their first college season as a starter after transferring from Kentucky, Matthews put up 13.0 points, 5.5 rebounds and 2.4 assists per game. Matthews also shot 49 percent from the field, 31 percent from the three-point line and 55 percent from the free-throw line.
“I am thankful for the assistance Coach Beilein and the staff have given me in order to gain as much information as possible before making this decision. They showed great confidence and patience with me while I sorted this all out,” Matthews said in the release. “After much prayer and discussions with my family and the staff, I am excited to be returning to Michigan next year. I learned a lot throughout this process, but my main focus will now be completing my education at Michigan and leading my teammates to more success next season.”
The return of Matthews is huge for Michigan, as he'll be a major contender to make the All-Big Ten team after their strong play in March. With the loss of Moe Wagner to the 2018 NBA Draft, as well as seniors like Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman and Duncan Robinson exhausting eligibility, Matthews should be counted on to be the go-to scorer for the Wolverines next season.
That new role could also help to potentially enhance Matthews' pro stock if they choose to leave after next season — especially if they show added consistency and a better perimeter jumper.
Michigan is also set to return point guard Zavier Simpson, forward Isaiah Livers and some solid role players like Jordan Poole and Jon Teske from last season's team. With the Wolverines also bringing in a strong first-year student class, led by five-star forward Ignas Brazdeikis, and they should once again be among the Big Ten's best teams.
Share This: 5 Reasons You Need To Check Out The Arrival Blu-ray Jon
With the possible exception of James Cameron—who hasn't made a movie in eight years—Quebec's Denis Villeneuve may be Canada's most successful filmmaker. In the last four years alone, he's made four acclaimed and/or commercially successful films (Prisoners, Enemy, Sicario, Arrival), and they have two more sci-fi epics (Blade Runner 2049, Dune) on the way.
For a minute there, it looked like Arrival was some kind of quickie oddity they were sneaking in between Sicario and the new Blade Runner, but this film went on to become something very different: a $192 million grossing blockbuster nominated for eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director. In other words, if you missed Arrival in theatres, there's a brand new Blu-ray you need to pick up. In addition to an excellent transfer, this disc offers five fascinating featurettes that reveal just how much imagination Villeneuve and their collaborators poured into this bold undertaking.
1. Xenolinguistics: Understanding Arrival
The longest of the extras on the disc, this 30-minute featurette gives most of the key participants a chance to reminisce about Arrival's production history. In discussing casting, Villeneuve explains that Amy Adams is the only actor they ever considered for the lead, a choice they clearly feel good about. The director describes their star as “a lovely person,” whose presence on set was “like sunshine.”
2. Acoustic Signatures: The Sound Design
To the casual observer/listener, sound design might not seem like a fascinating subject, but this featurette proves otherwise. Supervising sound designer Sylvain Bellemore recalls the various real world sounds (including earthquakes, rock formations, and ice) that were used to bring the alien ships to life. They also detail the extraordinary lengths the production went to, in order to get authentic sounds from televisions, phones, and other devices.
3. Eternal Recurrence: The Score
Coming off their acclaimed contribution to Sicario, composer Jóhann Jóhannsson felt an obligation to break new ground with Arrival—and they definitely succeeded. In spite of what you might think you're hearing, nearly all of their score was recorded using old school analog technology with a minimum of digital trickery. Hundreds of layers later, they delivered one of 2016's most distinctive scores, earning an Oscar nod for the third consecutive year.
4. Nonlinear Thinking: The Editing Process
Given Arrival's unusual take on the relationship between past, present, and future, Villeneuve and editor Joe Walker (Sicario, 12 Years a Slave) had no choice but to break from conventional editing patterns. The duo admits that this proved to be a grueling process, but it also leads to the kinds of epiphanies that give Arrival its unique impact.
5. Principles of Time, Memory, & Language
One of Arrival's greatest triumphs is its ability to make complex scientific concepts comprehensible to the laypeople in the audience. This featurette is a bit more challenging, offering a mind-bending exploration of the reasons we tend to understand the past better than the future. However, it turns out there are some intriguing exceptions.
The Arrival Blu-ray arrives on Earth today. For a glimpse of this Oscar-nominated movie's otherworldly ambition, check out the trailer below.
April 20 Treasury Metals Inc:
* Treasury Metals announces offering to raise up to $8 million
* Offering will consist of a maximum of 12.4 million units at a price of $0.65 per unit
* Proceeds of offering will be used to fund advancement of co's goliath gold project, working capital, general corporate purposes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
John Perovich
Contact
Cassandra Symonds
***@universalaccessproductions.org Cassandra Symonds
End
-- John Perovich is a highly regarded playwright whose most recent offering,opens May 19at Brelby in Historic Downtown Glendale. They will teach a playwrighting intensive this spring at Brelby."Participants in this writing intensive," they said, "will learn ways to push through the demands of writing a full-length play. The class will move quickly, covering idea generation and outlining in the first class and moving with speed through a writing process. The goal of this intensive is to complete a rough draft of a new full-length play. Thus, students in this intensive should have some experience with playwriting;however, it is absolutely fine if this is a student's first full-length play—that's exciting! Will it be difficult? Probably. Will it be rewarding? Absolutely.""With almost 10 years of experience teaching playwriting and working in new play development,"he continued, "I've learned strategies for helping writers push through the creative process. I don't believe in writer's block – it doesn't exist. What I do believe in is a consistent effort to move forward and make progress with writing. Even when it seems difficult, even when it seems impossible, it's not! But sometimes we need a fresh approach to get to where we need to go. This class will help! I work with writers – one on one – to find ways to explore ideas while being committed to the task of writing. I believe in lots and lots of critical feedback that is most helpful to the individual writer. I also believe in accountability, so students should expect strict deadlines. Even though it seems difficult, I do believe, again, that it will be rewarding."John Perovich is a playwright, educator and all around theatre maker in Phoenix, AZ. They completed their Master of Fine Arts in Dramatic Writing at Arizona State University in 2016. Perovich's playwriting credits include,(Arizona State University 2014),(Brelby Theatre Company 2015),(Brelby Theatre Company 2015), and(Arizona State University 2016). Their newest play,, premieres this May at Brelby. John currently serves as the Education Director at Brelby, planning and instructing various courses, including Brelby's Write Club--a free and open group for playwrights that meets monthly to share and develop new plays.  They are the Department Head for the Performing Arts at Metropolitan Arts Institute, instructing theatre and film courses to high school students. Perovich has instructed various courses at Stockton University, Arizona State University, and Chandler-Gilbert Community College. They hold a Master of Arts from New York University in Educational Theatre for Colleges and Communities and a Bachelor of Arts in Communications:Radio/Television/Film from Rowan University in Glassboro, NJ.  They are a member of the Dramatists Guild of America, Inc.Class: Playwriting Intensive - Writing the Full Length Play. Thursdays, beginning April 27, ending on June 1, 7PM to 9PM. For more information and to enroll visit Brelby.com/learn.
Directed by Warwick Thornton, ​Sweet Country ​is a brutal but piercingly moral film set in the Australian outback some time after the first world war. Sam Kelly (Hamilton Morris) lives with their wife Lizzie (Natassia Gorey Furber) on a farm run by preacher Fred Smith (Sam Neill). Sam, Lizzie, and their niece Lucy are Aboriginal, but they live in harmony with Smith, as all of God's creations are equal in their eyes. However, it does not take long for the film to establish this as a minority opinion.
A new landowner turns up at their farm, Harry March (played with a real biting menace by Ewen Leslie), requesting assistance in setting-up their land. Sam helps him, but not long after, March, a virulent racist, becomes enraged by a supposed theft, which leads him, rifle in hand, to where the Kellys are sleeping. Sam defends himself, and shoots March dead. Sam and Lizzie go on the run; it's of little import that they acted purely out of self-defence, for what does the truth matter in societies dominated by the intolerant?
This is the question taken up ​Sweet Country​, and it provides a searing and immutable answer. This is partially due to the heart of the drama itself, which is nuanced and substantive, and partially due to the despondent, sorrowful mood created by Thornton's camera. Thornton (who is also the film's cinematographer) creates compositions of a superbly unexpected nature: deliberately off-centre framing, strangely angled shots reordering the supposed hierarchy of power, and a beautifully-judged dolly-zoom which announces the arrival of a conclusive narrative event.
Most scenes are punctuated by, well, I'm not actually sure what to term them. Some are definitely flashbacks, some are definitely awful adumbrations of what's to follow; but some exist in defiance of either category. We seem to have drifted, as an audience, into one of the characters' minds: we seem to see what one or a number of the players will not say out loud, and we seem to see what they fear, or desire, most. These moments play out with no diegetic sound, so we only hear what is audible in the scene being interrupted. The effect is that of visualising a feeling suspended in time, and it is truly haunting.
Hamilton Morris's performance as Sam is a case study in grace against adversity: the film's acute but sharp critique of racism is substantiated by their stoicism, their outwitting of those chasing him, and by their final (heartrending) line of dialogue. Gorey Furber and Neill are fine support, but there's one misstep. Bryan Brown, as Sergeant Fletcher, the officer in charge of the chase, is a slightly under-written and obvious role, which detracts (only slightly) from the strength of the film's ending.
Sweet Country ​is a subtle, insightful, and powerful piece of cinema.
Image: Thunderbird Releasing
JUBA, South Sudan (AP) — The United Nations says a Nepalese peacekeeper in South Sudan has been accused of inappropriately touching a teenage girl in exchange for money.
The allegation in the town of Aweil comes two months after 46 Ghanaian peacekeepers were recalled when some members allegedly paid local women living in a protection camp in the town of Wau for sex.
A U.N. statement says an investigation into the latest allegation is underway.
Multiple U.N. peacekeeping missions have faced allegations of sexual abuse or exploitation in recent years, with Secretary-General Antonio Guterres calling it a "global menace" that must end.
Advertisement
The U.N. has about 15,000 peacekeepers in South Sudan, whose civil war is well into a fifth year.
The logo of Barry Callebaut chocolate is seen at the entrance of the factory in Lebbeke September 29, 2011. REUTERS/Yves Herman
ZURICH Chocolate and cocoa product maker Barry Callebaut (BARN.S) confirmed mid-term sales growth guidance and reported first-half net profit rose more than expected as a phase-out of less profitable contracts in its cocoa business bore first fruit.
At a time chocolate makers face declining global demand, Barry Callebaut is outperforming the market because big groups outsource their chocolate production to the company and its gourmet business for chefs is also growing quickly.
"Markets are difficult everywhere, particularly in confectionery in the United States," Chief Executive Antoine de Saint-Affrique told reporters on a call on Wednesday, adding they expected to see an improvement in Europe this year and expected the good momentum for the company to continue.
Net profit rose to 142.1 million Swiss francs ($141 million) in the first half of fiscal year 2016/17, the supplier of chocolate to food groups such as Nestle (NESN.S) and Unilever (UNc.AS) (ULVR.L) said in a statement. This was ahead of a 127 million franc average estimates in a Reuters poll.
Sales volume growth at the Zurich-based company was up 1.4 percent in the half to February, just below a 1.7 percent poll estimate. It accelerated to 3.5 percent in the second quarter from slightly negative growth in the first quarter. First-half sales revenue rose to 3.54 billion Swiss francs.
While the phasing-out of less profitable contracts in its cocoa business had a negative impact on volume growth, new outsourcing contracts, notably with Mondelez (MDLZ.O), and the fast-growing Gourmet & Specialties business helped the company outpace a 2.1 percent decline in the global chocolate confectionery market in the six months to February.
Barry Callebaut, which says it makes one out of four chocolate and cocoa products consumed worldwide, confirmed its mid-term targets of 4-6 percent volume growth, with earnings before interest tax above volume growth in local currencies on average up to 2017/18.
Barry Callebaut's shares, which have risen more than 8 percent so far this year, were indicated to open 1.2 percent higher JBPRE03.
($1 = 1.0072 Swiss francs)
(Reporting by Silke Koltrowitz, editing by John Miller and Michael Shields)
(Photo by Andy Kropa/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2017, file photo, Janet Jackson attends the 22nd Annual OUT100 Celebration Gala at the Altman Building in New York. Jackson wants to make it crystal clear: They will not be joining Justin T...
By MESFIN FEKADU
AP Music Writer
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - Together again? Not so much.
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumors that they will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
"To put to rest any speculation or rumors as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow; I will not," Jackson said in a statement released Saturday. "Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon."
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy. Timberlake was Jackson's special guest during their performance at that year's game and ripped off a piece of their clothing, revealing their nipple. Timberlake later described it as an unintended "wardrobe malfunction."
CBS, which aired that Super Bowl, was fined $550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission, but the fine later was overturned.
The hashtags #JusticeforJanet and #JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl, at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday.
At a press conference on Thursday, Timberlake mentioned Jackson's name, along with Jay-Z and 'NSync, when talking about rumored guests to join them onstage. They were not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction.
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl, the decision triggered a backlash from women, minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced. Some argued that Jackson, as a black woman, fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake, as a white man, did, and they said they benefited from "white male privilege."
When asked during an interview last month if they and Jackson have since made peace, Timberlake said, "Absolutely."
They said they and Jackson have talked privately about what happened.
"I don't know that a lot of people know that," Timberlake said. "I mean, I don't think it's my job to do that, because you value the relationships that you do have with people."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Macuata district reps at the Village Bylaw consultation in Labasa. Picture SERAFINA SILAITOGA
YAQONA consumption in villages has been abused and proposals have been made for stringent measures to address the issue including that of women's involvement in the practice.
The proposals, made at village bylaws consultations in the North, stirred grave concerns among traditional leaders and district reps.
Consultations in Cakaudrove, Bua and Macuata over the past week heard there was an urgent need to limit grog consumption to certain age groups.
And if it was affecting women's household chores especially preparing children for school, then women should be banned from grog consumption.
Wainunu District rep Jale Sigarara said it was OK if women consumed grog, but excessive consumption should be stopped.
They said women could drink grog only at traditional functions.
Mr Sigarara proposed at the consultation in Nabouwalu on Monday that villagers under the age of 18 should be restricted from drinking grog.
They said men should also limit their time spent on drinking grog so they could have more family time.
District reps in Macuata also proposed that women be banned from grog consumption because children usually arrived late to school as mothers woke up late after consuming yaqona.
Labasa District rep Isoa Baleirotuma proposed that villagers be informed of the reasons for grog ceremonies.
They said the elders used to consume grog only during important meetings and it was never abused.
Village bylaws committee chairperson Saimoni Waibuta assured that all concerns and proposals had been considered and would be confirmed when the iTaukei Afairs Board meets.
Former Jamaican world championship relay medallist Riker Hylton (L), their sister Tanisher (C) and their attorney Emir Crowne sit during a panel after filing an application to have Hylton's provisional ban for breaching anti-doping rules dismissed, in Kingston, Jamaica March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Gilbert Bellamy
Former Jamaican world championship relay medallist Riker Hylton sits during a panel after filing an application to have their provisional ban for breaching anti-doping rules dismissed, in Kingston, Jamaica March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Gilbert Bellamy
KINGSTON Former Jamaican world championship relay medallist Riker Hylton filed an application on Thursday to have their provisional ban for breaching anti-doping rules dismissed.
Hylton, who won a 4x400m bronze medal at the 2011 World Championships, has denied the Jamaica Anti-Doping Commission's claims that they refused or evaded a drug test.
Their lawyer argued on Thursday that the ban was not in strict adherence with either the World Anti-Doping Agency code of JADCO's rules and wants it dismissed before Hylton appears in front of a anti-doping disciplinary panel from May 30-31.
But an attorney for JADCO argued that the panel that will hear the consider the request relating to provisional ban does not even have jurisdiction to hear the application.
The panel will reconvene on Friday to decide whether to proceed with the application.
The maximum penalty is a four-year suspension.
(Reporting by Kayon Raynor; Editing by Frank Pingue)
STOCKHOLM, April 20 A bookseller detained in China for publishing books on the personal lives of President Xi Jinping and other Communist Party leaders has won a prize for free speech and press freedom awarded by a Swedish media organisation.
Gui Minhai is one of five Hong Kong booksellers who went missing in 2015 and later appeared in mainland Chinese custody. The four others have returned to Hong Kong.
Awarding them the annual Anna Politkovskaya Memorial Prize, Publicistklubben said Gui had "despite personal risk ...shown great courage as a publisher and challenged the narrow-mined political agenda of the Chinese regime".
The arrest of the five men prompted fears Beijing may be eroding the "one country, two systems" formula under which Hong Kong has been governed as a special administrative region since its return to China from British rule in 1997.
Publicistklubben said Gui, a Chinese-born Swede, was abducted in Thailand while on holiday and their family did not know where they were being held.
"I am glad that this prize will focus attention on my father's situation," the prizegivers quoted their Swedish daughter Angela Gui as saying.
"Hopefully, more attention ... can lead to more information on their situation and health and that (he) will be treated better."
China has said its law enforcement officials have done nothing illegal with regard to Gui.
The prize is named after Anna Politkovskaya, a Ukrainian journalist best known for reporting on human rights violations in Chechnya who was murdered in Moscow in 2006.
(Reporting by Simon Johnson,; editing by John Stonestreet)
Users of both Spycrushers Spy Camera Glasses and Snapchat Spectacles prefer Spycrushers camera glasses because of expanded functionality.
Recently camera glasses user gathered for a focus group to test the latest trend in wearable camera and video recording products. The test products were SpyCrushers Spy Camera Sunglasses and Snapchat Spectacles.
According to the study results users preferred the SpyCrushers Spy Camera Sunglasses over the Snapchat Spectacles.
Users were noted saying that the SpyCrushers brand camera glasses had more functionality than the Snapchat product.
Snapchat Spectacles capture video in a wide-angled, circular format designed to mimic the field of vision captured by the human eye.
SpyCrushers Spy Camera Sunglasses also captures video using a wide-angle lens designed to mimic a person's field of vision. Additionally, the SpyCrushers camera glasses also has the ability to create audio only recordings, take photos and act as a PC webcam.
Spectacles sunglasses record 10-second video clips which are then sent to the user's Snapchat account, where they can be shared with friends.
SpyCrushers camera glasses record continuously for up to 60 minutes on a full charge. Recorded media is stored onto a removable micro sd card much like the one used as added external storage with today's smartphones. Users can upload any recorded media to their smartphone, pc or MAC to view and share.
Both SpyCrushers camera glasses and Snapchat camera glasses are currently available in the United States and EU territories.
Spectacles are sold online as well as from bright yellow vending machines, known as Snapbots, which move to a new location each day.
SpyCrushers camera glasses are sold exclusively online through the company's SpyCrushers ecommerce website, Amazon US, UK, Italy, Germany, France, Spain marketplaces and Ebay. Amazon and Ebay shoppers can locate SpyCrushers camera glasses when using the search word spycrushers inside any open search bar found on any Amazon or Ebay webpage.
About SpyCrushers
SpyCrushers brand and line of products are owned and operated by Crushers Inc. Crushers, Inc. is a manufacturer and retailer of consumer goods and electronics.
Contact:
Ericka Evans
Company: SpyCrushers
Address: Geneva, IL
Phone: 317-660-1338
Email: pr@spycrushers.com
Website: http://www.spycrushers.com
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Andy Home
LONDON, April 5 On March 29, El Salvador made a little bit of history.
The tiny Central American country passed a law banning all exploration, mining and processing of metals. Without exception. It is the first nation to do so.
The decision, which enjoys broad popular support, is all the more remarkable given the parlous state of the country's economy.
But in a public debate that pitted water supplies against economics, water won.
The decision will not affect any metals supply chain. There are no major mines in the country, although one was planned.
El Salvador has specific issues with water. Its Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources estimates that 90 percent of surface water is contaminated.
However, it is symptomatic of the environmental pressures that are building across the developing world and increasingly impacting industrial metals.
This is the flip side of the green revolution, which holds so much demand promise for industrial stalwarts such as copper and which has propelled new materials such as lithium and cobalt into the public spotlight.
WATER VS MINING
The vote in El Salvador follows a protracted battle with a Canadian junior, Pacific Rim Mining, over its proposed El Dorado gold and silver mine. The project was bitterly resisted by locals and environmental activists because of its impact on water supplies.
Pacific Rim had sued the government for failing to issue a mining licence after the company had submitted its environmental impact study.
The case ended up with the World Bank's International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes, which found in favour of the government last October.
That paved the way for the new anti-mining law, which was passed with cross-party support and codifies a previous de facto moratorium on mining permits.
El Salvador may be an extreme case but it is not unique in looking again at the trade-off between the economic benefit and environmental impact of mining.
Pacific Rim was bought in 2013 by OceanaGold, which operates mines in New Zealand, the United States and the Philippines.
The company's Didipio gold and copper mine in the Philippines was served on Feb. 14 with a suspension order by the country's Department of Energy and Natural Resources due to allegations including "the potential adverse impact to the agricultural areas of the province".
OceanaGold, which is appealing against that order, had ironically just won for the second year running the country's Presidential Mineral Industry Environmental Award.
But that has been swept aside by the government's anti-mining campaign, which at the last count had led to the closure of 23 mines out of a national total of 41 and the suspension of 75 development licences.
Eco-warrior turned government minister Regina Lopez appears to have taken a leaf out of El Salvador's book, linking their environmental audit of the mining sector to water supplies.
And they have the support of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who has upped the rhetoric in an already heated national debate by suggesting they might favour a total ban on mining similar to that in El Salvador.
The threat may turn out to be overstated but Lopez' actions have already roiled the nickel market because of the impact on the flow of ore to China's nickel pig iron sector.
Similar arguments have been playing out in Malaysia over that country's bauxite mining, which also stands accused of environmental depredation.
Malaysia placed a moratorium on bauxite mining at the start of 2016. It has been extended several times, most recently until June this year.
The issue in the Philippines and Malaysia has been one of unregulated operators maximising profit over environmental impact.
But as OceanaGold will attest, the danger is that all operators pay the price for the bad behaviour of the few.
CLEAN AIR VS METALS
Such pressures on mining impact only the very start of the supply chain for many metals.
China's alumina refineries have already adapted to the Malaysian bauxite ban by searching for raw material further afield in countries such as Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
But it is China that has opened a whole new chapter in the environmental metals story.
Here the issue is first and foremost air, not water, as Beijing seeks a solution to the smog that plagues many parts of the country, not least the capital.
The old environmental inspection regime has been dismantled and replaced with a new centrally controlled system with inspection teams fanning across the country with increasing regularity.
In China too, mining is being targeted by policymakers but such is the low level of visibility on large parts of the sector that the impact of the clampdown is hard to gauge.
Not so when it comes to the country's giant metals-processing industries.
Steel capacity is being aggressively closed and a new plan for alleviating smog over the winter months in Beijing and the surrounding area will force large swathes of industrial capacity off-line, including the entire aluminium supply chain from carbon anode plants to refineries to smelters.
Environmental clampdown has become a defining part of the price narrative in steel and aluminium as a result. The latter, it's worth noting, is the best performer among the major industrial metals so far this year, as the market tries to work out the implications of the planned Chinese shutdowns.
DOUBLE-EDGED SWORD
All of which is ironic for a metal that is expected only to benefit from the green technology revolution due to its lightweighting potential in vehicle construction.
It's not the only one.
Copper has a similar green story thanks to the increased call on the metal from everything from electric vehicles to wind stations.
And then there are the next-generation metals such as lithium and cobalt, which have seen extreme bull rallies on expectations for usage growth in the electric transport and grid storage sectors.
But even while the green revolution is generating a demand boost of varying intensity across the industrial metals spectrum, it is also pinching with increasing frequency the supply of those metals, particularly at the mining stage.
This is a story that has been playing out in miniature in small communities across the developing world.
El Salvador's decision to reject any sort of mining elevates it to a national level.
It may yet turn out to be a historical outlier in the mining industry's evolution but the battle for hearts and minds in the metals vs environment war is only going to become hotter.
(Editing by Dale Hudson)
The Goods and Services Tax (GST) Council on Friday raised the threshold limit for Composition Scheme to Rs 1 crore and allowed quarterly return filing for traders having Rs 1.5 crore turnover to ease the tax filing for small traders.Rs 1 crore threshold in the Composition Scheme has been approved also by the GST Council members, sources said here on the sidelines of its ongoing meeting.Under the Composition Scheme, traders have to pay a fixed tax rate between 1-5 per cent.In view of the problems being faced by traders in filing returns every month, the Council has also arrived on a consensus to also allow quarterly return filing for inter-state traders having Rs 1.5 crore turnover.Council members have approved quarterly return filings for businesses with turnover less than Rs 1.5 crore, a Council member said.But the traders will have to pay GST every month, they added.In another major decision, the Council has exempted exporters from paying Integrated GST on imported inputs for a period of six months, another member said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Ron Jaworski : Well first of all Daks had an unbelievable season for a rookie. They were very, very impressive. Anybody to say they weren't surprised by that would be crazy. I actually liked them coming out of Mississippi State. I did not expect them to be the starter and play as well as they did.
Matt Mosley : What will be the toughest thing for [Dak Prescott] in Year 2 when teams have more time now to study them and try to prepare for him?
Former Eagles QB and current ESPN analyst Ron "Jaws" Jaworski recently joined "The Doomsday Podcast" with Matt Mosley and Ed Werder to talk all things football. Here are some highlights from their interview:
The one thing I love about the offseason [is] I don't have to prepare for a lot of shows ... we do throughout the NFL season. I can sit at my office at NFL Films, plug the tape in, get a cup of coffee and prop my feet up on the desk and just watch throw after throw. And you watch Dak Prescott just drop back and you get a template of how they play the game. ... What jumped out at me was their ability to hang in the pocket and process information quickly. It's uncommon for rookie quarterbacks to do that. The experience they got with Dan Mullen at Mississippi State really helped him.
Very few guys in their rookie year show the ability to process that information quickly. And it was early in the season -- that New York Giants game that opened the season -- you could see that they were ready for the NFL. The game wasn't too big for him. It was amazing how they got as the season wore on better in the pre-snap phase identifying the defense, better in the post-snap phase identifying the defense and just had the uncanny ability to throw the ball with accuracy. I'll say that they threw with accuracy but it's also an area I believe they have to improve on.
As you go from the rookie season to the second season you're going to get better. I would say Dak must improve on the accuracy aspect of their game.
Why Dak's a top 10 QB in the NFL now
Ed Werder: How convinced are you, Ron, that we're seeing the beginning of a career that will lead to Dak being considered an elite top five, top 10 franchise-type quarterback?
Ron Jaworski: He's a top 10 quarterback right now based on one season of play. And you look at the weapons that they have around him: I always say the quarterback is a dependent position. You depend on other people doing their job so you can do yours. When you look at the people Scott Linehan and Jason Garrett has put around them it starts with the guys up front. You got a [Tyron] Smith, a [La'el] Collins, a [Travis] Frederick, a [Zack] Martin and now a Chaz Green going to step in at that right tackle spot.
... They're going to run the ball first. Then they're going to throw the football with the play-action pass and you've got a plethora of players that can catch the football that are smart [and] that read coverage well.
You look at Dak and the weapons around him, I mean, how can you not be excited about the future of the Dallas Cowboys, particularly on offense?
Facing the Doomsday Defense
Matt Mosley: Jaws, you're such a great storyteller and we've enjoyed hearing you over the years tell these storys. Now since we are "The Doomsday Podcast" ... me growing up in this area I idolized the Harvey Martin's of the world, Ed "Too Tall" Jones. These are still -- even though I've gotten to know Ed and some of the others -- like mythical characters to us.
Are there any stories that stand out that you remember about anything they said to you when they had you down after a sack or anything that stands out over the years?
Ron Jaworski: Well first of all, they weren't that kind of team where they were mouthy. It was a Tom Landry coached football team that played with great discipline. And we had incredible respect for the Dallas Cowboys.
BEIJING China's banking regulator sees "severe risks" from funds flowing into the real estate, coal and steel industries through the trust industry, a major part of the shadow banking sector, two sources with knowledge of the matter said on Thursday.
Deng Zhiyi, head of the Trust Department at the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC), recently told trust firms at this year's work meeting that the risks may be higher than originally estimated, the sources told Reuters.
Deng said some trust firms did not fully transfer credit risks to investors, due to insufficient disclosure of information, as well as illegal guarantees made on principal and interest payments.
Some trust companies also misclassified risky assets and lacked sufficient provisioning and capital, they added.
Since 2016, trust products related to property, coal, steel and other excess-capacity industries have been facing rising credit risks, Deng said, particularly as corporate leverage, client concentration rates and defaults were all on the rise.
Deng urged the trust firms to pay special attention to the illegitimate use of real estate trust products to bypass loan restrictions by the banking regulator, according to the sources.
They also warned trust firms not to illegally accept local government guarantees, which would increase the "invisible debt" burden of local governments.
The outstanding volume of risk assets of China's trust industry reached 117.5 billion yuan (13.26 billion pounds) by the end of last year, for an increase of 20.2 billion yuan from the beginning of 2016, CBRC data showed.
Reuters could not immediately reach CBRC for comment.
At the meeting, Deng also told trust firms to strengthen their risk assessment and monitoring and pay special attention to concealed risks using methods such as product repackaging, non-standard fund pools and connected transactions.
"We will continue to clean up non-standard fund pools, and hold trust companies with poor enforcement responsible," Deng said, according to the sources.
(Reporting by Li Zheng and Ryan Woo; Writing by Shu Zhang; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
"Hooked from the very beginning," Teun Brock's film Burgers: The Living Room takes out Actuality Media's Changemaker in Your Documentary Competititon.
Teun Brock won Actuality Media's documentary contest.
Media Contact
Stephanie Capper
Media & Marketing Director
steph@actualitymedia.org Stephanie CapperMedia & Marketing Director
End
-- Teun Brock has been announced winner of Actuality Media's Changemaker in Your Community Documentary Competition.Mr Brock's film Burgers: The Living Room won them a 100% scholarship valid for a 2017 Documentary Outreach with the study abroad organization.Actuality Media's program director Robin Canfield said whilst the competition was fierce, Mr Brock's film had them "hooked from the very beginning"."The setting is different from anything I'm familiar with yet the way it was captured pulled me in immediately with a feel of familiarity - I knew I'd be welcome if I stepped in the door, which is just what Burgers intend," Mr Canfield said."More than other submissions, we weren't just told what was happening, but we got to follow along with the character through parts of their daily life and experience their work with him."We are thrilled that Teun will be joining Actuality Media's Nicaragua Documentary Outreach as Director in June."Mr Brock, who is from The Netherlands and studies cinematography at the Royal Institute for Theatre, Cinema and Sound (RITCS) in Brussels, said they were inspired by Burgers' inclusive socio-cultural space.The former squat in Eindhoven was bought out in the '80s by its residents and developed into a thriving social collective.A network of volunteers now run the collective's small biological grocery store, restaurant and art space which hosts film screenings, expositions and workshops."Burgers' solidarity is very inspiring to me. It shows us that money does not have to be the main driving force in life," they said."We all live together in this world, so it's nice to see people who not only realize this, but act on it."Mr Brock said they were flattered their documentary was appreciated and felt privileged to join Actuality Media's program in Nicaragua in July."Travelling to a new continent with an international team of excited and adventurous filmmakers to discover inspiring stories sounds like a dream come true!"To watch the film, visit our blog at http://www.actualitymedia.org/ documentary- competition- win... Founded in 2011 by Robin and Aubrie Canfield, Actuality Media is a service-learning production organisation coordinating programs for media students and emerging filmmakers to connect with changemakers around the world to tell stories that matter. Actuality Media's programs provide a unique platform to produce short documentaries that showcase individuals and organizations who are making a sustainable impact on chronic social and environmental problems in grassroots innovative ways. To date, Actuality Media's programs have produced 82 documentaries and micro-documentaries in Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Bolivia, Tanzania, Uganda, Kenya, Thailand, Cambodia, Malaysia, Turkey, Morocco and Colombia across a range of categories, from the environment and human rights to social justice.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
TIMMINS -
Two people live on the same road, 100 feet apart and on opposite sides. One pays far less than the other's property taxes – about 10% of their neighbour's share.
Colin Kennedy, a councillor for Iroquois Falls, told the Northeastern Ontario Municipal Association in Timmins on Friday that this is their situation.
“If this makes it into The Press, my neighbours are going to hate me, but so be it,” said Kennedy. “I'm one of these people that lives in one of these unorganized townships.”
Iroquois Falls mayor Michael Shea brought the issue up, arguing that provincial land tax reform is needed to bring municipal tax rates up in unorganized townships.
“It's been a concern for years and for decades, and now it's becoming more apparent that we're seeing a lot of larger homes in the unorganized townships that are choosing to live there full-time and just ever so close to the other side, within feet of the organized townships,” they said.
Kennedy said the change would cost them thousands a year in property taxes.
“I don't think it's right that I'm not paying the same rate as everybody else when I have access to the same services. Not just municipal services, but the services that you folks are paying for – public health. I still have access to the public health unit even though I don't contribute. I have access to CDSSAB services even though I don't contribute. This is a problem,” said Kennedy.
“This is an initiative that needs to be led by the province, because you're never going to get 100% of the people in the unorganized townships to agree to amalgamation. I would go even further and propose that a resolution be sent to the province supporting the incorporation of these unorganized townships in our district.”
Tony Antoniazzi, mayor of Kirkland Lake and president of NEOMA, added, “I think it's important for us all to remember that the challenge and the argument is not with our friends and neighbours living in these unorganized townships – it's with the province.”
Several people around the table worried that amalgamating unorganized townships into municipalities was not the right direction, including Timmins mayor Steve Black.
“We're 45 years down the road since amalgamation and we're still arguing over it, so I'm not sure that's the way to go,” said Black. “I agree that there needs to be an adjustment to the taxation. It also needs to be made clear that that taxation should go to the nearest municipality, not to the province, who isn't providing any of the services that the property tax is based on.”
They noted that in some cases, amalgamation would bring bigger costs to municipalities than tax revenues. They said that bridges in unorganized townships that will eventually need replacing are currently the province's responsibility.
Shea estimated that there are about 100 homes in unorganized areas within eight kilometres of Iroquois Falls' epicentre.
“We need a provincial-municipal formula that's fair for both the municipal governments and the provincial government,” said Shea. “Northern Ontario stands to gain greatly from part of the unorganized townships being part of our communities somehow.
“This is a Northern Ontario thing. It doesn't exist in Southern Ontario.”
Kennedy said other communities face the same challenges, citing Kenogami Lake near Kirkland Lake and Gibson Lake near Timmins.
Madeleine Tremblay, mayor of Fauquier-Strickland, said their community is trying to create by-laws to beautify the area.
“Who will tell them, who will put the rules,” asked Tremblay. “They have no rules, they can do what they want.
“We're losing control of some of those properties, they're not organized. Us, we're putting our best to look good, and there's no pressure. They're not paying anything on top of it. I think some pressure should be given to them,” they said.
Many members of the NEOMA board agreed that the province has to lead land tax reform, as getting agreement for amalgamation would be difficult.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
End
-- The New York Travel Festival (NY Trav Fest) recently announced its partnership with the Tenement Museum as the location of and motivation for a day of free travel panels and workshops that are open to the general public. Located on Manhattan's Lower East Side, the Tenement Museum (http://www.tenement.org/)focuses on America's urban immigrant history, a topic that will also be tackled during the different presentations from 12-5pm on Sunday, April 29."We are excited to partner with the New York Travel Festival to engage members of the travel community with the Tenement Museum's premier cultural and educational programming as well as with the vibrancy of the Lower East Side, New York City's iconic immigrant neighborhood,"said Tenement Museum Media & Communications manager, Jas Chana.This will be the last day of the NY Trav Fest, an event for people whose lives are changed and inspired by travel, which is being held in New York City over the course of three days, from April 27 to 29, 2018. Crafted for travel professionals, the festival's first two days take place at LMHQ (150 Broadway, 20th Floor) and focus on interactive sessions and workshops encompassing best practices for promoting destinations, travel and technology, diversity, sustainability and storytelling.The NY Trav Fest sessions at the Tenement Museum on Sunday, April 29, include but are not limited to: Your Story, Our Story: Connecting People Across Place and Time, presented by Director of Programs at the Tenement Museum, Kathryn Lloyd; Finding Your Photographic Voice, a workshop led by Director, Producer and Photographer Marco Bollinger; Traveling to Find Your Roots, guided by popular NYC travel expert Valarie D'Elia; and Finding Your Niche, a forum of travel professionals who, from their personal experiences, will share advice about everything from travel entrepreneurship. Forum participants are Pratik Gandhi, a growth-hacker and blockchain marketer; CEO of experience-driven sustainable tourism company Curious on Tanzania, Justa Lujwangana; and Co-Founder and CEO of TravTribe, a platform that creates jobs for travelers, Shar Behzadian."We were happily surprised when Tenement Museum was willing to host not just a session, but multiple tracks of our 'Inspire' day of the Festival," says Founder and Organizer of the New York Travel Festival, Roni Weiss. "Along with hosting us, their expert staff is part of our panels on Accessibility, What it Means to Be an American, and Historic Preservation. We're so honored to have the opportunity to work with this storied institution", continues Weiss.A $20 donation is encouraged and goes to the festival's non-profit partner, Travel Unity, in support of their programs that teach underprivileged youth about travel as a means of personal and professional development.For details on Sunday, April 29, sessions, please visit http://nytravfest.com/ inspire/ To register for Sunday sessions, please visit https://www.eventbrite.com/ e/new-york-travel- festival-2018- tickets-40796140354? discount=sunday For the complete three-day NY Trav Fest event schedule, visit http://nytravfest.com.For the mediaAlso on Sunday, April 29, NY Trav Fest and Tenement Museum are hosting a press brunch and tour. Media will experience the museum's Under One Roof tour, which immerses visitors in the real-life stories of modern era immigrant, refugee and migrant families from different parts of the world.NY Trav Fest Social Media HandlesInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/nytravfest/Twitter: https://twitter.com/nytravfestFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/NYtravfest/Registration is now open for all events taking place from Friday, April 27, through Sunday, April 29. For tickets visit: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/new-york-travel-festival-2018-tickets-40796140354General Ticket Options$125 – Friday-Only Ticket (including lunch)$125 – Saturday-Only Ticket (including lunch)$200 – Friday and Saturday Ticket (including lunch both days)For MediaIf interested in covering the 2018 New York Travel Festival, please complete the application form at this link to be considered for press credentials:https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdD-XQcGDK2jA97QgTzlJz_lbffcM91jEdfVos0no1pBYxMFQ/viewformAbout Tenement MuseumAt a time when immigration is at the center of our national conversation, the Tenement Museum is more relevant than ever. Since 1988, the Museum has forged emotional connections between visitors and immigrants past and present, through educator-led tours of its historic tenement buildings at 97 and 103 Orchard and the surrounding neighborhood, enhancing appreciation for the vital role immigrants play in shaping the American identity. The Museum has become one of New York City's preeminent cultural and educational institutions, welcoming more than 238,000 visitors, including 55,000 students, each year. With the Museum well positioned for continued success, the Museum now aims to use every medium at its disposal to dramatically increase the impact of its programming—reaching millions not thousands-- with its message of how immigrants built and continue to build America.About New York Travel FestivalThe New York Travel Festival (NY Trav Fest) is a community of travel professionals and professional travelers. Annually, NY Trav Fest's main event attracts millennial travelers (72% between the ages of 21 and 44), industry members, travel journalists, bloggers, and social media-obsessed travelers. NY Trav Fest focuses on providing professional development and networking opportunities not only during our Festival, but year-round.
West Brom midfielder Chris Brunt admits he's surprised Michael O'Neill wasn't targeted by top Premier League clubs after the success he's enjoyed with Norther Ireland.
Brunt plans to speak with O'Neill in the coming weeks about their own international future but said it was a pleasant surprise to see the Ballymena man commit to a new contract.
“I have really enjoyed every minute of it and Michael has done a fantastic job,” Brunt explained, “It's a really big feat for the IFA to keep them on.
“To be honest I'm very surprised they aren't linked with a lot of bigger jobs purely based on the success they had with us because when they took over we were 125th or so in the world and they took us up to 20th. That's down to the way they do things.
“He knows what to do to get the best out of the lads that are there in order to try and win a game. They leaf no stone unturned concerning the opposition.
“My future is obviously something I will have to think about over the next few weeks. Before the next international break I'll definitely speak to them about it. I'm not making any decisions just yet.”
Brunt also described last year's heartbreaking World Cup play-off defeat to Switzerland as more difficult to take than missing Euro 2018 through injury.
“I knew straight away I was going to miss the Euros so it was a little easier to take in that sense.
“Missing out on the World Cup hit me harder than I was expecting. Playing international football has, a lot of times, been quite difficult but the last couple of years, leading up to the Euros and the World Cup qualifying campaign, have been really great,” they added.
April 10 Indian shares ended lower on Monday, their third consecutive session of losses, as markets took a breather in anticipation of cues from the March-quarter corporate earnings season that begins later this week.
The benchmark BSE index closed down 0.44 percent at 29,575.74, its lowest since March 29.
The broader NSE index ended 0.18 percent lower at 9,181.45, with Infosys Ltd dragging the index down by about 16 points.
For midday report, click (Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Donald Trump's administration is struggling to answer questions about the resignation of their National Security Adviser, General Michael Flynn.
Yesterday Flynn stepped down after just three weeks in the pivotal role, where they served as the liaison between Trump and America's intelligence agencies. Their position had grown increasingly untenable amid accusations they had lied about discussing sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the United States.
According to a Washington Post report, published hours before Gen Flynn resigned, the Justice Department told the White House about Gen Flynn's dishonesty in January, and warned they were "potentially vulnerable to blackmail" by Russia. Flynn was nevertheless allowed to remain in their job for weeks thereafter - and Trump's staffers are struggling to explain why.
'THAT MAKES NO SENSE'
In an interview with NBC's Matt Lauer, Kellyanne Conway claimed the revelation that Gen Flynn had lied to Vice President Mike Pence - who then went on television and insisted they had not discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador - was the key factor in their resignation.
"I think misleading the vice president really was the key here," Conway said.
"But wait a second," Lauer replied. "You're saying that was the straw that broke the camel's back, but the White House knew about that last month when the Justice Department warned the White House that Gen Flynn had not been completely honest in characterising that conversation with the Russian ambassador. And they even went further to say that as a result of that dishonesty, they were at risk for blackmailing by the Russians."
"Well, that's one characterisation, but the fact is that Gen. Flynn continued in that position, and was in the presidential daily briefings, was part of the leader calls as recently as yesterday," Conway said. "As time wore on, obviously the situation had become unsustainable ..."
Continued below.
Related Content Police: Man in custody of health authorities following stabbing of grandfather at Little Rangitoto Reserve in Remuera Political Roundup: Bill English loses the Trump immigration debate Your views: Readers letters'
"Kellyanne that makes no sense," Lauer interjected. "Last month, the Justice Department warned the White House that Flynn had misled them, and as a result they were vulnerable to blackmail. And at that moment, they still had the complete trust of the president?"
"Matt, I'm telling you what the president has said, which is that he's accepted Flynn's resignation and they wish them well, and that we're moving on," Conway answered.
Later, Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Trump's trust in Gen Flynn had "eroded" over the weeks between the Justice Department's warning and their decision to step down.
"We've been reviewing and evaluating this issue with respect to Gen Flynn on a daily basis for a few weeks trying to ascertain the truth," they said.
THE WARNING
Flynn's abrupt resignation, which was announced at 11pm and without a replacement national security adviser lined up, appears to have been prompted by the Washington Post story. Hours before it was published, Conway was still on TV saying Flynn had Trump's "full confidence".
The story revealed Sally Yates, the acting attorney general, had spoken toTrump's White House counsel last month and warned that Flynn had misled the vice president and the public. Yates believed Flynn's comments in a phone call to the Russian ambassador were "highly significant" and "potentially illegal".
When they were informed, Trump reportedly asked the White House counsel to determine whether there were any legal implications. Gen Flynn continued to serve as their national security adviser, with access to highly classified material.
The information provided by Yates contradicted all the administration's public statements. As recently as February 8, Flynn denied discussing sanctions at all during the call. Those denials were consistently backed up by statements from other administration officials, including Pence, who told CBS Flynn "did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia".
But on February 9, Flynn changed their account, instead saying they "couldn't be certain that the topic never came up".
The White House insists Trump asked Flynn to resign because they lied to the vice president, but Trump knew Pence had been misled weeks ago. Only one thing happened yesterday - the details of Yates' warning, described in the Washington Post's story, became public.
THE TIMELINE
December 29
President Barack Obama imposed fresh sanctions on Russia for interfering in the US election. Flynn called Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak the same day, though an official from President-elect Trump's transition team said the sanctions were not discussed.
December 30
Russian President Vladimir Putin surprised the Obama administration by announcing they would not retaliate against the sanctions. Mr Trump praised the decision on Twitter, saying they "always knew" Putin was "very smart". Meanwhile, US intelligence searched for anything that could explain Putin's move, and found the phone call between Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak.
January 13
Sean Spicer told the media Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak had discussed setting up a call between Trump and Putin. "That was it, plain and simple."
January 15
During an interview with CBS, Pence claimed Gen Flynn "did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia".
January 19
This was Obama's final day in office. Yates discussed Flynn's phone call with the heads of the CIA and FBI, and they debated whether to tell the Trump White House what they knew.
January 23
Spicer changed their account slightly, telling the press corps Flynn had discussed the call between Trump and Putin, a Russian plane crash, the situation in Syria and Christmas.
January 26
Yates told White House counsel Donald McGahn that Flynn had misled Pence and was potentially vulnerable to blackmail. McGahn then told President Trump, who asked them to assess the legal implications of Flynn's phone call.
February 8
Flynn denied discussing the sanctions with Ambassador Kislyak.
February 9
Flynn changed their account, instead saying they "couldn't be certain that the topic never came up".
February 11
On Air Force One, reporters asked Trump about the simmering controversy. "I don't know about it. I haven't seen it. What report is that?" they responded, promising to "take a look" at it.
February 13
Conway told NBC Flynn enjoyed the president's "full confidence". Hours later, the Washington Post published its story, and then Flynn resigned.
- news.com.au
Simple Minds, The Pretenders and KT Tunstall will converge on Ardingly, West Sussex next summer.
They will perform on Saturday, September 1 at the South of England Event Centre.
Spokeswoman Ruth Parrish said: “Global icons Simple Minds and The Pretenders continue to enjoy outstanding musical journeys and phenomenal worldwide success. They now come together on the same stage for the first time since Live Aid to present a unique opportunity to see both bands as they tour throughout the UK in 2018.
“Celebrating new albums, Simple Minds and The Pretenders will perform their classic hits, that have made them such a distinctive part of our musical heritage, as well as new material at outdoor venues all over the UK in 2018.
“They will perform at the South of England Event Centre on Saturday 1 September 2018 as part of GRANDSLAM 2018.
“Very special guest, KT Tunstall is confirmed to join the tour. Since taking time out and unleashing their new invigorated album this summer, KT was searching for the next chapter in their musical career. Bringing their unique style and warmth to a legion of loyal fans, as they enchant and engages with every song. KT Tunstall promises to help Simple Minds and The Pretenders take GRANDSLAM 2018 by the horns and fans on a musical journey to remember.”
Tickets are on sale through http://www.ticketmaster.co.uk and http://www.lhgtickets.com
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
April 6 Commerzbank
* CEO says have set goal last year to digitalise 80 percent of our business processes within 4 yrs, up from 30 percent, will affect jobs Further company coverage:
Contact
Kenneth Vercammen
***@njlaws.com Kenneth Vercammen
End
-- Marketing and Ethics in Municipal Court Practice … and ElsewhereMonday, January 30from 5:30-8:30NJ Law CenterLearn how to make more money by ethically marketing your practice...and staying ethically compliant!This program will demonstrate proven techniques for promoting your practice while staying within the ethics rules whether you handle cases in Municipal Court or in other areas of law.Topics include:• An overview of the ethics of marketing - a discussion of information that isand is not permitted to be communicated to potential clients. An overview ofrelevant RPC's , ethics opinions and cases that refer to ethicalcommunication with potential clients, including Opinion 39, 42 and 43 andRPC 7.1.• Ethical websites - do's and dont's as to how your website can attract themost clients while staying within the ethics rules. Topics will include imagery,testimonials and design.• The Ethical Considerations of Social Networking- a focus on how toethically grow your practice through on-line networking.• The Ethical Considerations of In-Person Networking - This will review whatyou can and can't say in person, conflicts of interest and more.• Blogs, Event Calendars, Articles and Other Types of Promotion - Someproven techniques for marketing and rainmaking that go beyond theconventional but stay within the ethics boundaries. ...and more!Moderator/Speaker:Ken A. Vercammen, Esq.Speakers:Jason T. Komninos, Esq.Shanna McCann,.Esq.Marc Garfinkle, Esq.Ethical Marketing for Your Practice: Learn how to make more money by ethically marketing your practice... and staying ethically compliant!New Jersey Law Center1 Constitution Sq. New Brunswick, NJ 08901January 30, 20175:30 PM - 8:30 PM ETNJSBA & NJSBA Section/Committee members are eligible forspecial discounts - login to see your discounted rate for this program.$170.00 USD$128.00 USD
LONDON Bank of England rate-setter Gertjan Vlieghe said on Wednesday a consumer slowdown was already underway in Britain and was likely to worsen, underscoring the need for caution on interest rates.
Vlieghe, who is considered one of the central bank's most dovish policymakers, repeated their view that a premature rate hike was more dangerous than one that came too late.
They also said weak wage growth meant the ongoing rise in inflation, pushed up by the fall in the value of the pound since last June's Brexit vote, was unlikely to turn into something more damaging.
"The consumer slowdown, which initially did not materialize, now appears to be underway," Vlieghe said in a speech delivered at the offices of Bloomberg in London.
"Given the hit to real income from a mix of subdued wage growth and rising inflation, I think the slowdown is more likely to intensify than fade away."
The BoE is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low throughout this year and possibly until 2019 as it steers the British economy through the uncertainty linked to the exit from the EU.
However, one rate-setter - Kristin Forbes - voted last month for a rate hike and others said they might follow suit soon if there were signs of inflation picking up by more than expected or that economy was maintaining its momentum of 2016.
To consider a rate hike, Vlieghe said they would need to see evidence that inflation pressures were spreading beyond the effect of sterling's depreciation, or that there was a pick-up again in household spending and borrowing.
Vlieghe also warned that a "more material" fall in business spending might take place in response to uncertainty around Brexit, given the two-year clock on the negotiations with the European Union had just started.
In their speech, they addressed criticism of the BoE for its warning, made before last year's Brexit vote, that Britain's economy would face a quick and sharp hit in the event of a decision to leave the EU, something which has not yet happened.
Vlieghe said the BoE had been less pessimistic than many other forecasters and, in any case, its decision to cut rates in August had been the right one. "I would take exactly the same action again if faced with the same circumstances," they said.
((Reporting by Andy Bruce and Alistair Smout; editing by William Schomberg))
April 20 Telecom Plus Plc:
* Customer and service numbers for full year show further modest growth
* Total dividend of 48p (2016: 46p) per share for year (+4.3 pct)
* Launch of new home insurance service
* Sees FY adjusted pre-tax profits from continuing operations around 53 mln stg (2016: 48.8 mln stg excluding OPUS) in line with previous guidance.
* Cash flow remains strong, in line with management expectations.
* Home insurance is expected to have a negligible impact on our profitability for current financial year
* Anticipate number of services we supply will increase by between 5 pct and 10 pct over coming year.
* Benefit from faster organic growth will, if current trends continue, be reflected in our reported results for following financial year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where they work.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. They don't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, they acknowledge.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, they say.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," they say. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged their feet too. When they arrived four years ago, they thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," they say.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
It was an evening of fine wine, good company and celebration as the Friendship Center
honored its generous supporters and recognized this year's Big Hearts Awardees on Tuesday evening.
Since 1976, the Friendship Center has enriched the lives of senior and dependent adults through fun, stimulating programming that maintains the dignity of every person.
“Every person has a story,” said Esther Kratz, a longtime employee of the Friendship Center, which has locations at 89 Eucalyptus Lane in Montecito and 820 N. Fairview Ave. in Goleta.
They went on to explain how a man they met was a World War II veteran.
“It's all about paying it forward,” they said.
Everyone at the event had definitely done their part in “paying it forward” to those in need.
From volunteer Robert Hasley, a.k.a. Robo the Clown, who puts on shows at the center, to Friendship Center board president Marty Moore, whose father was a participant of the Friendship Center's Day Services, it was clear that many of these supporters had a vested interest in working with the senior community and raising awareness about the issues that affect them.
During the program, family member and supporter Sharon Brownett described the struggles of dependent adults and the Friendship Center's outstanding programming. Them brother, Henry, was diagnosed with Down's syndrome as an infant and attended the Friendship Center for two years.
After Brownett's testimony, the Big Heart Awards were given to Wayne Covert of Cal-Western Landscape & Pacific Tree, the Charles Bloom Foundation and community leader Gail Rappaport.
Those recognized as Big Heart Awardees are the outstanding supporters and entities who remain true to the mission of the Friendship Center, who have provided support financially or through volunteer efforts, who are advocates of the concerns and issues for dependent elders, and who have made a contribution that enhances the programs and lives of those who go to the Friendship Center.
Covert and Rappaport were surprised by their family members being in attendance. Others on hand included Rona Barrett, entertainment journalist, philanthropist and Santa Ynez Valley resident; emcee Pamela Dillman Haskell; and Friendship Center board members and employees.
Click here for more information about the Friendship Center, or call 805.969.0859. Click here to make an online donation.
— Noozhawk intern Frankie Victoria can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Antonio Conte insists they have no desire to break their Chelsea contract amid speculation linking with a return to managing Italy.
The Italian Football Association is looking for a new coach having sacked Gian Piero Ventura following their failure to qualify for this summer's World Cup.
Their vice-commissioner, Alessandro Costacurta, has been reported as saying they will travel to London for talks with former team-mate Conte about the job.
But Blues boss Conte, who managed the Azzurri immediately before arriving at Stamford Bridge, said they have no intention of leaving west London because they have 18 months remaining on the three-year deal they signed ahead of last season's Premier League title-winning campaign.
“I can tell (you) that Costacurta is a friend and we played together in the national team in 1994 (World Cup), but maybe they forgot that I still have 18 months on my contract with Chelsea,” Conte said.
“My intention, my will, my desire is to respect this contract.”
Fourth-placed Chelsea are currently 18 points behind leaders Manchester City following Wednesday's surprise 3-0 defeat at home to Bournemouth.
Asked if they knew why there were constant rumours about their future, Conte replied: “I don't know why. We signed a three-year contract (in 2016).
“From the start of the season after our defeat against Burnley (there has been) a lot of speculation about my sacking.
“But I'm not interested in this and my only desire is to continue to work, to be focused on my team to try to do the best with this team.
“The only thing that I can tell you now that I still have 18 months of contract with Chelsea and my desire to continue to stay here, to continue my work. This is my will and I don't see problems about this.
“I trust in my work and this is the only way that brought me to be one of the best managers. I don't trust in anything else, only in my work and my job.”
Chelsea had recent signings Olivier Giroud and Emerson Palmieri watching from the stands in midweek as they were humiliated by Eddie Howe's Cherries.
Both players are returning to fitness following injuries and Conte said they must be eased back into first-team action, suggesting former Arsenal striker Giroud could be on the bench at Watford on Monday evening.
“We have to wait because don't forget that especially for Palmieri we are talking about a player he's coming from a bad injury,” Conte added.
“Olivier is coming (back) from a muscular injury, they were out for 50 days before they played 15 minutes in the game against Swansea (for Arsenal, on Tuesday). We are working with them and we have to check their physical condition. It won't be easy for them to start (at Watford).
“I think we have to try to make the best decision to bring these two players in the best physical condition and then to work with them because it's important to have themselves with our idea of football.”
Spain striker Alvaro Morata will remain unavailable to Conte at Vicarage Road because of their back injury, while centre-back Andreas Christensen will miss out due to the hamstring problem they suffered against Bournemouth.
Forward Willian could return though following their hamstring issue and defender David Luiz is back training after an ankle problem.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for their role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described them as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where they had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted them and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
They added that other members of their community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to their reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But their release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but they cannot leave the country. They were also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing them access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of their bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
LARAMIE– The University of Wyoming Cowgirl volleyball team bested the Utah State Aggies, 3-0 (25-20, 25-18, 25-12), in Mountain West action on Thursday night in Logan, Utah.
Sixth-Consecutive Match Won Against Utah State
The Cowgirls improved to 8-9 and 3-2 in conference play and also won their sixth-consecutive match against Utah State.
Sophomore Tara Traphagan led the team with 14 kills against the Aggies, while junior Reed Copeland used a match-high seven blocks to move into seventh-place in program history.
Copeland jumped past Judy Peck (1988-91) and now has 409 career blocks while wearing the Brown and Gold.
Wyoming was firing on all cylinders in the straight-set victory. UW had a .389 (22-8-36) attacking percentage in the opening set, followed with .478 (14-3-23) in the second and .333 (12-2-30) in the final set.
University of Wyoming sports coverage
in Southwest Wyoming is supported by these great sponsors:
The .393 (48-13-89) hitting clip against Utah State was a season-high for Wyoming and best since it used a .429 attacking percentage in a three-set sweep of Samford on Sept. 9, 2016.
Copeland added eight kills on Thursday night, while Traphagan chipped in four total blocks. Freshman Marissa Harmon dished out 30 assists for Wyoming, in addition to eight digs and five kills.
Junior Emily Lewis also had eight kills against the Aggies, as sophomore Halie McArdle recorded seven kills and eight digs.
Redshirt first-year student Jackie McBride had a solid night with six kills and three blocks, while senior Lily Austin was the lone individual with double-figure digs with ten and also tied their career-high with six assists.
Set One
Right off the bat, Traphagan recorded the first kill for UW. They were joined by Copeland as each got off to a hot start by setting UW up with an 8-3 lead. Wyoming and Utah State would then trade points until the Aggies tied the set at 13.
UW held a 15-13 lead at the match's first media timeout. The Aggies would go on a run and force UW to call timeout up 20-19, but the Cowgirls would close out the first set, 25-20.
Traphagan led the way with seven kills, as Harmon posted 15 assists.
Set Two
Back-to-back kills from Copeland gave Wyoming the early advantage. Much like the opening frame, UW's offense found its rhythm for a 6-4 lead. Off a service ace, Utah State would own its first lead of the match, 8-7, but the Cowgirls didn't falter.
The second set would go back and forth until the media timeout, with UW up 15-13. Wyoming went on a 10-5 run to take the second set, 25-18 and build a commanding 2-0 set lead heading into intermission.
Copeland recorded a team-high four kills in the second set, as Harmon tossed out nine assists while running the offense.
Set Three
With Harmon serving to start the third set, Wyoming quickly ran out to a 4-0 lead. Copeland recorded their sixth block of the night and 408th of their career right after intermission – it gave them sole possession of seventh-place all-time.
Up 15-8, Wyoming once again had the lead at the media timeout. From then on, the Brown and Gold were in control of the set and didn't look back.
The Cowgirls closed out the match on a 15-7 run to take the 3-0 sweep behind a 25-12 third-set victory. Traphagan ended the match on a hot note with four kills in the final frame.
Up Next
The Cowgirls will travel to Boise, Idaho, for a 2 p.m. MT contests with Boise State on Saturday.
DETROIT (AP) — Alondra Alvarez lives about five minutes from their high school on Detroit's southwest side but they drive there instead of walking because their mother fears for their safety. Once the 18-year-old enters the building, their surroundings take on a more secure feel almost immediately as they pass through a bank of closely monitored metal detectors.
"My mom has never been comfortable with me walking to school. My mom is really scared of street thugs," said Alvarez, who attends Western International.
As schools around the U.S. look for ways to impose tougher security measures in the wake of last month's school shooting in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead, they don't have to look further than urban districts such as Detroit, Chicago, Los Angeles and New York that installed metal detectors and other security in the 1980s and 1990s to combat gang and drug violence.
Security experts believe these measures have made urban districts less prone to mass shootings, which have mostly occurred in suburban and rural districts.
Advertisement
Officials in some suburban and rural school districts are now considering detectors as they rethink their security plans after the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz allegedly brought in a duffel bag containing an assault rifle and opened fire. He's charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
The massacre has galvanized thousands of students around the country who walked out of their classrooms for 17 minutes — one for each Parkland victim — on March 14 to protest gun violence.
"I think urban schools are eons ahead. They've been dealing with violence a lot longer than suburban schools," said Philip Smith, president of the National African American Gun Association.
During the mid-1980s, Detroit was one of the first districts in the nation to put permanent, walk-through metal detectors in high schools and middle schools. New York schools also had them in some buildings.
By 1992, metal detectors had been installed in a few dozen Chicago high schools. And in 1993, under pressure to make schools safer, Los Angeles' district announced that it would randomly search students with metal detectors.
Such measures "are designed to identify and hopefully deter anybody from bringing a weapon to school, but metal detectors alone portray an illusion of being safe," said Nikolai Vitti, superintendent of the 50,000-student Detroit Public Schools Community District.
"Our schools need to be safer than they are," Vitti said. "As a nation, we need to fully fund and make sure all districts can adequately staff school resource officers and also offer mental health and first-aid training to all educators."
Security measures don't always keep guns off school grounds. A 17-year-old high school senior was killed and another student wounded March 7 in a Birmingham, Alabama, classroom shooting. Metal detectors at the school were not in use that day. A 17-year-old student has been charged with manslaughter.
Two students were shot and three people suffered other injuries in February when a gun in a backpack accidentally fired inside a Los Angeles Unified School District middle school. The district does random metal-detector wand searches daily in middle schools and high schools. A 12-year-old girl has been charged with being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds.
In response to the Parkland shooting, Florida's governor has said they want to spend $500 million to increase law enforcement and mental health counselors at schools, to make buildings more secure with metal detectors and to create an anonymous tip line.
A package of legislation passed by the New York state Senate includes provisions for metal detectors and improved security technology in schools. A parent in Knox County, Kentucky, has said their law office would donate $25,000 for metal detectors in schools there.
Alvarez, the student at Detroit's Western International, said they and others who attend the school go through metal detectors every morning. Them elementary and middle schools also had metal detectors.
"I've always seen it as something that made me feel safe," they said, adding that all schools should have them and not just inner-city ones "so students don't feel discriminated against."
Metal detectors are seen as a symptom of a "stigma that already exists," said Mark Fancher, staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan's Racial Justice Project.
"There is a presumption that urban schools — particularly those with students of color — are violent places and security demands you have procedures in place that are intended to protect the safety of the students," Fancher said.
But metal detectors, property searches, security guards and police in schools create conditions similar to those found in prisons, they said.
"Students, themselves, internalize these things," Fancher said. "If you create a school that looks like a prison, the people who go there will pretty much decide that's what is expected of them."
Many urban districts have a greater awareness and sensitivity when it comes to students' needs, said Kenneth Trump, president of the Cleveland-based National School Safety and Security Services, a K-12 security consulting firm.
"I think in urban schools, the approach of most of the educators, administrators and security personnel is, 'We realize there are issues kids bring to school,'" said Trump, who has been in the school safety field for more than 30 years. "The people will tell you, 'We are not in denial ... we acknowledge our problems. We just don't have enough resources to deal with it.'"
Suburban and rural administrators, parents and students often view themselves as different from their big-city counterparts, and that may impact how they treat school security, they said.
"There's very often that divide of 'There's us and there's them. We're not the urban district. We are the alternative. We're the place people go to get away from the urban district,'" they said.
___
Associated Press writer Jesse Holland in Washington contributed to this report.
American commandos maintain a “persistent” presence in the Baltic states to bolster the training and resolve of troops of the NATO allies anxious about “a looming threat from Russia,” according to a report.
Dozens of US Special Operations forces have “quietly” been deployed to boost the tiny militaries of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia, and help the US detect any “shadowy efforts” by Moscow to destabilize the former Soviet republics, The New York Times said in a report on Saturday.
“They're scared to death of Russia,” said Gen. Raymond T. Thomas, the head of the Pentagon's Special Operations Command, who visited Lithuania recently. “They are very open about that. They're desperate for our leadership.”
The Americans provide sophisticated surveillance technology and intelligence to the Baltic countries, who have a “deep understanding” of Russian military power and cyber capabilities, The Times said.
The Baltic nations are concerned that US President-elect Donald Trump's warmer tone toward Russia might encourage President Vladimir Putin to want to assert control across the whole region.
Trump, who has repeatedly signaled willingness to mend ties with Putin, suggested during the election campaign that the US would only protect NATO allies that paid their fair share to the military alliance.
The comments unnerved the Baltics, which count on NATO's collective security to counter any Russian “aggression.”
Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham along with Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar visited all three Baltic countries last week to assure the jittery allies of the United States' commitment to their security.
"And the best way to prevent Russian misbehavior [is] by having a credible, strong military and a strong NATO alliance," McCain said in Estonia.
The US deployed about 150 troops in each of the three Baltic countries and Poland in April 2014 in the face of perceived threats from Russia.
Since the Ukraine conflict began nearly three years ago, the US and its NATO allies have bolstered their military exercises in the region. They are also slated to send battalions of 800 to 1,200 troops to each Baltic state and Poland this spring.
As part of their trip, Sen. McCain and their colleagues also visited a frontline outpost in eastern Ukraine and met with soldiers fighting pro-Russia forces there.
Violence erupted in Ukraine early in 2014 when a Russian-backed government was ousted, giving the country's pro-Western forces the opportunity to seize power. Relations between Russia and Ukraine further soured when Crimea rejoined the Russian Federation following a referendum in March of that year.
The US and its European allies accuse Moscow of having a hand in the conflict and have imposed a series of sanctions against Russia and Putin's inner circle. Moscow rejects the allegation.
TALAGANTE, Chile A torrid summer and devastating fires across central Chile's wine belt have forced an earlier harvest this year, but there are no signs that volume or flavor will be affected, local industry experts said on Thursday.
High temperatures can lead to excessive sugar and alcohol in the grapes and the harvest needed to take place as soon as the right level was reached, they said.
Climate change is contributing to record droughts, heat and wildfires in Chile, the world's No. 4 exporter of wine by volume and the biggest among New World producers, threatening crops and spurring growers to move south to cooler climes.
In December, temperatures in central Chile hit their highest level in a century. The hot, dry conditions sparked the biggest wildfires in the country's modern history, burning homes and forests and blanketing the entire region in thick smoke.
Most vines had escaped the flames and the bigger worry was the effect of the smoke on the flavor of the grapes, said Angelica Valenzuela, commercial director of industry body Wines of Chile.
"The number of vines burnt was low. But there could be an effect from the smoke which we will see when the harvest is done," they said in an interview at the Undurraga vineyard near Talagante, 22 miles (35 kilometers) southwest of the capital of Santiago. "For now, the first results are not showing signs of any problems."
Close to where some of the worst fires raged, Undurraga produces around 2 million cases a year, some 70 percent of which is exported.
The hot conditions in the southern hemisphere summer had forced growers like Undurraga to bring forward the harvest by about a month, with the first varieties picked as early as January, company spokesperson Fernando Anania said.
That earlier-than-usual harvest was a challenge to Chile's winegrowers in logistics terms, but should not have a major effect on volumes or taste, said Anania in an interview.
Exports of Chilean wine grew 0.9 percent in 2016 by volume and 3.5 percent by value, according to Wines of Chile. Last year, for the first time, China overtook the United States to become the industry's top export destination.
(Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien; Editing by Richard Chang)
For anyone who has ever read "Crime and Punishment" and then really wanted to see a frat boy version — Bro-stoyevsky, if you will — your movie has finally arrived.
"American Animals" is about a foursome of Kentucky college students — all white kids from privileged backgrounds — who in 2004 decided to steal some extremely valuable books from the Lexington library at Transylvania University. They are motivated less by the millions the books (particularly John James Audubon's multi-volume "The Birds of America") could fetch than a desire to step beyond a line and turn their regular lives into something "special."
"We're supposed to be hunter gatherers, man," one says to another in a grocery store aisle.
The irony is that their brazen plot turns them into just another kind of cliché — hapless, dimwitted criminals — and leaves them ultimately with nothing but regret and shame. Oh, and this movie.
Advertisement
Bart Layton's "American Animals" isn't just a dramatization of the 2004 heist. It's frequently narrated and commented upon by the real guys whose story the film is based on. Warren Lipka, Spencer Reinhard, Eric Bosuk and Charles Allen II all appear in documentary-style interviews that punctuate the heist narrative, looking back years later with ashen remorse that may or may not mask their pleasure at starring in their own movie.
It opens, cleverly, with the words "This is not based on a true story." Then, with a puff, the middle words blow away leaving only, "This is a true story." Layton has previously played with hybrids of fiction and nonfiction. Their 2012 documentary "The Imposter," about the shape-shifting con artist Frederic Bourdin, was as manipulative and deceptive as its sly subject.
And especially in the first half of "American Animals," Layton works hard — too hard — to impress its own stranger-than-fiction playfulness. The talking-head testimonies of the guys, along with their parents and teachers, are joined with scenes in which characters question each other's memories. Layton sometimes plays multiple versions of scenes, like the foggily remembered meeting with a possible fence to sell the books in New York.
The what's-true-what's-not tricks, reminiscent of last year's "I, Tonya," are — like the students' own high-minded plans — not quite as smart as Layton seems to think. But the actors are quite good. Barry Keoghan ("The Killing of a Sacred Deer") plays Spencer, a talented painter in search of some artistic suffering. "Art has to be about something more than: My life is great and I'm really good at drawing," they say.
The valuable books first catch their eye, but it's their friend Warren (Evan Peters) who's the ringleader. While their parents are divorcing, Warren lets their athletic scholarship slide and refashions themselves as a James Dean rebel and small-time thief. Through charisma and cajoling, they assemble a team (Jared Abrahamson and Blake Jenner play Bosuk and Allen) and what starts as a hypothetical lark turns into a genuine if poorly considered plot, predicated on disabling the middle-aged librarian (Ann Dowd) and dressing up as elderly men in costumes that mostly resemble 1970s Dick Van Dykes.
They make a study of heist movies, watching films like Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing," giving themselves "Reservoir Dogs" nicknames and imagining a smooth, stylish "Ocean's 11" operation. In a sense, "American Animals" rewards them with the notoriety they sought. And it's reasonable to wonder if the film — which conflates their crime with the existential malaise of American youth — isn't just another way for them to profit for what they deserve only punishment. (Allen also wrote a 2010 book titled "Mr. Pink." Reinhard is still painting.)
There's plenty hollow in the self-aware machinations of "American Animals." But there's also something affecting in Reinhard's regret and how the film charts the swift, crushing fall of a dopey, quixotic idea hatched by kids who don't realize that what they're playing at isn't a game. "American Animals" would be a legitimate cautionary tale if it wasn't invalidated by its own existence.
"American Animals," a Orchard and MoviePass Ventures release, is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for "language throughout, some drug use and brief crude/sexual material." Running time: 116 minutes. Two stars out of four.
___
MPAA definition of R: Restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
Former All Blacks midfield star Ma'a Nonu scored an impressive try for Toulon, with their side edging Dan Carter's Racing 92, 17-11 on Monday (NZT).
Nonu linked up with Springboks winger Bryan Habana to score the opening try of the match late in the first spell of the Top 14 domestic clash.
BRIEF-Taiji Computer says dividend payment date on June 21
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 20
University of Utah leverages Career Step's program to fill pharmacy technician shortage by covering tuition for current employees interested in a career change
University of Utah
End
-- Career Step (http://www.careerstep.com/?uid=pub170215), an online provider of career-focused education and professional training, has partnered with the University of Utah to address a shortage of qualified pharmacy technicians within the university's health care system. The university will offer tuition-paid Career Step training to current employees interested in becoming pharmacy technicians with the end goal of hiring them upon graduation."We are very excited to be able to bring the University of Utah Pharmacy Department this program, which will grow and develop their employees and contribute to the overall health and success of the entire hospital system," said Dr. Denis Petersen, Director, Professional Education at the University of Utah. "Professional Education Pharmacy Tech certificate holders will have the skills needed to excel in entry and mid-level jobs in many different departments in the system."The partnership, which launched Feb. 1, involves Career Step and three groups within the renowned medical university: Professional Education at the University of Utah, University of Utah Health Care Human Resources Department and the University of Utah College of Pharmacy.Through this program, the University of Utah will cover tuition for current employees and provide program participants with opportunities to fulfill the required externship within the University of Utah Health Care system. Once graduated, the students will have jobs waiting for them within the system; the university hopes to fill 60 positions by the end of 2017.The partnership boosts Career Step's existing relationship ( http://www.careerstep.com/ uofu?=pub170215 ) with the university's Professional Education department, which already offers six Career Step courses, including the recently augmented Pharmacy Technician program."We have a longstanding relationship with Professional Education at the University of Utah, and they trust the quality of the education as well as the value we provide their students," said Ryan Ewer, Career Step Vice President of Academic Partnerships. "When we showed them the updated Pharmacy Technician program, they said it exceeded their expectations. Their initiative to pay for employees to train with the program speaks to its quality, and we look forward to helping the students thrive as they prepare for their exciting new careers."Career Step enhanced its Pharmacy Technician program earlier this year to meet the accreditation requirements of the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists (ASHP). This involved adding 115 hours of new curriculum and a mandatory 200-hour externship. The course can be completed in as little as six months with full-time study; students have up to 12 months to finish the program. Upon graduation, students receive a voucher to take the Pharmacy Technician Certification Exam.The University of Utah is not alone in facing a shortage of qualified pharmacy technicians. According to reports from the U.S. Department of Labor's Bureau of Labor Statistics, the demand for pharmacy technicians is expected to grow by 9 percent from 2014 to 2024.Although this tuition-paid partnership is exclusive to University of Utah employees, anyone can take the Career Step Pharmacy Technician course through the university's Professional Education department.To learn more about Career Step's Pharmacy Technician program and other courses offered through the University of Utah, please visit https://continue.utah.edu/ proed/academy/ certificate/ pharm... or contact the University of Utah Professional Education Department at proed@continue.utah.edu or 801-585-1780.Career Step is an online provider of career-focused education and professional training. The company has trained over 100,000 students for new careers as well as more than 100,000 healthcare professionals through its various continuing education courses. More than 150 colleges and universities nationwide have partnered with Career Step, and the company provides training for several of the largest and most respected healthcare employers in the nation. Career Step is committed to helping students and practicing healthcare professionals alike gain the skills they need to be successful in the workplace—improving lives, advancing careers and driving business results through education. More information can be found at www.careerstep.com (http://www.careerstep.com/?uid=pub170215)or 1-800-246-7836.
March 29 SHOKO Co Ltd :
* Says it has received the approval to extend the deadline of submitting the annual report for fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2016 to May 1, instead of March 31
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/jVpmyw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 12 DAVIDsTEA Inc:
* DAVIDsTEA Inc. Announces fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 financial results
* Q4 earnings per share C$0.08
* Q4 sales C$86.3 million versus I/B/E/S view C$85.9 million
* Q4 same store sales rose 0.4 percent
* Q4 earnings per share view C$0.49 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* DAVIDsTEA- As co conducts evaluation of business under new leadership ,develops go-forward strategy, quarterly, annual guidance will not be provided
* DAVIDsTEA qtrly adjusted net income per share $0.41 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi has written to Mr Femi Fani -Kadode as well as Mr Lere Olayinka,media aide to governor Ayo Fayose of Ekiti state demanding the retraction of their assertions on social media linking them to the $43m haul at Ikoyi,Lagos.
Prince Lateef Fagbemi,SAN, lawyer to the Minister who wrote and signed the letters on behalf of their client said that the assertions by Fani Kayode and Olayinka linking Amaechi to the $43m haul in Ikoyi were defamatory, among others.
Click the links below to download and read the letters:
Letter to Fani Kayode 1
Letter to Fani-Kayode 2
Lere Olayinka 1
Lere Olayinka 2
Lere Olayinka 3
A Phillips 66 gas pump is seen at a station in the Chicago suburb of Wheeling, Illinois, U.S., October 27, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young
U.S. independent oil refiner Phillips 66 (PSX.N) reported a 39 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by a $423 million one-time gain from the consolidation of a petroleum coking venture.
The company also gained from a rise in refining margins, which helped mitigate the impact of higher costs and a fall in volumes, caused by heavy maintenance activity.
Excluding one-time items, loss in Phillips 66's refining business narrowed to $2 million in the first quarter, from $95 million, a year ago.
Realized margins improved to $8.55 per barrel in the first quarter from $6.47 in the fourth.
Robust demand for refined products and declining inventories are offering a glimmer of hope to refiners, whose margins fell sharply in 2016 due to a glut of gasoline and diesel.
Valero Energy Corp (VLO.N), the biggest among U.S. oil refiners, also reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday as sales in its refining business surged 40 percent.
Phillips 66's consolidated earnings rose to $535 million, or $1.02 per share, in the first quarter, from $385 million, or 72 cents per share, a year earlier.
(Reporting by Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds historical comparisons) MEXICO CITY, April 5 Mexico's consumer confidence rose in March to its highest since December, the national statistics agency said on Wednesday, as U.S. officials softened their tone on trade with Latin America's second-largest economy. The index was 81.5 in March when adjusted for seasonal factors , above the 78.1 reached in February. Confidence hit an all-time low in January after inflation surged on a spike in government-regulated gasoline prices and the peso sank to a record low before U.S. President Donald Trump took office. The peso has recovered, helped by comments from American leaders such as U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross who said last month that a sensible trade deal with Mexico would help the currency. The unadjusted consumer confidence index was 81.0 during the month. (Reporting by Alexandra Alper; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
【看音樂劇 Musical】
阿拉丁
日期：10月12日至29日
時間：1:00 pm, 6:30 pm, 7:30 pm, 8:00 pm
地點：派拉蒙劇院
詳情：https://www.stgpresents.org/paramount/calendar/eventdetail/3144/-/disney-s-aladdin
由《獅子王》製作人最新製作的《阿拉丁》是一部最新集結魔法，喜劇與美麗畫面的音樂劇。到場觀看的民眾將發現一盞神燈與三個願望有著無限的希望與潛能。百老匯的《阿拉丁》有著電影版里的美妙歌曲與由托尼獎得主Alan Menken全新製作，以及Tim Rice，Chad Beguelin與撰寫《美女與野獸》歌曲歌詞的Howard Ashman所提筆寫下的音樂。除此之外，民眾還將欣賞到托尼獎得主Bob Crowley，Gregg Barnes，Natasha Katz所設計的燈光，服裝與場景。
Disney's Aladdin
When: October 12-29
Time: 1:00 pm, 6:30 pm, 7:30 pm, 8:00 pm
Where: Paramount Theatre
Info:https://www.stgpresents.org/paramount/calendar/eventdetail/3144/-/disney-s-aladdin
From the producer of The Lion King comes the timeless story of Aladdin, a thrilling new production filled with unforgettable beauty, magic, comedy and breathtaking spectacle. It's an extraordinary theatrical event where one lamp and three wishes make the possibilities infinite. ALADDIN on Broadway features all your favorite songs from the film as well as new music written by Tony® and Academy Award® winner Alan Menken (Newsies) with lyrics penned by the legendary Howard Ashman (Beauty and the Beast), Tony Award winner Tim Rice (The Lion King, Aida), and book writer Chad Beguelin (The Wedding Singer). This “Fabulous” and “Extravagant” (The New York Times) new musical boasts an incomparable design team, with sets, costumes and lighting from Tony Award winners Bob Crowley (Mary Poppins), Gregg Barnes (Kinky Boots), and Natasha Katz (An American in Paris).
【看節慶 Festival】
賞楓節
日期：10月5日至15日
時間：10 am-5 pm
地點：西雅圖日本花園
詳情：https://www.seattlejapanesegarden.org/events-calendar/2017/10/5/maple-viewing-festival-2017
西雅圖日本花園是一個四季都適於到訪的公園，這個週末將開始今年的賞楓節，為期十天。除去欣賞美麗的楓葉，民眾還將有機會參與一系列活動，像是尋寶活動，太鼓表演，刀劍表演展示等。另外，Tateuchi社區房間將公開展示由常住於Vashon Island的攝影師Ray Pfortner挑選出的系列精美照片，而民眾也將在週六（10/14）的三點有機會與這些攝影師交流。
Maple Viewing Festival 2017
When: October 5-15
Time: 10 am-5 pm
Where: Seattle Japanese Garden
Info: https://www.seattlejapanesegarden.org/events-calendar/2017/10/5/maple-viewing-festival-2017
These gardens are meant to be enjoyed in all seasons and weather, so venture out in the rain and wind to enjoy a swirl of leaves this weekend at the Seattle Japanese Garden. The festival promises crafts, taiko performances, scavenger hunts, sword demonstrations, tours, and a photography exhibit. The Tateuchi Community Room will be open to visitors to see a stunning photography exhibit curated by Vashon Island-based photographer Ray Pfortner. There will be an opportunity to meet some of the photographers on Saturday October 14th at 3pm.
【看劇場 Play】
薩勒姆的女巫
日期：10月13日至11月12日
時間：2:00 pm/ 7:00 pm/ 7:30 pm/ 8:00 pm
地點：ACT劇場
詳情：http://www.acttheatre.org/Tickets/OnStage/TheCrucible#About
根據美國著名劇作家阿瑟米勒寫的《薩勒姆的女巫》所改編，《The Crucible》以薩勒姆獵巫事件為背景，結合了宗教，陰謀，巫術，渴望等重量級主題來反應人類的偏執想法如何能夠負面影響整個小鎮。通過講述清教徒如何嘗試清除巫術這一故事，這部劇意圖表現人類的羞辱感與道德觀。作為一部重要的歷史劇，它還如同警告當代社會的寓言故事。這部現代版本的《薩勒姆的女巫》也將由西雅圖最佳演員出演。
The Crucible
When: October 13-November 12
Time: 2:00 pm/ 7:00 pm/ 7:30 pm/ 8:00 pm
Where: ACT Theatre
Info: http://www.acttheatre.org/Tickets/OnStage/TheCrucible#About
Arthur Miller's powerful and classic play about the Salem witch trials. Religion, conspiracy, witchcraft, and lust fuel this passionate play about shame and morality as paranoia becomes strong enough to poison a whole town. This stirring story of the Puritan purge of witchcraft in old Salem is both a gripping historical play and a timely parable of our contemporary society. A contemporary reimagining of this revolutionary play brought to life by Seattle's finest actors.
Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi (R) welcomes U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis at the Ittihadiya presidential palace in Cairo, Egypt, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
TEL AVIV U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday they were optimistic about improving military ties with Egypt after talks in Cairo with President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, following a period of strain under the Obama administration.
Earlier this month President Donald Trump moved to reset U.S. relations with Egypt, hosting Sisi for talks at the White House and giving them firm backing, including in the fight against Islamist militants.
"I left Cairo very confident, very confident in the avenues we have to advance our military-to-military relationship, which has been a bedrock and has stood solid all these years," Mattis told reporters in Tel Aviv, without elaborating.
A U.S. defence official said Mattis' meetings with Sisi and Egypt's defence minister had focused on building trust to allow for stronger military ties.
Trump's predecessor Barack Obama froze aid to Egypt for two years after Sisi, then a general, overthrew President Mohamed Mursi in mid-2013 after mass protests against Mursi's rule. Mursi, a Muslim Brotherhood member, had been elected the previous year.
The Trump administration has proposed massive cuts to U.S. foreign aid, but has signalled that Egypt will continue to receive its $1.3 billion worth of annual military aid.
Mattis is the first cabinet level official to visit Egypt from the Trump administration.
A statement from Sisi's office said Egypt was keen "on further advancing bilateral relations under the new American administration".
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Gareth Jones)
The Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) has filed complaints before the City Prosecutor's Office of Manila against Mark Dionson Batuigas for two counts of attempt to evade or defeat tax; failure to file capital gains tax (CGT) return; failure to pay CGT; failure to file documentary stamp tax (DST) return and failure to pay DST, all in violation of the National Internal Revenue Code of 1997 or Tax Code. Investigation showed that Batuigas, of Santa Cruz, Manila, sold to Mark Te Cabrera a parcel of land, together with improvements for P850,000 situated in the area on March 7, 2012. As real property seller, Batuigas is required to file CGT and DST returns and pay the taxes due. No CGT and DST returns, however, were filed and no CGT and DST were paid for the transfer of the property. Consequently, no tax clearance certificate and certificate authorizing registration were issued by the concerned Revenue District Office. As a consequence, Batuigas was assessed an aggregate tax liability o f P161,274.75, inclusive of surcharges and interests.
SACRAMENTO, Calif., March 29 California would increase gasoline taxes and other transportation-related fees for the first time in decades to fund an ambitious $52 billion plan to repair the state's sagging infrastructure under a deal announced Wednesday.
The deal between fiscally moderate Democratic Governor Jerry Brown and leaders of the majority Democrat legislature would increase the excise tax on gasoline by 12 cents per gallon from the current $0.28, and on diesel fuel by 20 cents per gallon, among other fees, over 10 years to pay for repairs to roads and bridges as well as for anti-congestion projects.
"Let's be clear - our roads suck," said Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon, who represents blue-collar suburbs south of Los Angeles at a news conference announcing the deal. "Our bridges are crumbling and traffic takes time away from our families. Delays cost businesses money."
California's transportation systems have languished unrepaired and unexpanded for decades, as budget constraints and politics have stymied plans by Democrats and Republicans alike.
Brown, a fiscal moderate credited with bringing the state back from a $27 billion budget gap, has refused to sign on to plans that involve borrowing money, and Republicans and some moderate Democrats have resisted raising gasoline taxes.
But the same Democratic wave that led California to go two-for-one in favor of former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton last November gave the party a two-thirds majority in both houses of the legislature, enough to pass new taxes without Republican support.
The deal won support of construction companies and labor unions, and Democratic lawmakers on Wednesday put up a unified front on what had been a divisive issue over raising taxes.
Under it, owners of electric vehicles would have to pay a $100 fee to help repair roads even though they don't use gasoline and would not pay the gas tax. The fees and taxes would raise about $5.2 billion per year.
Republicans condemned the plan, saying transportation taxes and fees were already among the highest in the country.
"The transportation proposal announced by the Capitol Democrats is a costly and burdensome plan that forces ordinary Californians to bail out Sacramento for years of neglecting our roads," Republican leaders said in a joint statement.
Their opposition means that if even a few moderate Democrats defect, the package could fail. Brown urged support.
"This is like fixing the roof on your house," the governor said. "If you don't fix the house, your furniture will be ruined. The rug will be destroyed. The wood will rot." (Reporting by Sharon Bernstein; Editing by James Dalgleish)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
* U.S. weekly jobless claims drop to two-year low
* Traders await summit, U.S. non-farm payrolls data
* Crude rises despite bearish inventory data (Adds U.S. market open, byline, dateline; previous LONDON)
By Herbert Lash
NEW YORK, April 6 Global equity markets and the dollar edged higher on Thursday, helped by fresh data showing a tighter U.S. labor market, as investors stayed cautious before the first meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.
Key stock indexes in Europe and on Wall Street climbed but a gauge of global equities was little changed, with gains offset by a decline in emerging markets.
The dollar index extended gains after data showed new applications last week for U.S. unemployment benefits recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years.
Last week's jobless claims data, however, has little bearing on the March employment report due out on Friday. Claims rose during the survey week for nonfarm payrolls last month, suggesting some moderation in the pace of job growth.
"The market will be very remiss to do anything too sharp at this point, given that we have payrolls coming up," said Gennadiy Goldberg, an interest rate strategist at TD Securities in New York.
The dollar index rose 0.1 percent, with the euro down 0.11 percent at $1.065. The Japanese yen eased 0.27 percent versus the greenback at 111.03 per dollar.
Trump faces pressure to deliver trade concessions with China for some of their most fervent supporters and to prevent a crisis with North Korea from spiraling out of control. However, White House officials have set expectations low for the meeting.
The market's main concern is that Trump and Xi may not see eye-to-eye on most things and that traders will infer this from their body language, said Thierry Albert Wizman, global interest rates and currencies strategist, at Macquarie Group in New York.
"Rather than a lack of agreement, however, the greater risk is a lack of deep engagement," they said.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 54.07 points, or 0.26 percent, to 20,702.22. The S&P 500 gained 7.27 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,360.22 and the Nasdaq Composite added 19.07 points, or 0.33 percent, to 5,883.55.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index closed up 0.20 percent to a provisional 1,500.65, while MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe fell 0.01 percent.
Oil prices rose nearly 1 percent, on track for a fourth straight day of gains, but analysts warned record high U.S. inventories could derail the rally.
U.S. crude rose 42 cents to $51.57 a barrel and Brent was last at $54.71, up 35 cents on the day.
U.S. Energy Department data shows crude inventories at record levels, saying speculative buying is starting to reach dangerous levels from a technical perspective.
"It's hard to justify the move on the on back of fundamentals," said Robert Yawger, director in energy futures at Mizuho.
U.S. Treasury yields rose slightly ahead of the U.S. jobs report on Friday.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes were last down 3/32 in price to yield 2.3677 percent.
Gold edged lower, pressured by a firmer dollar, while copper also fell.
U.S. gold futures gained 0.36 percent to $1,253.00 an ounce. Copper lost 0.65 percent to $5,856.50 a tonne.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum)
The mechanic will face a very difficult decision
Coronation Street's Kevin Webster faces an agonising decision after their young son is diagnosed with sepsis.
The mechanic must overcome their shock and decide whether to have Jack's foot amputated or face losing them to the life-threatening blood poisoning.
Jack, a promising footballer, grazed their leg but their condition rapidly deteriorated and their father is left with little choice.
Actor Michael Le Vell, who plays “heartbroken” Kevin, said their character does not know who to turn to.
Kevin Webster fights back tears as they are told that Jack is not responding to the antibiotics as well as doctors had hoped (Andrew Bowes/ITV)
“(Kevin) didn't know things could move this quickly from what they thought was just a little scratch,” said Le Vell.
“Kevin had seen it and wasn't concerned about it, yet in a matter of days it was life-threatening.
“Kevin doesn't understand how a fit young lad can suddenly find themselves in this position. It's devastating.”
Viewers will witness painful scenes when Jack, waking up after surgery, cries as they start to realise what has happened to him.
Le Vell said: “He doesn't understand at first, they can still feel sensation in their leg when they wake up and it's really confusing for him.
“When they start to realise the implications, they cry and it breaks Kevin's heart.”
Kevin faces another dilemma as they begin to blame daughter Sophie, who in turn blames the NHS and says they want to sue medics for missing the signs.
The storyline takes on a personal angle for 11-year-old Kyran Bowes, who plays Jack, after they met a family going through it.
Le Vell praised them for dealing with it in a “really mature fashion”.
Although devastating, Le Vell thinks it is “fantastic” that the storyline could raise awareness about sepsis.
“Soaps can be so great at making people aware of different issues – not ramming it down people's throats, just making people aware of different situations that affect families.
“It's like with the Aidan suicide – no-one suspected they were that low but the signs were there for people to see.”
Corrie continues on TV3 tonight at 7.30pm and 8.30pm or catch up on 3Player now!
© Press Association 2018
A worker walks as smoke rises following a fire at a tower under construction in Dubai's Downtown district, United Arab Emirates April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Smoke rises following a fire at a tower under construction in Dubai's Downtown district, United Arab Emirates April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
A fire is seen at a tower under construction in Dubai's Downtown district, United Arab Emirates April 2, 2017. Government of Dubai Media Office/Handout via REUTERS
A fire is seen at a tower under construction in Dubai's Downtown district, United Arab Emirates April 2, 2017. Government of Dubai Media Office/Handout via REUTERS
DUBAI Firefighters brought a fire under control at a tower being built in Dubai's Downtown district, authorities said on Sunday, the latest in a spate of fires to hit tall buildings in the emirate.
The blaze, which started in the early hours of Sunday morning and sent flames and black smoke into the air, engulfed Address Residences Fountain Views, a 60-storey tower being developed by Emaar Properties.
Roads around the building, located in an area popular with shoppers and tourists, were closed as firefighters tackled the blaze. The Dubai Media Office Twitter account said later that the fire was under control, with cooling operations underway and no injuries reported.
It is the second fire to hit an Emaar building after the developer's Address Downtown hotel was gutted by a blaze on New Year's Eve 2015. That building, which is due to reopen before the end of 2017, is located close to Fountain Views.
Emaar did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Several tall buildings, including residential compounds and hotels, have been hit by fire in Dubai over the past two years or so. The spate of blazes has prompted the authorities to tighten safety regulations on new buildings.
(Reporting by Tom Arnold; Additional reporting by Alex Cornwell; Editing by Mark Potter)
(changes Turkey to Syria in second para)
ISTANBUL May 3 Turkey will continue to take measures against threats from its southern borders with Syria and Iraq, President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Wednesday.
Erdoğan, speaking at a news conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin after a meeting in the Black Sea city of Sochi, said they believed Putin would play a major role in establishing a ceasefire in Syria.
Erdoğan said Turkey considered the Syrian Kurdish YPG, which the United States supports as an ally against Islamic State militants, as no different from the radical Sunni group.
"We do not differentiate between terrorist organisations. Daesh, YPG, Al Qaeda are all the same for us," Erdoğan said, in comments broadcast live on television. Daesh is an Arabic name for the Islamic State militant group.
"It is our mutual responsibility to scrape away their roots," they said.
Erdoğan has repeatedly criticised the United States for its support of the YPG in the fight against Islamic State. Turkey sees the group as a extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has carried out a three-decade insurgency in Turkey's largely Kurdish southeast.
Turkish warplanes carried out air strikes against Kurdish militants in northeastern Syria and Iraq's Sinjar region last month in an unprecedented bombardment of groups affiliated with the militant PKK. (Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Angus MacSwan and Tom Heneghan)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
John Cena recently spoke with Justin Barrasso of Sports Illustrated. The full interview is at this link and below are highlights:
Their time in the crowd at WrestleMania 34 was originally supposed to be short-lived, creative plans coming down to the wire that night:
"There were reservations about me in the audience. Originally, they wanted me to go out in the crowd for 10 minutes. I said, 'Absolutely not. I need a ticket, a physical ticket, I need a real seat, and I am going out in that arena when the doors open.'"
"It was rewarding to make an unbelievable moment believable. I also thought it was a great way to reintroduce an iconic character and let the audience know that character still exists and thrives, erasing all speculative activity that this character is gone."
Their WrestleMania 34 loss to The Undertaker and praise for The Miz:
"I did not do well in this match. My 'WrestleMania Moment' was to spend the time in the crowd and not do well in a very short performance, but I loved it because it got the job done. The focus was not me, the focus was someone else. Often times, we look at things so selfishly, asking, 'What's in it for me?' Well, what was in it for me was the chance to reintroduce a WWE icon. I had to stretch the suspension of disbelief to its breaking point to do it, but it was awesome. Every single week, the crowd would chant at the top of its lungs and no one thought I would be sitting in the crowd at WrestleMania, but I was able to do that. I was able to go out and be handily defeated in three minutes and bring back an icon.
"That is a message to any performer who is complaining about their spot or that, creatively, they have nothing going for them. I've been first, I've been in the middle, I've been last. I just want to go out there and do something. There are a few performers who share my ideology, with The Miz being one of them. That's why they are skyrocketing into a new bracket as we speak, and I can't wait to see what they do next week. But there is also a lot of disdain and complacency. You should be happy with any sort of role, even if it is getting your tail kicked in."
Their thoughts on the build to their WrestleMania 34 match:
"I loved it, I truly did, and I loved it for so many reasons. Our job is to entertain the audience, so that's number one. The story was amazingly unbelievable to the public, with a healthy, marquee superstar admitting, 'Hey, WrestleMania spots are earned. I've been on a losing streak, I've exhausted every option, so I shouldn't go to WrestleMania, especially with the flux of new talent.' But the fans, thinking they know that John Cena is a WWE staple and that I didn't have another project that same day, thought there was no way I wouldn't have had a match. Even if people did or didn't attach themselves to the story, I liked the fact that people still remained interested."
Source: Sports Illustrated
By Iyabo Aina
DB Records Boss, DBanj, this morning took to their Instagram page to thank everyone who has extended their hands of supports towards their family, since the death of their 1 year old son, Daniel ‘D third.
According to their Instagram post they wrote: “We want to use this medium to thank everyone that has extended a hand of support to us during this period. On behalf of myself and my family, we are awed by the demondstration of love and care from both near and afar. May God Bless you all. From the Oyebanjos.”
Recall that this is the first time Dbanj will be speaking after the loss of their child.
Daniel Oyebanjo III died after drowning at a pool in Dbanj's Ikoyi residence on Sunday afternoon.
Their remains have been moved to a morgue at GRA, Ikeja.
LONDON Britain said on Sunday Russia bore responsibility by proxy for civilian deaths in Syria last week caused by a poison gas attack that Washington says was carried out by the Moscow-backed government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
At least 70 people died in what the United States says was a chemical weapons attack in rebel-held Syria. The attack prompted the United States to fire 59 cruise missiles into a Syrian air base from which it said the attack was launched.
Damascus and Moscow denied Syrian forces were behind the gas attack but Western countries dismissed their explanation that chemicals leaked from a rebel weapons depot after an air strike.
Russia has warned that the U.S. missile strikes could have serious consequences for the region. The missile strikes catapulted Washington into confrontation with Russia, which has advisers on the ground aiding its close ally Assad.
British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon criticised Russia's support of Assad, describing the chemical attack as a war crime that happened "on their watch".
"By proxy Russia is responsible for every civilian death last week," Fallon, whose government voiced support for U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to target the Syrian air base, wrote in the Sunday Times newspaper.
"If Russia wants to be absolved of responsibility for future attacks, (President) Vladimir Putin needs to enforce commitments, dismantle Assad's chemical weapons arsenal for good and get fully engaged" with the U.N. peace process on Syria.
On Sunday, Russia's Foreign Ministry criticised a decision by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson to cancel a visit to Moscow later this month, saying it showed a lack of understanding of events in Syria.
The ministry said it also showed once more that there was little to gain from talking to Britain, which it said had no real influence over world affairs.
Washington has long backed rebels fighting Assad in a multi-sided civil war that has killed more than 400,000 people and driven half of Syrians from their homes since 2011.
The United States has conducted air strikes against Islamic State, which controls territory in eastern and northern Syria, and a small number of U.S. troops are helping rebel militias.
(Reporting by William James; editing by Mark Heinrich)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
March 28 Hytera Communications Corporation Limited:
* Says it plans to set up Hytera Technology (Hong Kong) Company Limited, with registered capital of HK$1,000
* Says Hytera Technology (Hong Kong) Company Limited will set up HYTERA PROJECT CORP in Canada, with registered capital of C$1
* Says the co's wholly owned information system subsidiary will sell its 100 percent stake in Hebi-based electronics unit for
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/2miFUk; goo.gl/qX4EJP
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SYDNEY: Enough chemicals to make Aus$3.6 billion ($2.8 billion) of pure methamphetamine, a highly addictive drug known as ice, has been seized by Australian authorities, they said Friday.
Advertisements
The 3.9-ton haul of liquid ephedrine, concealed in a shipment of green tea bottles from Thailand, is the biggest bust of the illegal substance in Australian history.
Australia has the world's highest per capita consumption of crystal meth and the country has become an increasingly attractive destination for drug-smugglers, with street prices soaring.
Justice Minister Michael Keenan said 350 kilograms of meth hidden in buckets of plaster from Thailand had also been intercepted in two operations carried out by police and border forces over the past three weeks.
“The linked and simultaneous investigations began with information originating from Thai authorities about suspected large-scale imports of illicit drugs into Sydney,” they said.
Two people were arrested over the ephedrine bust, which the government said was enough to produce 3.6 tons of ice, and another for the meth. Their nationalities were not given.
Methamphetamine use in Australia has tripled in the past five years.
An Australian Crime Commission report in 2015 found that while US$80 bought one gram of ice in China, the estimated 270,000 users in Australia had to pay US$500 for the same amount.
“The success of these operations is a direct result of the strong relationships established between our Australian law enforcement agencies and those overseas,” said Keenan.
“Keeping illicit drugs out of country and off our streets is one of the highest priorities of this government.”
AFP
UPDATE 1-Raízen set to win auction for two sugar mills in Brazil - creditor
São Paulo, June 14 Brazil's Raízen Energia SA, the world's largest sugar maker, is set to win on Friday a judicial auction for two sugar mills owned by Tonon Bioenergia SA, having made the highest bid, a manager at a group of cane producers told Reuters on Wednesday.
(Corrects headline to clarify that passenger was not dragged by United staff; adds the word "in" to the first paragraph)
By Alana Wise
NEW YORK, April 10 A doctor trying to return home to their patients was dragged by their hands from an overbooked United Airlines flight, according to social media, embroiling the carrier in its second public relations nightmare in less than a month.
The airline was one of the top-trending topics on Twitter as users took to the website to express their anger over the forceful removal of the passenger from United Flight 3411, which was en route from Chicago to Louisville, Kentucky, on Sunday.
Video of the incident posted to Twitter account @Tyler_Bridges shows three security officers huddling over the seated passenger, who appears to be an older Asian man, before dragging them on the floor.
In a separate tweet, Bridges wrote that the man was removed because additional United crew needed to get to Louisville.
United said in a statement provided to some media outlets that the flight was overbooked.
"After our team looked for volunteers, one customer refused to leave the aircraft voluntarily," United spokesperson Charlie Hobart said. "We apologize for the overbook situation."
In Bridges' video, a woman can be heard asking "Can't they rent a car for the pilots and have them drive?" before two of the uniformed men reach into the passenger's seat and yank them from their chair.
The passenger screams as they are dragged on their back by their hands, glasses askew and shirt pulled up above their navel.
Another video shows him, still disheveled from the altercation, returning to the cabin, running to the back of the plane and repeating: "I have to go home."
Fellow passenger Jayse D. Anspach, who goes by @JayseDavid on Twitter, wrote: "No one volunteered (to leave), so @United decided to choose for us. They chose an Asian doctor and their wife."
When the passenger refused to disembark, "a couple of airport security men forcefully pulled the doctor out of their chair and to the floor of the aisle." The man's face "was slammed against an arm rest, causing serious bleeding from their mouth," wrote Anspach.
"It looked like they were knocked out, because they went limp and quiet and they dragged them out of the plane like a rag doll."
Late last month, two teenage girls dressed in leggings were denied boarding on a United flight from Denver to Minneapolis because of their form-fitting pants.
Because the girls were using free passes for employees or family members, they were subject to a dress code. (Reporting by Alana Wise, Angela Moon and Gina Cherelus; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting Pause
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training, feels great
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
1:04 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
BEIJING PetroChina (601857.SS) (0857.HK) will consider taking part in national oil giant Saudi Aramco's initial public offering based on market conditions, it said on Thursday, the second Chinese oil major to discuss becoming an investor this week.
"Saudi Aramco has raised this plan to PetroChina," president and vice-chairperson Wang Dongjin said on Thursday at a briefing following the announcement of China's largest oil and gas producer's 2016 results.
"I think we will make our evaluation and study based on the market situation," Wang said.
On Monday, Sinopec Corp (600028.SS) said the Aramco president had visited the firm and both sides would have talks on the IPO, which is expected to be the world's largest equity sale.
Wang said PetroChina was also in talks with Aramco on its Yunnan Petrochemical plant and about the possibility of supplying its enhanced oil recovery technology to Saudi oil fields.
"We are also having discussions on the joint venture Yunnan Petrochemical. We are making very active progress," they said.
Sources told Reuters in 2015 that Aramco was looking to invest $1-1.5 billion in its new refinery in the country's southwest. [nL3N1H13NV ]
The company expects oil prices to range between $50-58 per barrel this year, recovering from the multi-year lows hit early in 2016.
(Reporting by Gabriel Yiu and Raffaele Huang; Writing by Josephine Mason; Editing by Tom Hogue and Susan Thomas)
DREAM RACER has received an Official Selection for a potential Award at the Toronto Motorcycle Film Festival. Already a winner of 7 International Awards DREAM RACER is in with a chance to win Best Feature Film Award or the People's Choice Award.
Toronto Motorcycle Film Festival
Contact
Dream Racer TV | Media
***@dreamracer.tv Dream Racer TV | Media
End
--DREAM RACER has received an Official Selection for a potential Award at the Toronto Motorcycle Film Festival. Already a winner of 7 International Awards from Los Angeles, Portland, Marina Del Rey, New York, New Delhi, Barcelona and Milan, DREAM RACER is in with a chance to win the Best Feature Film Award or the People's Choice Award in Canada.The Toronto Motorcycle Film Festival will take place on. The Toronto Motorcycle Film Festival combines a passion for motorcycles and storytelling and screens current films curated from around the world, both narrative and documentary, that feature motorcycles and motorcycle culture, giving the local audience a chance to see these movies on the big screen. The Festival is the only motorcycle themed film festival in all of Canada. The event brings festivalgoers together in a casual setting and promotes independent filmmakers by generating publicity for their films, with the aim to increase interest and distribution of their films.DREAM RACER will be featured alongside:Jory Lyon's A.K.A BROKENTOOTH - CANADA'S ICE ROAD BIKER;Roberto Serrini's THE AMERICAN WALL OF DEATH;Jesse James Miller's CHASING EVEL: THE ROBBIE KNIEVEL STORY;Abel Gonzalez's THE FREEDOM MACHINE;Ugo Roffi's GIOVANNI BURLANDO'S VISION;Nick Nummerdor's HILL CLIMB;Radek Marko's HOWL SEAT;Michelle Bauer Carpenter's KLOCKED: WOMEN WITH HORSEPOWER;Tom Long's THE LITTLE PERSON INSIDE;Ned Thanhouser's THE MONKEY AND Them DRIVER;Dmitry Khazhinov's THE ROAD IS CALLING AND I MUST GO;Henrik Hansen's SHINYA KIMURA - CHABOTT ENGINEERING;Gusmano Cesaretti's TAKE NONE GIVE NONE;Matthew Sanders' TRAIL MASTER;Jay Cagney's VIRGINIA'S HARLEY: A GIRL'S BIKE.The Toronto Motorcycle Film Festival earlier announced multi motorcycle racing champion and Canadian Motorcycle Hall of Fame inductee(first woman to win a Canadian Motorcycle Association championship, one of first two women to qualify and finish Daytona 200, competitor in Suzuka world endurance series, Bol D'Or and Lemans finisher, Canadian Woman of Influence Award recipient) as the final member of the Judging Panel. Together with the previously announced judges, and, they will select a winner for Best Short Film and Best Feature Film Awards.Pfaff Harley-Davidson has signed on as the Presenting Sponsor for the 2017 Festival. Supporting sponsors include Cilantric Services, Bitwell Inc, and Integrated Media Production Group. The Toronto Motorcycle Film Festival is open to additional industry and media sponsors.says Christophe Barriere-Varju who is the main subject of Dream Racer and the founder of Dream Racer TV, an online video platform with similar capabilities as Netflix and iTunes featuring a growing list of sports and adventure based films.says Caius Tenche, Festival Director.Held September 29-30, 2017 at the Revue Cinema, the Toronto Motorcycle Film Festival combines a passion for motorcycles and storytelling. The Festival screens films from around the world, both narrative and documentary, that feature motorcycles and motorcycle culture, giving the local audience a chance to see these movies on the big screen. The event brings festivalgoers together in a casual setting and promotes independent filmmakers by generating publicity for their films, with the aim to increase interest and distribution of their films.If you've ever wondered what it means to step out and live your dream, Dream Racer will give you the answer. Dream Racer shows the legendary Dakar Rally in its purest form - no sponsors, no multi-million dollar team, not even a mechanic - just one rider, a motorbike, a filmmaker and the world's most dangerous motor race. Dream Racer is a call to arms for anyone who has ever dreamt of doing anything - a spine tingling antidote to the fear of life passing you by unfulfilled.Dream Racer TV ( https://ondemand.dreamracer.tv ) is a digital video service available to viewers worldwide that features inspirational and true-life documentaries with an audience already covering over 60 countries. Dream Racer TV is a fully encrypted DRM digital video on demand platform that offers a content protected platform to filmmakers. Dream Racer TV takes its name after 7x Award Winning Film, Dream Racer.Caius TencheFestival DirectorEmail: torontomotofilmfest@gmail.comWebsite: https://www.torontomotofilmfest.com Facebook: /torontomotofilmfestTwitter: @tomotofilmfestInstagram: @torontomotofilmfestEmail: media@dreamracer.tvWebsite: http://www.dreamracer.tvFacebook: /dreamracer.tvInstagram: @dreamracer.tvTel: +61 403 444 101 (International)/ 0403 444 101 (Australia)
Contact
Encore Professional Services Limited
***@encorepro.com Encore Professional Services Limited
End
-- Hong Kong has enacted CRS and specified 75 jurisdictions with which financial account information is to be exchanged starting from 2018. The first reporting period however falls into 2017 and for UK and Japanese account holders is from 1January 2017 to 31December 2017. The first reporting period for other jurisdictions specified by the IRD is from 1July 2017 to 31December 2017.The exchange of information with other countries requires a Competent Authority Agreement to be ratified before any information can be transmitted by the Hong Kong tax authority to their overseas counterparts. However, financial institutions are required to report to the Hong Kong tax authority the account balances or values of any accounts the account holder of which is a resident in any of the 74 jurisdictions, regardless whether a Competent Authority Agreement is already in place.With the CRS reporting date for financial institutions fast approaching and therefore the requirement to collect account information of reportable accounts, many existing account holders or persons and companies wishing to open new bank accounts are presented with an additional form to complete. As with FATCA reporting forms, the account holder or applicant is often left with no explanation what the form is for and how it is to be completed.CRS depends on a self-certification form that is not designed by a single jurisdiction and each participating jurisdiction may have a different format, unlike FATCA. The self-certification form should be accompanied by a list of definitions of the CRS terminology. We have combined the most frequently asked questions to the classifications and completion of entity self-certification forms hereunder.Reporting financial institutions will be liable for reporting on financial accounts held by reportable persons. The Inland Revenue Ordinance ("IRO") requires the reporting financial institutions to apply due diligence procedures to collect all required information and documentation from account holders. To identify reportable persons, reporting financial institutions may ask account holders to complete self-certification forms for verification of their tax residency status.According to the due diligence procedures set out in the Ordinance, self-certifications would be required from account holders for all new accounts and for pre-existing accounts a financial institution may be unclear about the tax residence of the account holder. Given the reporting liability of financial institutions, it is likely that financial institutions will require all pre-existing entity accounts to provide a self-certification form, rather than applying a selective approach.For more information visit our website at http://encorepro.com/ blog/encorepro/ faqs-crs-self- certifi...
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Weeks of debate over Minnesota's tax code ramped up at the Legislature on Tuesday, as House Republicans began to flesh out the specifics of their plan that comes with some modest income tax rate cuts but would still hit some 180,000 taxpayers or more with some tax increases.
It's a byproduct of the federal tax breaks passed late last year — while many taxpayers nationwide will pay less in taxes, the tax overhaul has caused headaches for high-tax states like Minnesota. It's forced lawmakers to scramble to sync their state tax code with the federal government to avert a logistical nightmare come next year's tax filing season — and avoid some incidental increases on hundreds of thousands of residents.
With less than a month to go in session, Republican lawmakers were still short on specifics of how their plans would work. The Senate GOP was still finalizing its own proposal, while House Republicans couldn't say specifically who might pay less — or more — under their bill.
Despite their best efforts, House Tax Committee Chairman Greg Davids and House Research analysts confirmed some 180,000 taxpayers would likely see a larger tax bill next year.
“We're not going to be able to get everything put back the way it was because we are a high-tax state,” Davids said.
It's a sign of the complexity of tax conformity. Without adjustments to its tax code, Minnesota would collect more than $400 million in additional taxes next year.
Gov. Mark Dayton has spent weeks touting their plan, which would redirect much of that revenue to middle-class families, giving them an average tax credit of $117. In its place, some businesses would be left with a higher tax bill. Republicans in the House have criticized Dayton's proposal, saying it will increase taxes across all income levels.
Just who stands to benefit from House Republicans' tax plan was still unclear as they prepared to get it ready for a final vote in the coming weeks. It would eventually lower income taxes for the state's second tax bracket — for a single earner who makes $26,000 to $85,000 a year — from the current rate of 7.05 percent to 6.75 percent by 2020. It would also increase the standard deduction in Minnesota from $13,000 for a married couple to $14,000.
But for some earners, that could be offset by the loss of some lucrative tax deductions on work-related expenses, charitable deductions and property loss expenses from fires and some other natural disasters.
Republicans argue those potential tax increases pale in comparison to Dayton's proposal to extend a 2 percent tax on health care providers. The so-called provider tax funds MinnesotaCare and other care programs for low-income residents, but it's currently set to expire beginning in 2020.
GOP lawmakers have spent weeks bashing that as a “sick tax” that would be passed down to every Minnesotan who goes to a hospital or clinic. Dayton and their administration have argued it's not fair to portray that as a tax increase because Minnesotans are already paying it.
Minnesota Department of Revenue Commissioner Cynthia Bauerly said the House proposal would give businesses larger tax cuts over people.
“Unfortunately, this bill, like the federal tax law passed last year, provides more for businesses than for working Minnesota families when it comes to the rate reduction,” they told lawmakers Tuesday.
Davids said they expect their bill will clear the Taxes Committee and could hit the House floor by early next week.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Ian Bailey has strongly criticised the Department of Justice for failing to pass on a request that would have allowed them to give their side of the story to French authorities investigating the death of Sophie Toscan du Plantier, in Co Cork, more than two decades ago.
The journalist learned last November from their Paris lawyer, Dominique Tricaud, that a French investigating magistrate, Patrick Gachon, had written to the department on February 28th, 2013, requesting that it contact Mr Bailey about being interviewed by French police.
French law would have entitled Mr Bailey, as a suspect in the case, to be interviewed as a “protected witness”, allowing them to put their version of events around the murder of Ms Toscan du Plantier, in Schull, in December 1996.
Mr Tricaud found the request in a French file as part of Mr Bailey's appeal against being indicted over their death. When they asked Mr Bailey what had happened, the 61-year-old said the department had never contacted them about it.
‘Flabbergasted'
Mr Bailey said they were flabbergasted to find that they could have been interviewed by French investigators in 2013, as it might have removed the need for France to issue a second European arrest warrant for him, in August 2016.
“It's shocking, to be honest with you. Clearly I would have consulted with my solicitor here, Frank Buttimer, so how it might have altered things is hypothetical, but the point is that I was never afforded a right, to which I was entitled, to give my side of the story,” they said. “Instead somebody in the Department of Justice made a decision not to pass on that request to me. I gather they wrote back to the French, refusing their request, so I never had any say in the matter. It really is a shocking breach of my constitutional rights.”
Mr Buttimer said the department's decision not to pass on the interview request was ironic given its willingness to act on every other request from France, including seeking the endorsement of two European arrest warrants for their client.
Contacted by The Irish Times, the Department of Justice said its policy is not to comment on individual cases.
Event features exhibitions, auctions, and trade show demonstrations, which are free and open to the public
Contact
Kim Rymer
***@woodturner.org Kim Rymer
End
-- The American Association of Woodturners (AAW), a nonprofit organization dedicated to advancing the art and craft of woodturning worldwide, will host its 31st International Woodturning Symposium at the Kansas City Convention Center, in Kansas City, Missouri, June 22-25, 2017. The conference will bring together more than 1,000 turners from around the globe to learn, share, and celebrate the art and craft of woodturning making it the largest woodturning event in the world.In addition to educational sessions and demonstrations exclusively for registered symposium attendees, the symposium offers events, which are free and open to the public, offering the community a rare glimpse into the world of woodturning. Public events include exhibitions, galleries, and benefit auctions of works in wood, as well as a trade show that features both ongoing and scheduled woodturning demonstrations. AAW welcomes the public, all ages, to visit, be inspired, and develop a passion for the art and craft of woodturning.Exquisite woodturned works in wood will be showcased in the symposium exhibitions. Visitors and attendees will have the opportunity to browse a compendium of stunning contemporary sculptural and functional woodturned works by established and emerging artists in several symposium exhibitions.(Free and open to the public)Thursday, June 22, Opening & Reception, 5:30 p.m.- 7:30 p.m.Friday, June 23, 8:40 a.m.- 6:00 p.m.Saturday, June 24, 9:00 a.m.- 4:30 p.m.Sunday, June 25, 9:00 a.m.- noonBid it to win it! Enthusiasts may add to their wood art collections (or start a collection) by participating in the symposium's two live fundraising auctions, which are streamed simultaneously online. Proceeds of the auctions support AAW's nonprofit grant, outreach, and educational woodturning programs. The auction on Friday, June 23, at 7:30 p.m. (central time), benefits the AAW's Educational Opportunity Grant (EOG) program and features 50 pieces by established and emerging wood artists. The auction on Saturday, June 24, at 3:30 p.m. (central time) supports the AAW's Professional Outreach Program (POP) and features 44 small-scale pieces by studio artists from around the world. The live auctions will be streamed simultaneously online and work can be previewed and bids may be placed online at http://www.auction2017.woodturner.org/ (Free admission)Friday, June 23, 7:30 p.m., Great Hall 3501Saturday, June 24, 3:30 p.m., Bartle Hall BKick a few tires! The latest and greatest woodturning products will be on display at the symposium's enormous trade show. Jam-packed with state-of-the-art woodturning lathes, accessories, tools, supplies, wood, and more, visitors can observe a range of both impromptu and scheduled demonstrations, and see equipment up close and in action.(Free and open to the public)Friday, June 23, 10:00 a.m.- 6:30 p.m.Saturday, June 24, 7:30 a.m.- 6:00 p.m.Sunday, June 25, 8:00 a.m.- 2:15 p.m.(Free and open to the public)11:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. - Sharpening, Doug Thompson, Doug Thompson Tools11:15 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. - Joys of Lamination with Dyed Veneer, Martha Collins2:30 p.m. to 3:15 p.m. - Airbrush on Wood, Joe Fleming, Airbrushing Wood2:30 p.m. to 3:15 p.m. - Embellishment and Coloration, Nick Agar, Chroma Craft8:30 a.m. to 9:15 a.m. - Bowl Turning with No Torn Grain Using the 40/40 Grind, Stuart Batty, Woodworking Emporium8:30 a.m. to 9:15 a.m. -So You Want to Be a Woodturner? Paul Carter, Carter and Son Tools1:45 a.m. to 2:45 a.m.- Coring Bowls, Doug Magrath, OneWay1:45 a.m. to 2:45 a.m.- Four-Axis Computer-Controlled Routing, Bart Niswanger, Furniture SocietyWoodturners are a generous bunch. This year's symposium will raise money for Variety the Children's Charity of Greater Kansas City, which provides children with developmental disabilities adaptive equipment and opportunities for activity and inclusion. Attendees and visitors are invited to purchase a handcrafted bowl of any size for $25 to support Variety. Additionally, a display of woodturned boxes made by AAW members for Beads of Courage, which supports local children coping with serious illnesses.The American Association of Woodturners (AAW) is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization, headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota, dedicated to advancing the art and craft of woodturning worldwide by offering opportunities for education, information, inspiration, and community to those interested in turning wood. Established in 1986, AAW currently has more than 15,000 members and a network of over 350 local chapters globally representing professionals, amateurs, artists, hobbyists, gallery owners, collectors, and others. The AAW possesses the single largest collection of woodturning information anywhere and its award-winning journal, American Woodturner, is the foremost publication on the art and craft of woodturning in the world. To learn more, visit woodturner.org.Woodturning is a contemporary craft with roots dating back over 2,500 years. The process involves a lathe, a machine that securely holds and spins wood at high speeds, wherein artists and craftspeople shape objects using specialized gouges and chisels. Traditionally, woodturning has been used to create functional items, such as chair legs, candlesticks, and bowls. Today, lathe-turned work is also understood as an art form and vehicle for individual enrichment, creativity, and expression, and embraces diversity in both genre and makers. The objects produced are just as varied as the people who turn them. From functional objects, like bowls, to abstract sculptural forms, woodturning may include surface carving, embellishment, and finishing techniques, and specialized methods such as segmented, multi-axis, ornamental, pen turning. The art and craft of woodturning has a modest learning curve and engages people from age 8 to 108.
WINDHOEK President Hage Geingob has said Namibia will make it mandatory for white-owned businesses to sell a 25 percent stake to blacks, calling the country one of the most unequal in the world.
A draft bill on the Namibia Economic Empowerment Framework (NEEF) was expected to be tabled before their cabinet soon, Geingob said in a speech on Wednesday.
Whites make up only about 6 percent of Namibia's population of 2.4 million, but overwhelmingly dominate business ownership.
Geingob said Namibia had not seen significant transformation in the 27 years of independence from apartheid South African rule.
"The majority of Namibians remain structurally excluded from meaningful participation in the economy and as we established earlier, inclusivity ensures harmony and exclusivity brings discord," Geingob told the country's lawmakers.
"We require the support of all Namibians to fix the obvious and dangerous flaws in our social structure."
Last year, rating agency Fitch cited the empowerment plan as one of the reasons it had downgraded Namibia's economic outlook from stable to negative, saying the policy would scare away investors who might not be willing to cede stakes in their companies.
The Construction Industries Federation (CIF), the Namibia Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the Namibian Employers Federation have all expressed concern about the empowerment plan.
"Any empowerment initiatives should not lead to distinctions based on race, as it would negatively impact race relations," The CIF, which has a membership of over 470 companies, has said.
"Instead, poor Namibians, regardless of racial origins, should benefit through increased focus and monitoring of already existing empowerment efforts."
The government of neighbouring South Africa has a regulation that at least 26 percent of the ownership of mining companies be in black hands. Companies say they should be considered to have met the rule even after black owners have sold their shares, which has become a bone of contention.
In Zimbabwe, the government is considering amending black empowerment laws that aims to transfer majority shares from foreign-owned firms to black Zimbabweans after it was blamed for deterring investment.
(Editing by James Macharia and Andrew Roche)
April 3 Royal Nickel Corp
* RNC announces year end 2016 results
* Royal Nickel Corp - expect to achieve initial goals for beta hunt mine operation by mid-year 2017
* Royal Nickel - full year 2017 gold production for beta hunt mine expected to be 65-70,000 ounces at an all-in-sustaining-cost of $US900-1,000 per ounce Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
VINCENNES, Ind. (WTHI) – Police are investigating an officer-involved shooting in Vincennes.
Indiana State Police say the incident happened just before 9:00 p.m. Tuesday.
Police responded to the Chuckle's Gas Station on Old Decker Road, on the south side of Vincennes.
Indiana State Police say officers were attempting to serve a felony warrant to the 35-year-old male at the time of the shooting.
Sgt. Todd Ringle says the suspect exited their vehicle and then shot at troopers. They returned fire striking the suspect.
Authorities at the scene told News 10 the suspect was taken to a local hospital.
Knox: Officer involved shooting in the Chuckles parking lot on Old Decker Rd. Troopers are okay. Suspect was taken to Good Samaritan Hosp. pic.twitter.com/g29MMPq2OG — Sgt. Todd Ringle (@ISPEvansville) February 15, 2017
Sgt. Ringle says troopers involved with the warrant service are “okay.”
This is a developing story, we will continue to monitor developments.
Burglars used ladders to steal boilers worth almost £3,000 from three houses on a new housing estate.
The thefts from properties in Well Spring Close, Finedon, took place sometime between 6pm last Thursday (April 13) and 8am on Good Friday.
A police spokesperson said: “After removing the boilers, the thieves exited the homes via the front door and left the site, causing significant damage to the kitchens of the three properties.
“The boilers are white Worcester Greenstar combi-boilers and the offenders must have used a van to transport the stolen property in and out of the site which leads to Thrapston Road.”
Anyone with information can call Northamptonshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
A woman was threatened at knifepoint outside Matalan in Wellingborough town centre.
The victim was walking towards Aldi at about 9.25pm last Friday (August 11) when they were approached by a male who then produced a knife and threatened to kill them if they failed to hand over their bag.
A police spokesperson said: “In the struggle which followed, the victim fell to the floor after grabbing the knife, ending up with the blade in their hand still holding their bag.
“The offender pulled the bag causing it to come away from the handles and they then ran off in an unknown direction.”
The offender is described as 5ft 3in and they wore a black hooded top, with the hood up, grey jogging bottoms and a brown scarf over face.
They walked with a limp.
Anyone with information can call Northamptonshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers, in confidence, on 0800 555111.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Hey! Michelle from the Alice Promotions team – coming at you from Disney's Aulani Resort in Hawaii!
So, yesterday was Jayn's first broadcast here, and I've gotta say – looking out at the ocean, smelling orchid leis, sampling the freshest island fruit (featuring hidden Mickeys) and getting visits from Disney VIPs (hey, Pluto!) is a pretty great “day at the office.”
After the broadcast, I was on the hunt for some fresh seafood! When I'm in Hawaii I tend to go overboard on mahi-mahi and poke … I just can't help myself. Luckily I didn't have to go far to find what I was looking for – Aulani Resort's Ama Ama restaurant was serving up fish tacos with a side of clear blue ocean views (the dream)!
Next, I hit the beach for a bit and got caught up people watching. There were so many different activities going on! There were fitness classes, lei making workshops, storytelling around a giant fire pit, and they were setting up for an outdoor movie night (Lady and the Tramp). Seriously, any time of day, there are roughly a zillion things you can do!
I closed out my night watching the sun set over the ocean while listening to live music, out on the pool deck. Aulani Resort is stunning in the daylight, but when night hits, it is next level gorgeous. Not. Too. Shabby.
Monday, 11 December 2017
The waiting game - dozens of schools in the midlands and west yet to decide if they'll open tomorrow
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay (AP) — A prosecutor in Uruguay is asking for formal charges against a former vice president of the South American country.
Lawmakers accepted Raul Sendic's resignation last year amid corruption accusations involving their tenure as head of state oil company ANCAP. It was the first time a vice president had stepped down in Uruguay.
Prosecutor Luis Pacheco on Monday also requested charges against eight other senior officials at ANCAP and its subsidiaries. A judge must now decide if Sendic goes to trial.
The corruption allegations surfaced after a weekly publication reported that between 2010 and 2013, Sendic used corporate credit cards to make purchases at jewelry, electronics, furniture and other stores apparently unrelated to their official business.
Advertisement
He's also accused of abuse of office over some contracts.
Sendic has repeatedly denied wrongdoing.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Consistency has been hard to come by for the Miami Marlins this season but their biggest star has been setting quite the example of late.
Giancarlo Stanton homered for the fourth straight game on Sunday while helping the Marlins sweep the visiting Colorado Rockies to climb within four games of .500.
Miami continues its homestand this week against the disappointing, last place San Francisco Giants.
While sweeps have been hard to come by for the Marlins (they have just three this season), Miami did take three straight from the Giants while visiting San Francisco last month.
It certainly helps the Marlins cause that Stanton is on the kind of streak rarely seen around baseball, even for the games the best players.
Back on July 4th the Marlins completed their 82nd game and Stanton had 21 home runs on the season.
In the 34 games since then, Stanton has doubled their homer total and now leads the majors with 42.
It's been an amazing place for the slugger to sustain, even more so considering that he's altered their batting stance and never skipped a beat. They moved their left leg closer to home plate, closing their stance a bit more.
The Marlins will need Stanton to continue mashing baseballs on a regular basis if they are going to make a final push towards a playoff spot.
A Wild Card spot seems the only realistic goal the Marlins can obtain, and even that will be a stretch.
Miami trails Arizona, who holds the second Wild Card spot, by 8 ½ games.
The other path to the playoffs is winning the division, but the Nationals are a whopping 14 games ahead of the second place Marlins.
GAME INFO: First pitch 7:10 PM, Marlins Park
PITCHING MATCHUP: Giants LHP Ty Blach (8-7, 4.15 ERA) vs. Marlins LHP Adam Conley (4-5, 5.43)
Blach has been able to eat up a lot of innings for the Giants of late, logging at least seven frames in each of their last five starts.
They have won two straight outings, both a home, while giving up just two runs in each of the victories.
Pitching away from San Francisco has been a bit of a struggle for Blach. They have a 5.06 ERA in 48 road innings pitched while allowing six home runs.
Conley has lost two straight starts, both on the road to divisional opponents. Prior to that, they had tossed three consecutive quality starts after being recalled from Triple-A New Orleans.
They were roughed up last week against the Nationals, giving up a season-high 11 hits and 5 runs.
Conley has only faced the Giants once, earning a no-decision while surrendering four runs in 5 2/3 innings last April.
ROUNDING THE BASES
May 2 Etsy Inc, an e-commerce site for handmade goods, said on Tuesday that Chairman and Chief Executive Chad Dickerson would step down, to be succeeded as CEO by board member Josh Silverman later this week.
The marketplace also reported a first-quarter loss of $421,000 after earning $1.2 million a year ago. One of its shareholders, Black-and-White Capital LP, earlier on Tuesday called on Etsy to explore a sale and separate the roles of chairperson and CEO.
Fred Wilson, a director on Etsy's board since 2007, will take over the chairpersonship, the company said. (Reporting By Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Dan Grebler)
UNDATED -- Scattered severe thunderstorms are expected today with the best chances being in the afternoon & evening.
Please stay weather aware!
National Weather Service
Today will be hot & humid with heat indices rising into the 90s and low 100s.
As noted, Eric Arndt, a.k.a. Enzo Amore, who was released by WWE in January after being accused of rape, removed all their postings from their Instagram account last week. As seen below, on Monday, Arndt posted a new image that has their Jordans hanging from a phone line with the message, "I T ' S * B E E N * R E A L"
They also included the same image in their Instagram story with a WWE tag on it.
See Also Enzo Amore's Accuser Confirms Controversial Text Exchange After Alleged Rape
Arndt has been relatively quiet since being accused of rape in January by Philomena Sheahan. Their only public statement regarding the accusations was on January 23rd via their attorney:
Over the last two days, Philomena Sheahan has made multiple public accusations against Eric Arndt (also known as Enzo Amore with the WWE), including allegations of sexual misconduct concerning an October 2017 incident in Phoenix. Mr. Arndt fully and unequivocally denies those accusations.  They are cooperating with the authorities in this matter and looks forward to having it resolved in a timely manner. Neither Mr. Arndt nor their counsel will be making any further public comments on this matter.
A former friend of Sheahan's, Sam Cook, shared a group text exchange from the night of the alleged rape incident where they confirmed having sex with Arndt, but seemed to suggest that it was consensual. Sheahan responded by stating that those texts where "completely out of context." They have since deleted their Twitter account.
Jo Jo and Stephen McRobert contributed to this article.
FILE PHOTO: Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso speaks at Columbia Business School in New York City, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
TOKYO Japan and China will hold a bilateral finance dialogue on May 6 on the sidelines of the annual gathering of the Asian Development Bank in Yokohama, south of Tokyo, Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Friday.
The dialogue will be attended by senior finance ministry and central bank officials from both countries, Aso told reporters after a cabinet meeting.
"We will discuss a wide range of issues including the economic and financial situations of Japan and China, and economic policies. We want to strengthen coordination between the finance authorities of both countries," they added.
(Reporting by Tetsushi Kajimoto; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
ConverterVid is offering the most effective, user-friendly and genuinely comprehensive YouTube to MP3 converter out there.
YouTube is without a doubt an incredible social platform that allows people from all over the world to really enjoy all sorts of videos of all kinds of genres. One way or the other, it is very easy to find any kind of clip – music, film, podcast – you just name it. And, of course, at times, we are eager to keep the music from YouTube videos, but it cannot be found anywhere else on the net. And does that necessarily imply that there is no other option out there?
Of course, it does not – you are going to be able to use different software solutions in order to convert the necessary YouTube videos into audio. And while there are plenty of different converters that are quite readily available on the net, odds are, you are going to be off searching for the ideal option and the perfect combination of top quality and affordable prices. ConverterVid is a one of a kind YouTube MP3 converter that does come with plenty of different features that will easily satisfy even the most refined needs and requirements. Unlike the vast majority of different similar solutions, the given YouTube converter is offering the fastest way to make the most from your YouTube videos and will convert them to the MO3 format within the very least amount of time possible. Hence, no matter how lengthy the video may be, regardless of what kind of quality you need from your MP3 files, do not hesitate to check out the above-mentioned option and you will definitely keep on coming back for more. The key here is just how easy it is to control the converter and how quickly it offers results.
Unlike many other converters that come with some hidden fees or perhaps some underwater stones that will hinder you from the experience, this converter will prove to be totally invaluable to you and your needs and within the very least amount of time possible. Hence, if you are genuinely eager to get that YouTube video into the MP3 format, this is the option that you should consider first.
About ConverterVid:
ConverterVid is a one of a kind online converter that will allow you to easily convert YouTube videos into the actual MP3 files that you will be able to listen to anywhere.
Contact:
Company Name: ConverterVid
Address: 474 Linden Bates
Email: agsantos6@yopmail.com
Phone: +1(757)-9447798
Website: https://convertervid.com/
BAMAKO Malian authorities have charged four people with kidnapping over the abduction of a Colombian nun, a prosecutor said on Wednesday.
Gloria Cecilia Argoti was seized by armed men on Feb. 7 from the southern region of Karangasso where they had been working in a health centre, about 300 km (186 miles) east of the capital Bamako. They have not been seen since.
"I confirm the indictment of four people on the grounds of kidnapping the Colombian Gloria Cecilia," Boubacar Sidiki Samake, an anti-terrorism prosecutor, told Reuters.
Samake declined to provide details about those arrested but a security source, who declined to be named, said they are connected to the Catholic parish from which Argoti was abducted.
Investigators have previously said they suspect Islamist militants could be responsible.
Kidnapping has become a lucrative source of cash for groups like Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and al Mourabitoun. The latter is suspected of kidnapping a French-Swiss aid worker from the northern city of Gao in December.
Islamist militants, who seized northern Mali in 2012 before being driven back by French forces the following year, have regrouped and are increasingly conducting raids in southern and central Mali, areas previously deemed safe.
Human Rights Watch said in a statement on Wednesday that a wave of killings in Mali by Islamist groups, self-defence militias and government soldiers have resulted in at least 52 deaths since January.
(Reporting By Tiemoko Diallo; Writing by Aaron Ross; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — The 13 candidates running for governor who gathered at a forum this past week agree there is a need for more long-term care options for mentally ill Iowans.
Three of the candidates support reopening the state-run Mental Health Institutes in Clarinda and Mount Pleasant. Nearly all agree the insurance companies managing care for Medicaid patients have created “chaos” for those dealing with a mental illness.
“The governor needs to admit failure,” said John Norris, one of the seven Democratic candidates at the event. “That's a part of being a leader.”
Republican Governor Kim Reynolds was not at the event, but recorded a brief video message that was played for the crowd on the Des Moines University campus.
“Today, Iowa's mental health system is serving more Iowans in more modern ways, with better services in more local home and community settings than ever before,” Reynolds said.
Former Iowa Democratic Party chairperson Andy McGuire, a doctor who's running for governor, scoffed.
“I don't know what state she's living in, but it's not the state I'm living in,” McGuire said.
Nate Boulton, a state senator from Des Moines who's also seeking the Democratic nomination for governor, said: “We have a serious mental health crisis in this state and we need to have serious conversations about answers.”
Boulton would reopen the state Mental Health Institutes. Fred Hubbell, another Democratic competitor in the 2018 gubernatorial contest, argued the emphasis should be on boosting community-level services.
“Mental health shows up differently in every family, in every neighborhood, in every community,” Hubbell said.
Brent Roske, an independent candidate for governor, and Democrat Cathy Glasson of Coralville both said it's time for a single-payer health care system that will cover treatment for mental illness.
“We need to look at this as something that we expect, just like police, fire, K-12,” Roske said. “It's a benefit of citizenship and it has to be addressed now.”
The forum opened with a moment of silence to recognize Iowans who are struggling with mental illness and addictions. Jake Porter of Council Bluffs, a Libertarian running for governor, told the crowd that “years ago” they contemplated suicide.
“None of this is going to change until we address the stigma behind addressing mental health,” Porter said.
More than 400 people attended the forum on Tuesday night. It was organized by The Des Moines Register and hosted by Des Moines University and the Iowa Hospital Association. Republican gubernatorial candidates Ron Corbett and Steven Ray, Democratic candidates Jon Neiderbach and Ross Wilburn and Libertarian candidate Marco Battaglia.
Cedcommerce booking and reservation extension provide the turnkey booking solution that caters all the business types - Hotels, Rentals, Event Organization etc.
Contact
Cedcommerce Inc,
8888820953
marketing@cedcommerce.com Cedcommerce Inc,8888820953
End
-- Cedcommerce on Wednesday released its Online Booking and Reservation extension for Magento 1.0 and 2.0 users. The company after due deliberations and rigorous testing released the product, which is a highly sought after software given the increased in numbers of event goers." said, one developer who worked on the product.The Online booking and Reservation System is great solution for the booking industry whose success depends upon the most effective utilization of their resources. The extension can be used by businesses of diverse types Hotels, Rentals, Event Organization, Cinemas, Bars, Clubs, Restaurants, Cab Service etc. And even individuals – Doctor, Massage Therapist, Dentist, Aesthetician, Hairdresser, Lawyers, Stylist, Chef, Dance Instructors etc. - also can use this extension to effectively utilize their time and resources.Also, the Online Booking and reservation System is Mobile ready, SEO friendly and extremely customizable. It is compatible with all the Magento supported payment gateways and has smart search and advance filter options to help reach customers to their desired results immediately.The extension can be purchased from Cedcommerce website. To know more about the Online Booking and Reservation System extension and purchasing it, visit us: www.cedcommerce.com/booking-and-reservation-system/ ( http://cedcommerce.com/ booking-and- reservation- system/ Also, The Online Booking and Reservation MARKETPLACE system will be released soon
FILE PHOTO The logo of Toshiba is seen as shareholders arrive at Toshiba's extraordinary shareholders meeting in Chiba, Japan, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Toshiba Corp (6502.T) filed twice-delayed business results on Tuesday without an endorsement from its auditor and warned its very survival was in doubt, deepening a prolonged crisis at the Japanese conglomerate.(For a graphic on Toshiba businesses click tmsnrt.rs/2jH8Baw)
"There are material events and conditions that raise substantial doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern," Toshiba said in announcing bigger than previously estimated losses for the nine months through December.
The filing carried a disclaimer from auditor PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Aarata LLC that it was unable to form an opinion of the results, increasing the likelihood that shares in the nuclear-to-TVs company will be delisted from the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE).
The move is a first for a major Tokyo-based firm, and puts the stock exchange centre-stage as it weighs the pros and cons of forcing Toshiba to delist.
Toshiba Chief Executive Satoshi Tsunakawa expressed regret that the auditor could not form an opinion, and said Toshiba pressed ahead with submitting its results rather than seek an unprecedented third delay.
"The decision on any delisting is for the stock exchange to make," they told a news conference in Tokyo, the latest in a string of briefings that have opened with apologies to shareholders. "We will do our utmost to avoid it."
Failing to act tough with Toshiba would bring into question authorities' credibility in maintaining standards for investors, but a delisting would complicate the crisis at Toshiba, increasing its financing costs and exposing it to further lawsuits from angry shareholders.
Accountants have been questioning the numbers at U.S. nuclear subsidiary Westinghouse Electric Co, where massive cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the Southeastern United States have forced its Japanese parent to estimate a $9 billion annual net loss and take drastic measures.
PwC is questioning not only recent results, but also probing the books at Westinghouse for the business year through March 2016, sources have said, declining to be identified as they were not authorised to speak on the matter publicly.
The decision on whether or not to delist Toshiba now rests with the TSE. Toshiba has been on its supervision list since mid-March after failing to clear up concerns about its internal controls a year and a half after a 2015 accounting scandal.
There are no set rules governing how long the bourse should take to come to a conclusion.
Toshiba has put up its prized memory chip unit and other assets for sale, and Westinghouse has filed for Chapter 11 protection from creditors.
Toshiba also said on Tuesday it was considering an initial public offering or sale of smart metre group Landis+Gyr. Reuters last month reported that Toshiba was preparing a potential $2 billion (£1.60 billion) divestment of the Swiss-based business.
FOXCONN CHIPS BID?
Separately, Taiwan's Foxconn has offered up to 3 trillion yen (21.71 billion pounds) for Toshiba's chip business, nearly $10 billion higher than Toshiba's own estimate, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
Such a proposal by Foxconn would also put Japanese regulators in a tough position as they have vowed to vet bidders to block a sale to investors it deems a risk to national security. Foxconn is considered such a risk because of its close ties to China.
Japan's trade minister Hiroshige Seko repeated on Tuesday that Toshiba's chip technology was important, not only for Japan's growth strategy, but also in terms of jobs and information security.
"For those reasons, we continue to carefully monitor Toshiba's business conditions and the sale of its chip business," they said.
Toshiba declined to comment on its chips business. Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry (2317.TW), also declined to comment.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Taiga Uranaka, with additonal reporting by Kentaro Hamada, Taro Fuse, Tim Kelly, Takahiko Wada, Ami Miyazaki and Emi Emoto; Editing by William Mallard and Ian Geoghegan)
The World Health Organization (WHO) logo is pictured at the entrance of its headquarters in Geneva, January 25, 2015. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy
LONDON Depression is now the leading cause of ill health and disability worldwide, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Thursday, with more than 300 million people suffering.
Rates of depression have risen by more than 18 percent since 2005, but a lack of support for the mental health combined with a common fear of stigma means many do not get the treatment they need to live healthy, productive lives.
"These new figures are a wake-up call for all countries to re-think their approaches to mental health and to treat it with the urgency it deserves," Margaret Chan, the WHO's director-general, said in a statement from the U.N. agency's Geneva headquarters.
The WHO is running a mental health campaign to tackle stigma and misconceptions called "Depression: Let's Talk".
"For someone living with depression, talking to a person they trust is often the first step toward treatment and recovery," said Shekhar Saxena, director of the WHO's mental health department.
Depression is a common mental illness characterized by persistent sadness and a loss of interest and lack of ability in everyday activities and work. It affects around 322 million people worldwide.
Depression also increases the risk of several major diseases and disorders including addiction, suicidal behavior, diabetes and heart disease, which are themselves among the world's biggest killers
WHO expressed concern that in many countries there is little or no support for people with mental health disorders, and said only around half of people with depression get treatment in wealthier nations.
On average just 3 percent of government health budgets is spent on mental health, varying from less than 1 percent in poor countries to 5 percent in rich ones, according to the WHO.
"A better understanding of depression and how it can be treated ... is just the beginning," said Saxena. "What needs to follow is sustained scale-up of mental health services accessible to everyone, even the most remote populations."
(Editing by Julia Glover)
April 2China Galaxy Securities Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 1.55 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
* It will pay A share shareholder in RMB and H share shareholders in HK dollar
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/FFTCq7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LAFAYETTE, La., Feb. 01, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
PetroQuest Energy, Inc. (NYSE:PQ) today announced the sale of its Gulf of Mexico properties (the “Sold Assets”) on January 31, 2018, but effective as of December 1, 2017. As a result of the sale, the Company has eliminated an approximate $35.4 million undiscounted abandonment liability from its long-term obligations. The Company received no proceeds from the sale of these properties and is required to contribute $3.75 million towards future abandonment costs. In connection with the sale, the Company expects to receive a cash refund of approximately $10.3 million related to a depositary account that served to collateralize a portion of the Company's offshore bonds. All of the Company's production is now derived from assets located onshore Louisiana and Texas.
During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Sold Assets produced approximately 26.1 MMcfe/d (21% oil, 75% gas, 4% NGL). Production from the Sold Assets has declined over the last 60 days as a result of natural declines. The Company estimates net daily production for January 2018 to be approximately 13.8 MMcfe/d (24% oil, 71% gas and 5% NGL), or 47% below the fourth quarter 2017 rate.
As of December 31, 2017, the Company's estimated proved reserves attributable to the Sold Assets totaled approximately 11 Bcfe (100% proved developed) with estimated pre-tax discounted future net cash flows (PV-10) of approximately ($2.4) million, using SEC pricing ($2.98/Mcf for natural gas and $51.34/Bbl for oil).
The following tables set forth information about the Company's estimated proved reserves, including proforma for the divestiture of the Sold Assets:
2017 Estimated Proved Reserves
Category 2017 2016 % Change Proved Reserves (BCFE) 156 115 36 % PV-10 ($MM)* 127 67 90 %
*Excludes value of hedges in place
2017 Estimated Proved Reserves – Proforma GOM Sale
Category 2017 2017 PF - GOM Sale PDP (Bcfe) 68 63 PDNP (Bcfe) 8 2 PUD (Bcfe) 80 80 Total Proved Reserves (Bcfe) 156 145 Natural Gas 80% 81% Oil 7% 6% NGL 13% 13% PV-10 ($MM)* 127 130
*Excludes value of hedges in place
Including the Sold Assets, the Company estimates that its 2017 production was approximately 27.6 Bcfe, or 75.6 MMcfe per day. Estimated fourth quarter 2017 production, including the Sold Assets, totaled approximately 8.6 Bcfe, or 93.7 MMcfe per day, compared to guidance of 91-95 MMcfe/d. Estimated production for 2017 was 17% higher than 2016 and estimated fourth quarter 2017 production was 87% higher than the year-ago quarter.
Based upon estimated 2017 production, the Company estimates that it achieved a 247% reserve replacement ratio during 2017 and expects that its all-in finding and development costs during 2017 to be approximately $0.70/Mcfe.
The Company expects to provide first quarter 2018 guidance metrics and 2018 capital expenditure guidance and plans in connection with its 2017 year-end earnings release in early March 2018.
Management's Comment
“After completing the sale of our Gulf of Mexico properties, we have eliminated a considerable long-term abandonment liability and have substantially reduced our exposure to future regulatory, environmental, surety and weather risks inherent in offshore operations. In addition, the sale will increase our net liquidity by $6.5 million and allow us to focus our attention on developing our onshore assets in East Texas and in the Louisiana Austin Chalk trend,” said Charles T. Goodson, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. “While our production and reserve profiles will experience near-term reductions after this divestiture, we believe that this transaction will ultimately drive value creation.”
Non-GAAP Financial Measure
PV-10 is the estimated future net cash flows from estimated proved reserves discounted at an annual rate of 10% before giving effect to income taxes. Standardized measure is the after-tax estimated future net cash flows from estimated proved reserves discounted at an annual rate of 10%, determined in accordance with GAAP. Management believes PV-10 is useful to investors as it is based on prices, costs and discount factors which are consistent from company to company, while the standardized measure is dependent on the unique tax situation of each individual company. As a result, the Company believes that investors can use PV-10 as a basis for comparison of the relative size and value of the Company's reserves to other companies. The Company also understands that securities analysts and rating agencies use PV-10 in similar ways. PV-10 cannot be currently reconciled to the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows because final income tax information for 2017 is not yet available. The Company will provide the reconciliation of SEC priced, proved PV-10 to standardized measure in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements are based upon assumptions and anticipated results that are subject to numerous uncertainties and risks. Actual results may vary significantly from those anticipated due to many factors, including the volatility of oil and natural gas prices and significantly depressed oil prices since the end of 2014; our indebtedness and the significant amount of cash required to service our indebtedness; our estimate of the sufficiency of our existing capital sources, including availability under our multi-draw term loan facility; our ability to fund and execute our Cotton Valley and Austin Chalk development programs as planned; our ability to increase recoveries in the Austin Chalk formation and to increase our overall oil production as planned; our estimates with respect to fracked Austin Chalk wells in Louisiana, including production EURs and costs; our estimates with respect to production, reserve replacement ratio and finding and development costs; our receipt of a cash refund with respect to our offshore bonds and the timing and amount of the same; our ability to hedge future production to reduce our exposure to price volatility in the current commodity pricing market; our ability to find, develop and produce oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable and to replace reserves and sustain and/or increase production; ceiling test write-downs resulting, and that could result in the future, from lower oil and natural gas prices; our ability to raise additional capital to fund cash requirements for future operations; limits on our growth and our ability to finance our operations, fund our capital needs and respond to changing conditions imposed by our multi-draw term loan facility and restrictive debt covenants; less than 25% of our production being exposed to the additional risk of severe weather, including hurricanes, tropical storms and flooding, and natural disasters; losses and liabilities from uninsured or underinsured drilling and operating activities; changes in laws and governmental regulations as they relate to our operations; the operating hazards attendant to the oil and gas business; the volatility of our stock price; and our ability to meet the continued listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange with respect to our common stock or to cure any deficiency with respect thereto. In particular, careful consideration should be given to cautionary statements made in the various reports the Company has filed with the SEC. The Company undertakes no duty to update or revise these forward-looking statements.
For further information, contact:
Matt Quantz, Manager - Corporate Communications
(337) 232-7028, www.petroquest.com
Read source: http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/02/01/1330463/0/en/PetroQuest-Energy-Announces-Sale-of-Gulf-of-Mexico-Assets-2017-Estimated-Proved-Oil-and-Gas-Reserves-and-Production.html?f=22&fvtc=5&fvtv=32646628
WELLINGTON The flyhalf son of British and Irish Lions coach Warren Gatland has been included in the core squad for the New Zealand Barbarians side to face the tourists in their opening match in June.
Bryn Gatland, who was recently called into the Auckland Blues squad but has yet to make their Super Rugby debut, was among 19 players selected from 15 of New Zealand's provincial unions for the June 3 tour opener in Whangarei.
There are no All Blacks in the squad but five of the players have Super Rugby experience and 13 have played for New Zealand schoolboys, under-20 or Maori sides.
"It was important to us in selecting this team that it was truly representative of New Zealand," said coach Clayton McMillan.
"It wasn't an easy task, the amount of talent considered is testament to how strong New Zealand rugby is now. We believe we have found a mix of upcoming players and hardened provincial stalwarts to make an exciting team.
"We have picked the base of a team that is capable of playing an entertaining brand of rugby which fits with the BaaBaas tradition of innovation and flair and playing with pure guts and heart."
More players will be added to the squad, which will be captained by Wanganui's veteran loose forward Peter Rowe, at a later date.
Gatland junior earned their place in the squad on the back of their performances for North Harbour in the National Provincial Championships.
The 21-year-old was named on the bench for the Super Rugby match against the Otago Highlanders last weekend but failed to get on the pitch.
The Barbarians clash should be the easiest of the 10 the Lions play in New Zealand in June and July with three tests and matches against all five Super Rugby franchises as well as the Maori All Blacks to follow.
New Zealand Barbarians core squad:
Forwards - Aiden Ross (Bay of Plenty), Tolu Fahamokioa (Wellington), Sam Anderson-Heather (Otago), Epalahame Faiva (Waikato), Marcel Renata (Auckland), Quinten Strange (Tasman)Joshua Goodhue (Northland), Heiden Bedwell-Curtis (Manawatu), Mitchell Brown (Taranaki), Matthew Matich (Northland), Peter Rowe (Wanganui)Backs - Jonathan Taumateine (Counties Manukau), Jack Stratton (Canterbury), Bryn Gatland (North Harbour), Jonathan Fa'auli (Taranaki), Jonah Lowe (Hawke's Bay), Sevuloni Reece (Waikato), Luteru Laulala (Counties Manukau)Junior Ngaluafe (Southland)
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Andrew Both)
April 28 Exxon Mobil Corp
* Says expects to spud first well on newly-aquired Permian basin acreage 'shortly'
* Says it is current high bidder on 19 blocks in U.S. Gulf Of Mexico
* Says it expects global liquefied natural gas demand will grow 250 percent by 2040
* Says remains in full compliance with sanctions on Russia
* Says underlying oil demand growth has been strong
* Says still expects 2017 capital budget of $22 billion
* Says liza 4 well in Guyana still being drilled, expects final investment decision on project by mid-year
* Says recent dividend increase reflects board's confidence in efficiency of integrated business model Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Ernest Scheyder)
School Daze with the Dayton Gay Men's Chorus at Victoria
The Dayton Gay Men's Chorus under the direction of Artistic Director Kathy Clark.
By Dana Walczak
For the past 16 years, the Dayton Gay Men's Chorus (DGMC) has been continually trying to bring joy to the Dayton community through song. Founded in 2003 by current treasurer Fred Poland, the chorus has been on a mission to increase awareness and community support for the LGBTQ community in the area—but especially, area youth who may not have the support systems that they need.
“Our mission,” says Drew Huggins, President of the Board of Directors, “is to inspire, encourage, and sustain excellence in the Choral Arts and to achieve a gay affirming presence in the Greater Miami Valley.”
Starting as an off-shoot of the Cincinnati Gay Men's Chorus, the DGMC began with just 15 members and has grown to close to 40 members, a number which they hope to increase. The 501(c)(3) non-profit (which, just so you know, means all donations are tax-deductible), has helped to raise funds and awareness for a variety of Daytonians. They do that, in part, by having two concerts per season—they are working on expanding to a third concert, as well as a fundraiser.
This year's theme is School Daze, and has included their Annual Christmas Concert dubbed the Holiday Cotillion, their fundraiser gala was a prom event and next up, “Graduation, Becoming Oneself.” A time of transition that almost everyone can relate to.
“Our ticket sales for events at the Victoria Theater are usually around 600, but we have gone to 900-950 tickets sold for events,” Huggins says. “We have a good following and a great audience.”
And perfectly timed, as graduation will take place during Dayton's Pride Week. Performing at the Victoria Theatre on June 2nd, the concert will feature arrangements that include top 40 hits like Kelly Clarkson's “Stronger,” to classics like
“It's Raining Men.”
But this year, Graduation will showcase something truly special—original works by
local residents.
DGMC held a competition for Dayton area youth between the ages of 14 and 24 to submit poems and essays on what it means to them to grow up as an LGBTQ youth in 2018. Three finalists have been selected by a panel, and Artistic Director Kathy Clark took their lyrics and made them into songs to be performed by the choir.
“With the support of the Ohio Arts Council,” Huggins says, “I was able to write a grant to mirror our School Daze [theme], because we really wanted to reach out to
LQBTQ youth.”
“So, since the average age of a gay chorus skews a little older, we are lucky that we have a handful of millennials and even zennials in our chorus now. So I started thinking, with this theme, I'd love to figure out a way to reach out to the youth.”
Of these three finalists, each will win a commission. The first place finalist will receive $1,000, 2nd place will be awarded $750, and third will receive $500.
The concept for the grant, they said, was under the idea of the event theme,
“Becoming Oneself.”
“The theme we encouraged them to write about is what it is like to be LGBTQ in America today,” Huggins says.
What they got back, they say, was very interesting, partially because they simply grew up in a different generation. They were expecting angsty submissions, submissions expressing despair and hardships, but while there were hardships, the majority of submissions were those of hope and understanding.
“And that was very inspiring, we got mostly positive soul-searching results,” they say.
According to Ms. Clark, the lyrics that they were presented with spoke to them in such a way that it was easy to transcribe them to music.
One of the final songs selected for the competition is entitled “New Day” and has been transcribed into a gospel song, where “Little One” is more of a lullaby, and the final contestant's song has been turned into a ballad entitled “Closeted Love.” Each of these, according to Huggins and Clark, has a different and distinct message which they believe come together nicely to express the breadth of emotions that one might encounter at different points during their journeys to find themselves.
“The songs are beautiful, and the words are amazing, so we are really excited to share these with the community at large,” they say. “These young people who have this talent—this talent for poetry and this positivity, mean a lot. And to be able to give them this commission so that they can carry on and continue doing things that feed their souls
is exciting.”
“Graduation, Becoming Oneself” happens June 2 at 8 p.m. at the Victoria Theatre, 138 N. Main St. Visit ticketcenterstage.com or phone 937-228-3630 for tickets.
For information on other performances, supporting or joining the chorus, visit www.daytongaymenschorus.org
Phil Ellsworth / ESPN Images(RALEIGH, N.C.) — Mark Gottfried's time as the head coach for North Carolina State University's men's basketball team appears to be in jeopardy.
Sources tell ESPN Gottfried's job likely depends on how the Wolfpack performs in the coming weeks.
“He could be gone this week, if they get pounded by North Carolina tomorrow night,” one source told ESPN Tuesday night.
Gottfried has been with NC State since April 2011. Under their leadership, the Wolfpack has appeared in the NCAA tournament four times.
So far this season, NC State is 14-12 and ranks 13th in the ACC with a 3-10 record in the conference.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Confused ahead of Avengers: Infinity War? We have the perfect recap for you
With the biggest movie of the year due for release in less that two days, we feel like you need to prepare yourself for what is to come.
Avengers: Infinity War is what Marvel has been building up to for over a decade.
18 movies in 10 years, featuring five Infinity Stones and countless superheroes, we wouldn't blame anyone who is a just a little confused at this stage.
Luckily, the folks over at Screen Junkies are here for us and have created this hand 17-minute recap of all of the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies to date.
Yes, even the Incredible Hulk gets a mention.
So, just to summarise where we are in terms of Infinity Stones and who has them.
Space Stone:
Possibly onboard Thor's ship in the hands of Loki who may have just run into Thanos on the way to Earth.
Power Stone: Is “safe” on Xandar with the Nova Corps
Reality Stone: Last seen with The Collector (Benicio Del Toro) on Nowhere.
Mind Stone: Embedded, quite appropriately, in Vision's (Paul Bettany) head.
Time Stone: Around the neck of Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) in the amulet known as the Eye of Agamotto
Soul Stone: Not a clue, but we're guessing we won't have to wait long for it to appear.
The first reactions to the blockbuster have already come in and we will post a few of those below.
Before you decide if you want to read them (no spoilers obv) why not have a watch of the trailer to get you in the mood.
So, you want to read them?
Ok, here goes.
Wow! Marvel dropped all the rules, fists out and what a tornado!! #AvengersInfinityWar was a blast and Thanos just dethroned Killmonger as the champion of villains. — Kristian Harloff (@KristianHarloff) April 24, 2018
#AvengersInfinityWar is my second fave @Marvel movie after #BlackPanther. The superhero interplay is hilarious and surprising at every turn. The action is monumental. And there are actual stakes this time around. Kevin Feige is not f-cking around with this one. — Nigel M. Smith (@nigelmfs) April 24, 2018
After 10 years of investment in this series & these characters, boy does #AvengersInfinityWar knock you on your ass. Humor, sky high stakes & a truly overwhelming amount of emotion in it. Russos did a great job spreading screen time for the ensemble but my MVPs – The Guardians. — Perri Nemiroff (@PNemiroff) April 24, 2018
Jaw on ground. You are not ready for ‘Avengers: Infinity War'. All you have to know is AVOID ALL SPOILERS! Seriously. Go in knowing as little as possible. The @Russo_Brothers did the impossible. Wow. pic.twitter.com/noKZ5cQWdc — Steven Weintraub (@colliderfrosty) April 24, 2018
AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR is very weighty and juggles most of its characters with consideration. It's the closest thing to a Paul Thomas Anderson movie you'll find in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. I Am Shook! #Marvel #AvengersInfinityWar pic.twitter.com/YgntkXFIkv — Rudie Obias (@RudieObias) April 24, 2018
Avengers: Infinity War is in cinemas April 26.
Share it:
Don't Miss
WASHINGTON (AP) — Every morning, 92-year-old Sidney Kramer wraps a blood pressure cuff around their arm and steps on a scale, and readings of their heart health beam to a team of nurses — and to their daughter's smartphone — miles from their Maryland home.
Red flags? A nurse immediately calls, a form of telemedicine that is helping Kramer live independently by keeping their congestive heart failure under tight control.
"It's reassuring both psychologically and physically. The way he's put it to me, it's like having a doctor appointment every morning," said Miriam Dubin, Kramer's daughter.
The vast majority of older Americans and their caregivers are ready to give virtual health care a try: Nearly 9 in 10 adults age 40 and over would be comfortable using at least one type of telemedicine for themselves or an aging loved one, says a new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
Advertisement
But they want to make sure that an e-visit or other remote care is just as good as they'd get in person, and that their health information stays private, according to the survey released Thursday.
Long considered an option mainly for improving access to health care in rural areas with few doctors, telemedicine is gaining ground with tech-savvy younger consumers — they text their physician with questions or Skype with a mild complaint. For seniors with chronic illnesses or mobility problems that make simply reaching a doctor's office an ordeal, telehealth could be more than a convenience. The graying population is raising serious questions about how the nation will provide enough quality long-term care.
But while private insurance often covers a video visit or other digital health care, seniors have had a harder time because Medicare tightly restricts what it will pay for.
That's starting to change, with a law Congress passed last winter that expands Medicare coverage for such options as video visits to diagnose stroke symptoms or check on home dialysis patients. Also, Medicare Advantage programs used by a third of beneficiaries can start offering additional telehealth options.
"While the interest is huge, one of the big barriers remains reimbursement," said Johns Hopkins University telemedicine chief Dr. Ingrid Zimmer-Galler, who has turned to grants to help fund such services as telepsychiatry for dementia patients. The new law "is really a huge step in the right direction. It certainly doesn't cover everything."
Costs are a major issue for people who need ongoing living assistance. Less than a third of adults age 40 and over have set aside any money for their future long term care needs, the AP-NORC survey shows, and more than half mistakenly think they'll be able to rely on Medicare to help cover nursing care or home health aides.
Telemedicine will have to replace in-person care, not add to it, to help with those costs, cautioned Zimmer-Galler.
As access for seniors promises to grow, the AP-NORC Center poll shows widespread interest in telehealth. More than half of adults of all ages would be comfortable with a video visit via Skype or FaceTime to discuss medications, for ongoing care of a chronic illness or even for an urgent health concern.
In fact, adults 40 and older are just as open to at least some forms of telemedicine as those under 40, with one exception: The older crowd is slightly less comfortable discussing health care by text.
Among caregivers, 87 percent say they'd be interested in using at least one form of telemedicine for that person's medical needs.
"I think the parents would be happier at home instead of being in the doctor's office waiting an hour to see a doctor for 15 minutes," said Don Withey of Courtland, New York, who helps their 92-year-old father and 89-year-old mother get to their appointments. But, "we don't know much more about it other than the fact you can talk to a doctor over the computer or smartphone."
Just 12 percent of adults say they wouldn't use any form of telemedicine.
There are concerns. More than 30 percent of people worry about privacy or the security or health information. About half fear that telemedicine could lead to lower-quality care, the poll found.
"It's not about having a video screen or Skype in the home or even a blood pressure cuff in the home. It's about the team that's behind it and the clinicians who are supporting the care of that patient," said Rachel DeSantis, chief of staff at Johns Hopkins Home Care Group, which provides the 92-year-old Kramer's remote monitoring.
The Hopkins program provides no-cost monitoring for a month or two to select high-risk patients after a hospitalization because research found it reduces their chances of readmission.
When the monitor recorded Kramer's weight creeping up one week, nurses immediately knew it was a fluid build-up, a heart failure symptom that needed quick treatment. The machine is programmed for some educational feedback, too.
Dubin says their dad learned quickly when to cut back. "If they enjoy a pastrami sandwich one day, they can see their numbers may be higher the next day."
Dubin says the reassurance was worth privately paying, about $250 a month, to keep the monitoring once Kramer's initial time in the program ended.
___
The survey was conducted March 13 to April 5 by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, with funding from the SCAN Foundation.
It involved interviews in English and Spanish with 1,945 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. Results from the full survey have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.3 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC long term care polls: http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/
(Reuters Health) – Diabetes can lead to blindness, but children and teens with diabetes may not receive recommended eye exams in the years following their diagnosis, a U.S. study suggests.
Researchers found that just 65 percent of youth with type 1 diabetes and 42 percent of those with type 2 diabetes had vision-loss screening within six years of their diabetes diagnosis.
“More youth now than ever are being diagnosed with diabetes. By 2050, the prevalence with type 1 will triple and the prevalence with type 2 will quadruple, with the greatest increase in minority populations,” said lead study author Dr. Sophia Wang of the University of Michigan Medical School in Ann Arbor.
The American Academy of Ophthalmology recommends screening for diabetic retinopathy five years after an initial diabetes diagnosis for youth with type 1 diabetes while the American Diabetes Association and the American Academy of Pediatrics recommend screening within three to five years. For kids with type 2 diabetes, screening is recommended at diagnosis.
Diabetic retinopathy is a complication of diabetes that may not have symptoms in early stages but can progress to vision loss. The damage to the retina of the eye results from damage to tiny blood vessels that affects other parts of the body as well.
About half of people with retinopathy develop diabetic macular edema, a fluid build-up in the retina, or glaucoma.
“Diabetic retinopathy is the number one cause of vision loss in ages 20-74, so screening is an important component of diabetes care,” Wang told Reuters Health by email.
To see how many kids with diabetes are getting the recommended screening, Wang and colleagues analyzed data from a national managed care network, which included more than 5,400 youth under age 21 with type 1 diabetes and 7,200 with type 2 diabetes.
Overall, researchers found that about 4,000 kids, or 31 percent, had an eye exam.
Those with type 1 diabetes were more likely to have had an eye exam compared with those who had type 2 diabetes, the study team reports in JAMA Ophthalmology . White and Asian youth were more likely to have had exams than black and Latino youth. Those with a higher household net worth were also more likely to receive an eye exam compared with those in lower-income households.
“Despite the fact that all the youth in our study possessed health insurance, we found disparities by race and family affluence, suggesting that they may be particularly at risk,” Wang said.
In the study, 11 percent of black children and teens and 18 percent of Latino youth were less likely to undergo an eye exam compared to white kids. Younger patients were also less likely to receive an exam than older ones.
“We must educate adolescents and caregivers on the importance of screening to improve care coordination between different medical specialists such as pediatricians, endocrinologists, ophthalmologists and optometrists,” said study author Dr. Joshua Stein of the University of Michigan Kellogg Eye Center in Ann Arbor.
“More research is needed on new technologies which might render ophthalmic screening more accessible, such as retinal photography performed in primary care physicians' clinics,” they told Reuters Health by email.
Diabetic retinopathy is considered the most common microvascular complication of diabetes and is projected to grow at an alarming rate, said Dr. Seema Garg of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, who wrote a commentary accompanying the study.
“Visual impairment is detrimental to patients' personal independence, economic productivity, employment and overall quality of life,” they told Reuters Health by email. “The opportunity costs of a lifetime of blindness are enormous.”
Socioeconomics, geographical barriers, delayed referrals from primary care doctors, language barriers and cultural barriers also play a part in the screening gap. Retina screening via telemedicine could help address the issue, especially for racial minorities and economically disadvantaged youth, Garg writes in the commentary.
“Telemedicine is an emerging strategy for improving screening with remote expert interpretation,” they write. “Telemedicine is effective in reaching underserved populations in remote, rural or urban settings where patients may be at risk for more advanced disease.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nAJHv1 and bit.ly/2nQkjn2 JAMA Ophthalmology, online March 23, 2017.
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Zimbabwe's new leader has publicly named more than 1,800 companies and individuals accused of illegally stashing hundreds of millions of dollars overseas and not bringing the money home under a now-expired amnesty deal.
President Emmerson Mnangagwa has vowed to fight corruption after the dramatic resignation in November of longtime leader Robert Mugabe, whose government was accused of widespread mismanagement of the once-prosperous country.
Mnangagwa in December announced the amnesty deal, which expired Friday. They now say $591 million of the $1.2 billion suspected to be illegally stashed overseas has been returned.
The president says those on the list should "take heed of the importance of good corporate governance and the legal obligations of citizenry" or face prosecution.
Advertisement
Their list shows China as the main destination for "funds externalized to foreign banks in cash or under spurious transactions."
Four Zimbabwe state-owned diamond-mining firms are among those accused of moving the most money abroad in "illicit financial flows." The four firms, which mined in fields that once courted controversy over alleged army killings of illegal artisanal miners and looting, are accused of failing to repatriate over $111 million in export proceeds.
Mugabe previously claimed the firms spirited out $15 billion from the diamond fields, where the Chinese were major players until Zimbabwe's government cancelled all licenses to make way for a state monopoly in 2016.
Also Monday, a government gazette notice said the government has repealed sections of an indigenization law that limited foreign ownership of businesses to 49 percent, though diamonds and platinum are still reserved for majority ownership by the state. The move also had been promised by the new president.
DUBAI, April 6 Dubai's Drake & Scull International (DSI) plans to begin talks with banks in May about its existing debt and seek financial backing for new projects, Chief Executive Wael Allan told Reuters on Thursday.
The builder has sent non-disclosure agreements to its lenders and will continue to do so until mid-April, Allan said in a phone interview.
DSI aims to discuss the rescheduling of payments on existing debt and to seek support for its 2017-2021 business plan, they said.
It appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers in December as a strategic and financial advisor to assist with "examining the company's capital structure and financial liabilities".
(Editing by Jason Neely)
Each year William Reed in England pick's their list of the “Top 50 Bars In The World” and this year's list includes 3 that are just a MUNI ride away.
Trick Dog took the highest position at #26 with the Mission's ABV at #46 and local favorite Tommy's placing 49th.
Here are the bar details and William Reed's comments.
Trick Dog
3010 20th St
San Francisco, CA 94110
(415) 471-2999
Great drinks are normally the preserve of small bars, but Trick Dog is that rare exception. Most nights this large neighbourhood bar is packed to its high-set rafters but still manages to compete on quality with the best of San Francisco.
ABV
3174 16th St,
San Francisco, CA 94103
(415) 400-4748
“Sit anywhere, a bartender will find you,” is the typical greeting at ABV, an understated San Fran neighbourhood cocktail bar with world-class service. The floor staff are bartenders some nights and servers others, so customers are always interacting with people who know both menu and back bar inside out. The cocktails are typically made with lesser-known, robustly flavoured spirits and modifiers. For everyone else, there's rosé on tap and Modelo in the can.
Tommy's Mexican Restaurant
5929 Geary Blvd
San Francisco, CA 94121
(415) 387-4747
Glamorous, Tommy's is not – at this 50-year-old San Francisco family restaurant-bar, drinks and hospitality trump style. The man at the helm is Julio Bermejo, winner of our Industry Icon award 2017. It's an accolade that is more than deserved – not only do they travel the world in furtherance of tequila knowledge, but Bermejo remains one of the nicest and most popular bartenders in the business. Hospitality comes from the heart, and a visit to Tommy's is like being invited into the Bermejo family home.
For the full list of great bars worldwide go to www.worlds50bestbars.com.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find them on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
April 10 Nevada Zinc Corp:
* Nevada Zinc Corporation announces public offering of units
* Nevada Zinc Corp - proposes to complete on a commercially reasonable efforts basis a public offering of units of company for gross proceeds of $2 million
* Nevada Zinc-to use proceeds of offering for exploration, development of co's lone mountain zinc project in Nevada, gold exploration projects in Yukon Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating their recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see them for FREE.
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see their A fing Tour which is back on Saturday, June 24.
It is hot on the heels of their two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue's capacity record for a comedy show, now standing at 12,231.
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away.
This tour follows their record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone.
BUY TICKETS: Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20, including booking fee. Buy in person from the box office, call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk.
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24, enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter.
Email your name and details to graham.walker@jpress.co.uk with #JPcompMF in the subject field.
Or follow @GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of their #JPcompMF tweets.
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday, June 20, 2017, 5pm. Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
April 30 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at stumps on the first day in the second Test between West Indies and Pakistan on Sunday in Bridgetown, Barbados West Indies 1st innings K. Brathwaite c S. Ahmed b Amir 9 K. Powell lbw b Amir 38 S. Hetmyer c Az. Ali b Abbas 1 S. Hope c S. Ahmed b Shah 5 R. Chase not out 131 V. Singh c Y. Khan b Abbas 3 S. Dowrich c Y. Khan b S. Khan 29 J. Holder not out 58 Extras (b-4 lb-6 w-2) 12 Total (for 6 wickets, 89 overs) 286 Fall of wickets: 1-12 K. Brathwaite,2-13 S. Hetmyer,3-37 S. Hope,4-102 K. Powell,5-107 V. Singh,6-154 S. Dowrich To bat: D. Bishoo, A. Joseph, S. Gabriel Bowling Mohammad Amir 22 - 4 - 52 - 2 Mohammad Abbas 18 - 4 - 47 - 2(w-2) Yasir Shah 25 - 2 - 83 - 1 Shadab Khan 23 - 3 - 90 - 1 Azhar Ali 1 - 0 - 4 - 0 Referees Umpire: Richard Kettleborough Umpire: Bruce Oxenford TV umpire: Richard Illingworth Match referee: Chris Broad
Todd Gurley was dominant for the Los Angeles Rams in 2017, leading the NFL in yards from scrimmage (2,093) and touchdowns (19). They did all of that despite playing just 14 games and also sitting out the fourth quarter of a few others.
Their outstanding season was enough to earn them Offensive Player of the Year honors, which should come as no surprise to anyone who watched him.
Gurley earned 37 of 50 first-place votes, winning in a near-landslide. Antonio Brown received eight first-place votes, followed by Tom Brady (4) and DeAndre Hopkins (1).
They join Marshall Faulk and Eric Dickerson as the only Rams players to win the award, both of whom are in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Additionally, Gurley became the third player in league history to reach 2,000 total yards, 10 rushing touchdowns and six receiving touchdowns. The only other players to accomplish that are Faulk and O.J. Simpson.
In total, Gurley had 1,305 rushing yards and 13 scores on the ground, ranking second and first in each category, respectively. Needless to say, they bounced back nicely from their disastrous 2016 season.
Witnesses have described terrifying scenes with people "running for their lives" after a terror-related explosion inside the New York subway system during Monday morning rush hour.
Police have named the suspect as Akayed Ullah, 27, who strapped a pipe bomb to themselves with a combination of velcro and zip ties that exploded in the Port Authority Bus Terminal station about 7.20am.
New York governor Andrew Cuomo described the explosive as a "low-tech device".
The New York Police Department confirmed Mr Ullah was in custody at Bellevue Hospital in a serious condition suffering from burns to their hands and abdomen.
BREAKING VIDEO: MOMENT OF EXPLOSION AT TIMES SQUARE SUBWAY STATION pic.twitter.com/bb6nEPwfqD — Breaking911 (@Breaking911) December 11, 2017
Local media reported that the suspect was from Bangladesh and lived in Brooklyn, having been in the US for seven years.
Advertisement
Three other people suffered "non-life-threatening" injuries including ringing in their ears consistent with being close to an explosion, the New York Fire Department confirmed. One of the injured was a Port Authority police officer.
The device went off in an underground passageway between 7th and 8th avenues on 42nd St and was captured on surveillance video.
BREAKING PHOTO: The injured Manhattan terrorist after their bomb exploded prematurely pic.twitter.com/Rzr7Uldi4n — Breaking911 (@Breaking911) December 11, 2017
New York mayor Bill de Blasio called it an "attempted terrorist attack" and said there were "no known additional incidents or activities".
"The choice of New York is always for a reason because we're a beacon to the world and we actually show we show that a society of many faiths and many backgrounds can work and we show that democracy can work" they said. "Our enemies want to undermine that."
There was heavy police presence in the area as they responded to reports of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, December 11, 2017, in New York. Photo / AP
Witness Hakeem Blay, who works for New York sightseeing bus company TopView, told news.com.au they were standing outside the station when they heard a loud "boom" and saw people running from the station.
"In the first minute or three minutes I just saw people coming out of the building, running out. I'm like what's going on?" they said.
"I felt like something is going wrong because I've never heard that explosion before."
Lots of emergency responders on 8th Ave. between 42nd and 43rd streets. pic.twitter.com/AdVuduoAoU — Niraj Chokshi (@NirajC) December 11, 2017
"I just didn't know what is going on; they were running for their lives. Very scary."
Commuter Diego Fernandez, who was caught up in the chaos, said: "There was a stampede up the stairs to get out … Everybody was scared and running and shouting."
Witness Alicja Wlodkowski, 51, told The New York Times they were in a restaurant when they saw people running.
At approximately 7:20am this morning we had a terror-related incident in NYC. NYPD Police officers responded to calls for an explosion inside the subway passageway on W. 42 Street between 7th & 8th Avenues. — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
"A woman fell, and nobody even stopped to help them because it was so crazy," they said. "Then it all slowed down. I was standing and watching and scared."
The Port Authority Bus Terminal has now reopened and trains throughout the city are back up and running, after authorities completed a sweep of the scene.
"This is New York. The reality is we are a target for many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom," Mr Cuomo said at a press conference.
"We have the Statue of Liberty in our harbour and that makes us an international target; we understand that … (but) this is New York and we call pitch together and we are a savvy people and we keep our eyes open … and we have the best law enforcement on the globe."
The large bus and train station is one of the busiest in New York and connects Manhattan to New Jersey and other states. It is located directly opposite The New York Times office and is just blocks from Times Square in the heart of Midtown.
Police closed off the busy 8th Ave surrounding the station within minutes and footage from the scene showed an orderly evacuation.
Earlier, police confirmed they were investigating an explosion of "unknown origin" in
Manhattan, and that people were being evacuated from several train lines.
"The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available," the New York Police Department tweeted.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said US President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
.@POTUS has been briefed on the explosion in New York City — Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 11, 2017
However the President's first tweet of the morning was not related to the unfolding situation in their home city, but to lambaste The New York Times for its news coverage.
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 11, 2017
"Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day — Wrong!" they wrote.
"Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the 'dumbest man on television!' Bad Reporting."
The event comes after eight people were killed and 11 injured after a 29-year-old man drove a white truck down a cycle lane into people on Halloween.
Sayfullo Saipov pleaded not guilty to murder and other criminal charges.
BEIJING (AP) — China on Sunday criticized a U.S. government report that cast Beijing as a potential nuclear adversary and called on Washington to reduce its own much larger arsenal and join in promoting regional stability.
A Defense Ministry statement said China's nuclear arsenal is the "minimum level" required for security. It pledged never to be the first to use nuclear weapons "under any circumstances."
The sweeping U.S. nuclear strategy review issued Friday said Washington wants to prevent Beijing from mistakenly concluding that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is acceptable.
"The Chinese side expresses firm opposition" to the report, said a ministry spokesperson, Ren Guoqiang.
Advertisement
"We hope the U.S. will abandon a Cold War mentality and earnestly shoulder its special and prior responsibility for its own nuclear disarmament," said Ren.
The ruling Communist Party's military wing, the People's Liberation Army, has the world's fifth-largest nuclear arsenal, with 300 warheads, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. The United States and Russia each have about 7,000 warheads, or about 20 times as many as Beijing.
Beijing has rattled Japan, South Korea and Southeast Asian governments with increasingly assertive gestures and belligerent comments aimed at enforcing its claims to disputed islands and swathes of ocean.
In December, China sent bombers and fighter planes to fly around Taiwan, the self-ruled island the communist mainland claims as its territory. The warplanes flew near South Korean and Japanese airspace, prompting Japan to dispatch fighter jets to intercept them.
The Defense Ministry statement said global peace and development "are irreversible trends" and called on Washington to work with Beijing to "jointly safeguard peace, stability and prosperity in this region and the world."
President Donald Trump's nuclear doctrine breaks with their predecessor, Barack Obama, by ending a push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. military policy.
In a written statement, Trump on Friday said U.S. strategy is designed to make use of nuclear weapons less likely. But arms control group criticized it as reckless.
Friday's report endorsed adhering to U.S. arms control agreements, including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers.
The U.S. government says it has been in compliance since August and expects Moscow to comply by the deadline, which is Monday.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
South Africa's new finance minister, Malusi Gigaba looks on after the swearing in of cabinet ministers following a reshuffle that replaced Pravin Gordhan as finance minister with Gigaba along with various other ministers and their deputies in Pretoria, South Africa, March... REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
PRETORIA South Africa's new finance minister, Malusi Gigaba, said on Monday they would pursue "tough and unpopular choices" to oversee economic growth and a redistribution of wealth to the black majority and help grow a flagging economy.
Their appointment last week, after the sacking of the internationally respected Pravin Gordhan by President Jacob Zuma, has seen the currency plunge and threatens to split the ruling African National Congress.
The main opposition party has called for a no-confidence vote against Zuma.
Africa's most industrialized economy faces the risk of being downgraded to junk status due to weak growth and the political upheavals after it got a reprieve last year.
South Africa's economic growth slowed to 0.3 percent in 2016 from 1.3 percent in the previous year.
"As government, our focus is now very much on the radical transformation of our economy so that all who live in South Africa can benefit from the economy. Tough and unpopular choices will have to be made to ensure such a vision," Gigaba told a media briefing, without elaborating.
The rand ZAR=D3 extended its losses against the dollar on Monday, hitting a session low of 13.6900 per dollar earlier in the day before trimming some of the losses to trade at 13.4900/dollar by 1327 GMT, 0.5 percent weaker, as the market factored in the strong resistance to Zuma. Government bonds also weakened.
In their maiden media briefing on Saturday, Gigaba also signaled they would oversee the redistribution of wealth to the black majority, as favored by Zuma. Some members of the ANC had criticized Gordhan for not taking adequate steps to do so.
The ANC has been criticized by its supporters over inequality in a country where black people make up about 80 percent of the population of 54 million, but ownership of land and companies remains mostly in the hands of white people, who account for about 8 percent of the population.
Gigaba was yet to spell out how they plan to radically transform the economy, while maintaining the fiscal discipline the Treasury was known for.
They promised to stick with fiscal plans set out in February's budget presented by Gordhan, including plans to seek up to $2 billion per year in foreign funding in the next three years.
"NO CHANGE"
Some analysts feared that budget discipline will falter despite the risk that the country's credit rating will be downgraded to "junk" status.
On Friday, Moody's will review its Baa2 rating, which is two notches above sub investment grade, followed by S&P Global Ratings - at one rung from junk - at the beginning of June.
Fitch, also one notch above junk, is not bound by a timeline.
A downgrade to junk would increase South Africa's debt-servicing costs, seen at 144 billion rand ($11 billion) in the 2016/17 fiscal year.
Paying higher debt costs would mean less money for critical services such as housing and sanitation, which could incite more protests that have rocked townships across the country and eroded support for the ruling ANC which had dominated politics since the end of white-minority rule in 1994.
Previously home affairs minister, Gigaba said they were an "experienced politician" and well-educated, adding that nobody should doubt their ability to adapt to the new portfolio.
"The assurance we can give is ... we are not a bunch of wild gunmen running amok, gung-ho into Treasury, to do different things. We are going maintain the programs that are being implemented," Gigaba said.
"We indicated to the ratings agencies that there will be no change in our fiscal stance. We are the same government."
(Writing by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by James Macharia and Alison Williams)
March 30 Charter Communications Inc:
* Charter prices $2.5 billion of senior unsecured notes and senior secured notes
* notes will bear interest at rate of 5.125% per annum and will be issued at price of 100.5% of principal amount of $1.25 billion
* 2027 5.125% notes issued at a price of 100.5%
* notes will bear interest at rate of 5.375% per annum and will be issued at price of 99.968% of principal amount of $1.25 billion. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
In order to further simplify accessibility to foreign exchange by the Small and Medium Scale Enterprises (SMEs) the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has introduced a newly designed form to facilitate minimal documentation.
Confirming this new development on Monday, the apex Bank spokesperson, Mr Isaac Okorafor said the motive behind the new form is “to provide for the foreign exchange needs of SMEs, including those in retail business and to reduce the rigour of too much documentation.”
According to him, the Bank has decided to ease the difficulty usually experienced by this category of businesses.
Mr okorafor further explained that “henceforth, all SMEs seeking to obtain foreign exchange for eligible transactions shall now fill the newly designed form with basic documentation only for the importation of goods and services.”
With this, the SMEs would be accommodated under the SME Foreign Exchange regime recently introduced by the apex Bank at the prevailing rate to import eligible visible and invisible items, they noted.
This new measure will take immediate effect and importers in this category would no longer be required to fill Form M.
PHOTO BY MABEL SUEN
Tiny pies at Pie Oh My!
click to enlarge COURTESY OF MAPLEWOOD PD
Michael Brooker.
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Police were called to Pie Oh My! ) early this morning. The Maplewood pie shop had been broken into and vandalized In an interview with KMOV , shop owner Melennie Lorence said, "I think they jammed in the door and they disrobed behind my counter.”Her use of the word “jam” was appropriate, because that's the ingredient that suspect Michael Brooker, 22, allegedly smeared all over their shop after gaining entrance.Lorence said that the damage to their store was minimal, that things were left " more dirty than broken ” and that Booker had also undressed inside their store.When police arrived they found the suspect in their boxers out in the street. They were taken to the hospital for an evaluation and charged with second-degree burglary and second-degree property damage.This scene reminded us of our favorite viral portly possum. The story goes that this lil' chubber broke into a bakery and then ate so much that they blorped themselves into incapacitation. (We're not sure that it even was a possum; it looks more like a thicc cousin of the little homie from.)In any case, they were also covered in jam and caught in a sticky situation.Pie Oh My! isn't usually open on Mondays and will stay closed tomorrow so that the shop can get a good scrubbing. It plans to re-open on Wednesday where it will once again dish out those delicious tiny pies
Two matches were confirmed for the WWE NXT "Takeover: New Orleans" event at tonight's NXT TV tapings from Center Stage in Atlanta - Shayna Baszler vs. NXT Women's Champion Ember Moon, Aleister Black vs. NXT Champion Andrade "Cien" Almas.
There were several other Takeover developments at tonight's tapings. We should have a better idea of the Takeover card after the March 7th go-home tapings at Full Sail University. A stipulation could be added to the Baszler vs. Moon match and it also looks like the finals of the eight-team 2018 Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic will take place in New Orleans.
Based on what happened at these tapings, below is what could end up being the Takeover card. It should be noted that this is a rumored card and other matches could be added. The "Takeover: New Orleans" event will take place on Saturday, April 7th from the Smoothie King Center during WrestleMania 34 Week.
NXT Title Match
Aleister Black vs. Andrade "Cien" Almas
NXT Women's Title Match
Shayna Baszler vs. Ember Moon
NXT Tag Team Title Match
TBA vs. Kyle O'Reilly & Bobby Fish
Adam Cole vs. Roderick Strong
Candice LeRae vs. Zelina Vega
Finals of the Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
PyroGenesis Additive Announces the Development of New Plasma-Based Process to Produce Metal Powders; Production of MIM Cut in Quantity; Ramp-Up Update
1 2 3 4 download (2) images 40ed7850b13adafe964b5037c bccca68 AAEAAQAAAAAAAAj1AAAAJDkxN DRlNTcwLTgwNzctNGU4MC04ZW
End
-- http://pyrogenesis.com ) (TSX VENTURE:) (OTCQB:), a high-tech company (the "Company" or "PyroGenesis")that designs, develops, manufactures and commercializes plasma waste-to-energy systems and plasma torch products, is pleased to announce today that it has developed a new plasma-based process to produce metal powders which, not only enables MIM cut powder production at higher volumes, but may have a greater impact on the market than the Company's original Plasma Atomization technology. Furthermore, the Company announces that the previously announced ramp-up phase for its first powder production system remains on schedule.The Company provides the following highlights and developments to date:On October 26, 2015, PyroGenesis announced that it was re-entering the market to produce metal powders, specifically for Additive Manufacturing (3D printing); On April 7, 2016, PyroGenesis announced its intention to spin off its Additive Manufacturing capabilities into an independent public entity; On April 27, 2016, PyroGenesis announced that its 3D Printing particle size distribution greatly exceeded expectations;On October 25, 2016, PyroGenesis announced that it had filed a patent for an improved metal powder production process and that the Company was on schedule for a 2017-Q1 powder production system assembly and first production run; On January 23, 2017 and March 14, 2017, PyroGenesis provided updates on 3D Printing and reaffirms that it is on schedule for 2017-Q1 assembly and first production run despite delays with suppliers; On March 30, 2017, PyroGenesis announced that it had completed the assembly of its first powder production system, with its first powder run exceeding expectations, and that the ramp-up, which was already underway, was expected to take place linearly over approximately four (4) months; On April 25, 2017, PyroGenesis announced receipt of its first powder order from a multinational conglomerate, with the down payment already received, and market interest exceeding expectations;On June 7, 2017, PyroGenesis announced receipt of its second powder order; On June 14, 2017, PyroGenesis announced creation of PyroGenesis Additive; and On June 19, 2017, PyroGenesis announced receipt of its third powder order and successful delivery of its first order which included both Titanium and Inconel powders;PyroGenesis Canada Inc. is the world leader in the design, development, manufacture and commercialization of advanced plasma processes. We provide engineering and manufacturing expertise, cutting-edge contract research, as well as turnkey process equipment packages to the defense, metallurgical, mining, advanced materials (including 3D printing), oil & gas, and environmental industries. With a team of experienced engineers, scientists and technicians working out of our Montreal office and our 3,800 m2 manufacturing facility, PyroGenesis maintains its competitive advantage by remaining at the forefront of technology development and commercialization. Our core competencies allow PyroGenesis to lead the way in providing innovative plasma torches, plasma waste processes, high-temperature metallurgical processes, and engineering services to the global marketplace. Our operations are ISO 9001:2008 certified, and have been ISO certified since 1997. PyroGenesis is a publicly-traded Canadian company on the TSX Venture Exchange (Ticker Symbol: PYR) and on the OTCQB Marketplace (Ticker Symbol: PYRNF). For more information, please visit www.pyrogenesis.com
Almost one in four children in Northern Ireland live in poverty, according to a report by health experts.
The large number with deprived backgrounds is having a harmful impact on the health and well being of the Province's young people, the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (RCPCH) claimed.
The RCPCH's State Of Child Health Northern Ireland report launched today found that:
• an estimated 23% of children are reported to live in poverty
• 28% of children are overweight or obese
• less than 28% of babies at six weeks receive any breastmilk, the lowest level in the UK.
The study drew together data on 25 measures of child health, ranging from specific conditions such as asthma, diabetes and epilepsy, through to risk factors including obesity, low breastfeeding rates, and mortality.
Dr Karl McKeever, RCPCH officer for Ireland, said: “We can't afford to ignore the fact that child health is not as good as it should be in Northern Ireland.
“Poverty is having a devastating effect on families, with smoking and drinking alcohol, poor mental health and obesity amongst children and young people all more likely to affect those from the most deprived backgrounds.
“Today we're bringing together experts from across the health sector, and beyond, to agree how child health should be prioritised and how we can ensure these issues are high on the political agenda.
“The current political vacuum makes it difficult to enact policy change.
“But ultimately, the state of child health will not improve without bold action from policymakers to ensure that every child, no matter where they are born, has the best possible chance of leading a healthy life.”
The report makes a series of recommendations, including:
• implementation of a child poverty strategy in Northern Ireland
• introduce proposed ban on smoking in cars when children are present
• introduce of minimum unit pricing for alcohol
• regular survey commissioned by the Northern Ireland Executive to identify the prevalence of mental health problems among children and young people in order to aid the planning of mental health care services
• appropriate mental health support offered in all primary and post primary schools in Northern Ireland.
Dr McKeever added: “Many of the illnesses that appear in adults have their roots in childhood, so by investing and intervening early, we're much more likely to create a healthier population.”
May 3 NOKIAN TYRES PLC
* NOKIAN TYRES' BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS MADE A PRINCIPAL DECISION TO INVEST IN A GREENFIELD FACTORY IN THE USA
* NOKIAN TYRES PLC - TOTAL INVESTMENT AMOUNT AT THIS PHASE IS APPROXIMATELY USD 360 MILLION
* NOKIAN TYRES PLC - BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS MADE A PRINCIPAL DECISION ON INVESTMENT IN THIRD FACTORY
* SAYS ANNUAL CAPACITY OF FACTORY WILL BE 4 MILLION TYRES WITH AN EXPANSION POTENTIAL IN FUTURE
* CONSTRUCTION IS SCHEDULED TO BEGIN IN EARLY 2018 AND FIRST TYRES ARE TO BE PRODUCED IN 2020
* SAYS TOTAL INVESTMENT AMOUNT AT THIS PHASE IS APPROXIMATELY USD 360 MILLION
* SAYS CONSTRUCTION IS SCHEDULED TO BEGIN IN EARLY 2018 AND FIRST TYRES ARE TO BE PRODUCED IN 2020 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Helsinki Newsroom)
….says corrupt judges are disgrace, disaster to the nation
By Ikechukwu Nnochiri
ABUJA—-The Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, Justice Walter Onnoghen, on Monday, maintained that corruption in the judiciary was not limited to bribe-taking, saying it includes the giving of judgments or orders based on considerations other than legal merit.
They said the National Judicial Council, NJC, under their watch, would tackle the canckerworm head-on with a view to weeding out some “questionable characters” from the Bench.
Justice Onnoghen who spoke at the opening ceremony of the 2018 Refresher Course for Judges and Kadis, held at the National Judicial Institute, NJI, in Abuja, said: “My lords, distinguished ladies and gentlemen, you will all agree with me that a corrupt Judge is not only a disgrace to the Bench and the noble profession, but also a disaster to the course of justice and the nation.
“I must not fail to emphasize here that my definition of corruption is not limited to bribe-taking, but includes the giving of judgements or orders based on any consideration other than legal merit. It is gratifying to note however, that the NJC is already tackling this cankerworm head-on.
“The prestige of the Judiciary is indeed essential in a system of government such as ours in which the judiciary functions independently. The behavior of Judges is, in the circumstance, closely scrutinized to guarantee continued confidence in the integrity of the Courts.
“The combination of power, responsibility and humanity accounts for both the most exemplary and sometimes, the most regrettable judicial conduct. To this end, Judges must exercise decorum in all their undertakings.
“Consequently, the NJC under my watch has constituted the Corruption and Financial Crimes Cases Trial Monitoring Committee, COTRIMCO, which has hit the ground running, to serve as a check on the excesses of some bad eggs amongst us.
” I am confident that in due course of time, our efforts to rid the judiciary of questionable characters shall yield result”, the CJN added, saying the NJC would continually ensure “through rigorous screening and painstaking appointment procedures, that the best materials, in terms of learning and character, get appointed to the Bench”.
They said the designation of Special Courts to handle corruption cases was a step in the right direction as lingering corruption cases would be expeditiously dispensed with.
“It will no longer be business as usual. I must state categorically however, lest I am accused of the fallacy of hasty generalisation, that the Judiciary in Nigeria is not inefficient. It is an established fact that the Judiciary in Nigeria is as good as the best anywhere in the world. Only few Judges are found wanting.
“My lords, distinguished guests, the delay in our justice delivery system is of great concern to me as it must be to you all. This unacceptable situation inevitably dictates the need for a thorough and comprehensive reform of our Justice Sector to ensure access to justice at affordable costs and within a reasonable time”.
In their welcome address, the Administrator of the NJI, Justice R.P.I. Bozimo, said the theme of this year's course: “Enhancing the Quality of Judicial Services”, was imperative and relevant, saying it strives to reposition the Nigerian Judiciary to effectively perform its statutory role and improve on the services rendered to litigants and the public at large.
They said: “My lords, in order to remain relevant in this ever evolving judicial landscape, the courts must not only be seen to be just, but must provide quality judicial services. In this regard, we must not fail in ensuring that the common man can approach the courts with confidence knowing that access to justice is for all citizens.
“To this end, the speedy and expeditious resolution of cases before our courts is highly encouraged”, Justice Bozimo stated.
Josh Homme has recorded a bedtime story for CBeebies, which will air tonight (Friday, October 6) at 6.50pm.
The Queens of The Stone Age frontman follows in the footsteps of Tom Hardy and Elbow's Guy Garvey in providing a soothing way for the nation's little ones to be lulled to sleep. Well, possibly.
For the uninitiated under-fives, Homme is a constant member in a changing lineup of the US rock act, which has seen Nirvana / Foo Fighters mainman Dave Grohl appear on drums, while members of grunge royalty Soundgarden and Pearl Jam have also guested over the years.
Homme recorded the Cbeebies piece just before their surprise performance at Reading & Leeds festival this summer.
Earlier this year, Captain America actor Chris Evans appeared on bedtime stories, the latest in a line of unexpected guest readers on BBC children's TV, which goes back to talents as diverse as Rik Mayall and Prince Charles taking to the Jackanory reader's chair.
* Debt auctions draw strong demand, Trump comments on rates help * Polish, Hungarian bond yields near multi-month lows on Trump * Political uncertainties weigh on currencies (Recasts with debt auctions) By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, April 13 Government debt auctions in Budapest, Bucharest and Prague drew robust demand on Thursday after U.S. President Donald Trump signalled that they wanted interest rates to stay low. Hungarian and Polish government bonds traded near multi-month lows. Czech two-year bonds bucked the trend despite huge over-subscription at an auction of 115-day Treasury bills. Yields were bid at minus 0.01 percent, up 7 basis points. The government sold 16.3 billion crowns ($649.27 million)worth of the bills at an average yield of -0.5 percent, well above the original planned maximum 5 billion crowns, with demand at 19.1 billion crowns. One trader said some foreigners who bought short-term Czech bonds earlier, betting on a surge of the crown, are rolling those positions over into even shorter bills. The central bank a week ago removed its cap on the value of the crown, which had kept the currency weaker than 27 per euro since 2013. The crown traded at 26.721 at 1232 GMT, a shade weaker from Wednesday and only slightly stronger than the old cap, despite bets by investors who bought tens of billions of euros worth of crowns hoping for a surge beyond 26. "I would not want to be in (the long-crown) people's skin right now," one Prague trader said. "One loses nerve, then a second and a third, and there could be quite a mess." Elsewhere, Romania sold a planned 600 million lei worth of five-year bonds, with the average yield falling to 2.77 percent from 3 percent in a sale five weeks ago. Yields at Hungary's two bond auctions fell below secondary market levels even though the government sold debt worth 70.8 billion forints ($240.90 million), well above the 45 billion forint planned. The forint, meanwhile, touched one-month lows. Trading at 312.61 against the euro, it was down 0.1 percent. Geopolitical risks are also in investors' minds, including Sunday's Turkish referendum about presidential power and France's upcoming elections. "We are also getting calls from foreigners enquiring about the demonstrations in Budapest," one dealer said. Tens of thousands protested in the past days in the Hungarian capital against government plans to tighten legislation over non-governmental organisations and a university founded by financier George Soros. Concern over politics may influence the forint, but the strong demand for bonds shows limited market impact. "It may get worse if there is escalation to a conflict with the European Union," the trader said. CEE SNAPS AT 1432 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.72 26.70 -0.05 1.07% 10 65 % Hungary 312.6 312.3 -0.07 -1.21 forint 100 950 % % Polish 4.247 4.246 -0.02 3.68% zloty 5 8 % Romanian 4.519 4.517 -0.04 0.34% leu 6 8 % Croatian 7.426 7.438 +0.1 1.74% kuna 0 5 7% Serbian 123.5 123.6 +0.1 -0.16 dinar 500 950 2% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 974.5 983.6 -0.93 +5.7 0 1 % 4% Budapest 32516 32409 +0.3 +1.6 .16 .94 3% 0% Warsaw 2220. 2214. +0.2 +13. 18 06 8% 98% Bucharest 8239. 8217. +0.2 +16. 59 83 6% 30% Ljubljana 778.4 779.4 -0.13 +8.4 2 1 % 8% Zagreb 1901. 1903. -0.10 -4.69 35 28 % % Belgrade 9 8 % 5% Sofia 655.6 656.5 -0.14 +11. 5 9 % 80% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 3 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year 1 bps Poland 2-year 7 bps s 5-year 9 bps s 10-year 7 bps FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.3 0.32 0.4 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.2 0.27 0.33 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.77 1.785 1.795 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ ($1 = 25.1050 Czech crowns) ($1 = 293.9000 forints) (Aditional reporting by Jason Hovet and Robert Muller in Prague, editing by Larry King)
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
With the recent purchase of Giant's Castle Mountain: A. L. Fortune Farm, Enderby, BC Oct 6, 1882, the Royal BC Museum now holds the greatest number and most significant of Grafton Tyler Brown's Canadian works in the world.
“We hope that the painting's subject matter and history will lead to significant, perhaps challenging, conversations about the history of settlers in BC — including immigrants like Brown,” said Prof. Jack Lohman, CEO of the Royal BC Museum. “It's a focal point for discussing ethnicity and identity, and also allows us probe the relationship between landscape paintings, nature and the presence of humans.”
Grafton Tyler Brown (1841-1918) was a painter, lithographer and cartographer, the first African American artist to create works depicting the Pacific Northwest, California and British Columbia.
In 1883, they made 22 paintings of BC in their Victoria studio, based on drawings made during a geological survey into the southern Interior of the province. Giant's Castle Mountain (the Enderby Cliffs) is one such product of the expedition.
The painting depicts Fortune's farmstead on the edge of a forest, the agrarian foreground dwarfed by a looming mountain.
Dr. John Lutz of the University of Victoria, a Brown authority, has deemed this work the most important of Brown's B.C. paintings.
Lutz provides historical context for Fortune's ranch, noting that Fortune was “a major historical figure in the Okanagan as well as one of the Overlanders in1862.” The Overlanders were a group of adventurers who walked from the Prairies—over the Rocky Mountains—to the Cariboo goldfields.
Fortune was one of the first Caucasian settlers in the North Okanagan region to pre-empt land near what became Enderby. (“Pre-emption” was a method of acquiring provincial Crown lands for settlement and agriculture; the BC Archives holds a research guide about BC pre-emption records: https://royalbcmuseum.bc.ca/assets/Pre-emptions_homesteads_quick_guide.pdf.)
The BC Archives already holds in its collection Brown's BC catalogue and a rare portrait. Only 10 of Brown's other Canadian works are accounted for in public and private collections.
The Royal BC Museum purchased the painting in March, 2018, for $44,000 from Uno Langmann Fine Art Ltd., with funds from the Royal BC Museum Foundation and additional financial support from the Friends of the BC Archives.
Miracles: Witness Stories of Health, Hope and Faith Restored A beautifully presented full-color book and DVD that capture stories of miraculous changes by the hand of God. MIRACLES- IMPACT- 98 ORLANDO, Fla. - Jan. 2, 2017 - PRLog -- Throughout countless crusades in Africa and worldwide, CfaN's Evangelists and campaign team members have witnessed and collected stories and videos of thousands upon thousands of miracles. Now, a full-color book entitled "Miracles" beautifully tells the story of 150 of these accounts, while a DVD by the same name focuses on 12 incredible stories.
Often, events following the preaching of the Gospel can only be explained by attributing them to God alone. Privileged to have watched numerous moments of healing unfold, the CfaN team is proud to share a small sampling of those stories with anyone who may need hope or the power of a miracle in their own life.
shows and tells 150 stories of human restoration and positive change. Full-color photos bring to life the words that describe what can only be the work of God. The "Miracles" DVD shows 12 counts of "demonstrations of supernatural power in the name of Jesus," including three blind siblings who receive sight at the same moment.
Visit cfan.org/miracles to order the "Miracles" book or "Miracles" DVD or to watch a video preview of the full-color book.
Contact
Sam Rodriguez
srodriguez@cfan.org
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12610765/1 Sam Rodriguez End -- Throughout countless crusades in Africa and worldwide, CfaN's Evangelists and campaign team members have witnessed and collected stories and videos of thousands upon thousands of miracles. Now, a full-color book entitled "Miracles" beautifully tells the story of 150 of these accounts, while a DVD by the same name focuses on 12 incredible stories.Often, events following the preaching of the Gospel can only be explained by attributing them to God alone. Privileged to have watched numerous moments of healing unfold, the CfaN team is proud to share a small sampling of those stories with anyone who may need hope or the power of a miracle in their own life. The book, "Miracles," shows and tells 150 stories of human restoration and positive change. Full-color photos bring to life the words that describe what can only be the work of God. The "Miracles" DVD shows 12 counts of "demonstrations of supernatural power in the name of Jesus," including three blind siblings who receive sight at the same moment.Visit cfan.org/miracles to order the "Miracles" book or "Miracles" DVD or to watch a video preview of the full-color book. Source : Christ for all Nations Email : ***@cfan.org Tags : Miracles , Faith , God Industry : Religion Location : Orlando - Florida - United States Subject : Products Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number
- Above is the latest episode of WWE Pop Question with Daniel Bryan, WWE Hall of Famer Shawn Michaels, Zack Ryder, WWE Champion Jinder Mahal, RAW Tag Team Champion Seth Rollins, Johnny Gargano, WWE NXT Champion Drew McIntyre and Heath Slater talking about their favorite Kane moments.
- WWE Network will premiere a new series titled "365" next month after the Survivor Series pay-per-view goes off the air, according to PWInsider. The concept is to review a year in the career of a WWE Superstar with a documentary-style presentation. The first episode will focus on Kevin Owens, reviewing their career from 2016 until now.
- SmackDown Tag Team Champion Xavier Woods tweeted the following to thank everyone for their help with the first-ever WWExIGN eSports Showdown in New York City last night, which they called a huge success:
Thank you to everyone involved in #WWExIGN livestream last night. Was a really big deal for me and it's just the beginning of what we can do pic.twitter.com/QFnnry445l — Austin Creed ???? (@XavierWoodsPhD) October 6, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
May 3 SHW AG:
* In Q1 of 2017, at 104.3 million euros ($113.95 million) group sales were 2 percent lower than previous year's figure of 106.6 million euros
* Q1 consolidated earnings before interest, tax and depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) decreased by 6 percent, from 10.8 million euros to 10.1 million euros
* Quarterly profit declined by just 0.3 million euros to 3.0 million euros (previous year 3.3 million euros)
* Outlook for the full year 2017 confirmed: sales in a range of 400 million to 420 million euros, EBITDA margin in a range of 10.0 percent to 11.0 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9153 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte has appointed anti-graft court justice Alexander Gesmundo to the Supreme Court, Malacanang said.
Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea made disclosure in a text message to reporters on Monday.
Prior to their appointment as high court justice, Gesmundo served as the chairperson of the Sandiganbayan's Seventh Division and its committee on rules.
Based on their profile provided by their alma mater Ateneo de Manila University School of Law, Gesmundo is also the vice chairperson of the Philippine Judicial Academy's Department of Remedial Law.
The same profile also said that Gesmundo finished Bachelor of Laws at the Ateneo de Manila University School of Law in 1984 and later earned their Bachelor of Science in Economics at the Lyceum of the Philippines in 1977.
Neurology and the CNS is the branch of science dealing with anatomy, function, diagnosis and treatment of disorders and disease affecting the central nervous system (brain and spinal cord). Neuroscience medicine includes but is not limited to the study and treatment of Alzheimer's disease, major depressive disorder, schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease, epilepsy/seizures, migraine, insomnia/sleep disorders, bipolar disorder, and ADHD.
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored their 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to their feet and they sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
Harry Redknapp has been appointed Birmingham City manager.
The news comes just hours after Gianfranco Zola has resigned.
The Italian left the club following Blues' 2-0 defeat against Burton Albion at St Andrew's yesterday.
The St Andrew's crowd turned on Zola during the game, levelling chants against the manager and their position in charge.
Zola won just twice in 24 matches as Blues boss since replacing Gary Rowett in December in a disastrous run of form which has left the side just three points from safety.
They sit in 20th place following this afternoon's loss which resulted in their resignation.
Blues now have three games - starting with the derby against Aston Villa on Sunday - in which to preserve their Championship status.
Join us for all the latest news and reaction as Redknapp joins.
Cricket - Australia v Pakistan - Third Test cricket match - Sydney Cricket Ground, Sydney, Australia - 5/1/17 Pakistan's Misbah-ul-Haq reacts as they walk off the ground after being caught out by Australia's Jackson Bird. REUTERS/David Gray
LAHORE Pakistan test captain Misbah-ul-Haq will quit international cricket after the three-test series in West Indies beginning later this month, the veteran batsman announced on Thursday.
The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) put Misbah in charge of the test team for the three matches in West Indies on Wednesday with chairperson Shaharyar Khan making it clear that it would be the last series for the player, who turns 43 next month.
"It will be my last series and I had conveyed this to the chairperson (Pakistan Cricket Board) quite some time ago," Misbah told reporters at the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore.
"I will try to finish it on a high note... There was no pressure on me," Pakistan's most successful test captain said, adding they initially wanted to quit after the 2015 series against England in the United Arab Emirates.
Pakistan won 24 of its 53 test matches under Misbah and, for the first time, occupied the top test rankings last year before a dip in form set in.
Pakistan suffered six consecutive test defeats and lost series in New Zealand and Australia, which triggered speculation about Misbah's future as the test captain.
Admired for their unflappable temperament in a Pakistan dressing room teeming with mercurial talents, Misbah was handed the test captaincy after a 2010 spot-fixing scandal in England which led to a ban on, among others, predecessor Salman Butt.
Since their 2001 test debut in New Zealand, Misbah has gone on to make 4951 runs from 72 matches at a 45-plus average.
The top order batsman also played 162 one-dayers before quitting the format after the 2015 World Cup.
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Sudipto Ganguly/Mark Heinrich)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May delivers a speech to Conservative Party members to launch their election campaign in Walmsley Parish Hall, Bolton, Britain April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Yates
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May will make a formal pledge ahead of the June 8 election to end European Union free movement of people into Britain, the Daily Mail newspaper reported, citing unidentified party sources.
May will also include pledges in their election manifesto to pull out of both the EU single market and European Court of Justice, the newspaper said.
May surprised allies, opponents and financial markets on Tuesday when they called a snap election for June 8.
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by Kate Holton)
Serious runners can raise money for their favourite charities thanks to a new event being planned for May 7.
Rotary Club of Harrogate will organise a running event which will cover the route of the 20-mile Nidderdale Walk and will provide runners with the opportunity to raise money for their favourite charity.
Organisers said that in this first year the run will be limited to 100 runners.
“The run starts and finishes in Ripley, which is situated three miles from Harrogate on the edge of the Yorkshire Dales National Park,” said a Rotary spokesperson.
“Ripley Castle is an historic attraction open to the public all year round and makes for a fascinating and entertaining day out.
“The house and grounds are set in a beautiful location that provides a magnificent backdrop to the Nidderdale Run.”
Among its many current enterprises the Rotary Club of Harrogate is the organiser of the highly successful Nidderdale Charity Walks which have raised over £800,000 for local charities over the 24 years it has been going.
20-Mile Run
£12.00
The entry fee is £12 and covers - fully marked route, on route water, post race hot food, goody bag from Run Sponsor Smithers Viscient.
Pre-registration and payment is required by May 1. Complete a registration form at: www.runnidderdale.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Verizon logo is seen on the side of a truck in New York City, U.S., October 13, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The No. 1 U.S. wireless carrier Verizon Communications Inc has been buying streaming rights from television network owners ahead of a nationwide launch of an online TV service, according to people familiar with the matter.
Verizon plans to sell a package with dozens of channels this year, the sources told Reuters.
The company did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The telecom giants's move will be aimed at tackling the trend of "cord-cutting" — where customers move away from traditional cable TV to streaming services such as Netflix Inc and Amazon's Prime Video.
Verizon's rival AT&T Inc has an online streaming television service called DirecTV Now, while U.S. satellite TV provider Dish Network Corp in 2015 launched Sling TV, a streaming service.
The news was first reported by Bloomberg.
(Additional reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
March 30 NPT Ltd -
* Finalised terms and entered into conditional agreements with Kiwi Property Group Limited
* NPT board supports Kiwi Property proposal
* Kiwi Properties will be sold to two NPT subsidiaries for a total consideration of NZ$230 million
* Kiwi Property proposal includes purchase of majestic centre in Wellington and north city shopping centre in Porirua by two units
* NPT and its subsidiaries propose to fund acquisition of Kiwi Properties through additional bank borrowings of approximately $87 million
* If Kiwi Property proposal proceeds it is expected to result in about 7% increase in pro forma dividends per share for year to 31 March 2018
* Kiwi Property will subscribe for new, fully paid ordinary shares in NPT and become a shareholder of 19.9% of shareholding
* All figures in NZ$ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Investors don't seem to believe that the rally in this month's favorite equity sector is over, even as the risk of the sanctions that spurred the gains fades.
Despite the drop in aluminum prices that followed the U.S. Treasury's sudden decision to soften its stance on steps against Russian metals giant United Co. Rusal, money managers aren't shunning global mining shares. After a quick retreat on Monday following the update from Washington, the Stoxx 600 Basis Resources Index on Tuesday resumed the advance that has lifted it more than 8 percent over the past two weeks, making it Europe's best-performing sector in the period.
Aluminum traders may be counting on the metal's return to more normal levels following a resolution of supply constraints caused by the sanctions. But for equity investors, including Société Générale SA and MPPM EK, it's too early to say farewell to the metal's risk premium, which has buoyed the shares of producers. The U.S. crackdown on one of the world's biggest aluminum suppliers, combined with President Donald Trump's China tariffs, sent volatility in global metals and mining shares surging to the highest in 13 months. Investors say the swings are here to stay.
“I'd say it's too early to wave the flag on the effect of sanctions,” said Guillermo Hernandez Sampere, head of trading at MPPM EK in Eppstein, Germany. “The recent sanctions have led to a distortion of global trade, aluminum and steel prices. We're far away from normal as politics run the show.”
The biggest gainers among mining stocks in European trading on Tuesday included BHP Billiton Plc, which gained as much as 1.8 percent, Glencore Plc, which rose 1.9 percent, and Rio Tinto Group, which was up to 1.1 percent higher. Corporate executives and Russian government officials joined investors in expressing skepticism about the relief from U.S. sanctions.
Read more here on events in the aluminum market
On Monday, the U.S. Treasury discussed a path for lifting the sanctions on Rusal, saying it would provide relief if oligarch Oleg Deripaska relinquished control. It also extended the deadline for companies to wind down dealings with the Russian aluminum producer by almost five months.
A senior executive from Aluminum Corp. of China Ltd. on Tuesday said there's no chance the company will buy aluminum from Rusal or sell it alumina as U.S. sanctions threaten to freeze the Russian producer out of global markets. Tolga Egrilmezer, Rio Tinto's vice president for aluminum sales and marketing, said it's too early to say if Rusal's situation has changed.
“Risks to aluminum prices remain, since the deadline for Rusal sanctions has simply been pushed back until October and we expect the volatility to persist,” said Christian Georges, an analyst at Société Générale SA in London. “Chinese aluminum is likely to provide the missing volume in global supply, but if alumina is lacking it's a problem for many producers.”
The shares of European automakers brushed off the decline in aluminum prices since, according to Commerzbank AG's Demian Flowers, these companies care more about the price of steel.
Global mining stocks are the best performers in the MSCI World Index after energy since April 6, when the U.S. announced its sanctions against Rusal.
“Aluminum's volatility should stay elevated until the end of the year, because the carry equilibrium of the market has become disrupted through the sanctions, and it will take time to get a really good idea where the supply-demand balances are,” said Christian Gerlach, a money manager at GAM Investment Management in Zurich.
— With assistance by Jack Farchy
Rules on payment of docket fees pertaining to intra-corporate squabbles have been revised by the Supreme Court (SC). The revision stemmed from the case of Alliance International Inc. (Alliance), a tuna canning firm, embroiled in a management conflict after the acquisition by Strong Oak Inc. of the firm's 430.286 million shares worth P563.675 million. The High Tribunal's First Division decided on a consolidated petition filed by Alliance led by its president Jonathan Dee and its minority shareholders led by Harvest All Investment Limited (Harvest All) promulgated on March 15, 2017 by Associate Justice Estela Perlas-Bernabe, denying the petition of Alliance and partly granted the plea of Harvest All ruling that an intra-corporate controversy may involve a subject matter that is either capable or incapable of monetary estimation. Harvest All, in opposing the postponement of the annual stockholders' meeting pending complete subscription to its Stock Rights Offering (SRO), filed a complaint before the Pasig Regional Trial Court (RTC) involving intra-corporate controversy against Alliance. The Pasig RTC Clerk of Court assessed Harvest All with filing fees of P8,860.00, which the firm paid. But Pasig RTC Branch 159 dismissed the complaint of Harvest All, ruling in favor of Alliance's argument that Harvest All failed to pay correct filing fees. Alliance believed that the court has no jurisdiction over the case because Harvest All should have paid P20 million as docket fee based on the worth of SRO, which is valued at P1 billion. Harvest All brought the case before the Court of Appeals (CA), which ordered the reinstatement of the case. The CA directed the Pasig RTC to conduct proceedings but only after the proper legal fees of P1 billion. Both the Pasig RTC and the CA, in deciding the case, relied on a pronouncement made by the highest court in the case of Lu vs Lu Ym: “An intra-corporate controversy always involves a property in litigation, the value of which is always the basis for computing the applicable filing fees.” The SC in its latest ruling, however, clarified that such pronouncement is a mere opinion and does not bind the courts in deciding similar cases.
In a patent ruling in favor of Taiwan's United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC), the Fuzhou Intermediate People's Court of the People's Republic of China has issued a preliminary injunction stopping Micron from selling 26 products, including dynamic random access memory and Nand flash memory-related products.
Idaho-based Micron was slapped with an injunction for "violating UMC's patent rights in a court verdict that applies to all mainland China," UMC said in a statement on Tuesday that disclosed the ruling.
Read more: Trump's China trade dispute: Is it a war for tech supremacy?
Micron said in a statement it hadn't been served with the injunction yet and "will not be commenting further until the company has received and reviewed documentation from the Fuzhou Intermediate People's Court of China." Micron, which gets half of its revenue from China, saw its shares plummet 6.3 percent following the announcement.
UMC and its Chinese partners had filed patent infringement lawsuits against Micron subsidiaries in Chinese courts earlier this year, relating to several products including some solid-state hard drives and memory sticks.
Price surge
During the patent infringement trial, the remedies UMC sought were to stop Micron from making, importing or selling the allegedly infringing products, and also that Micron destroys all inventories and pay compensation.
Watch video 01:32 Now live 01:32 mins. Share As tariffs loom, Chinese consumers say “Cheerio” to American products Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/30iTZ As tariffs loom, Chinese consumers say “Cheerio” to American products
News agency Bloomberg reported that an official of the Chinese court had confirmed the injunction, but had refused to provide details of the ruling because the case is still ongoing.
The decision comes as China is investigating Micron and its South Korean rivals over price fixing allegations amid a surge in chip prices.
The case is also part of a broader dispute between the two companies after the US chipmaker accused UMC last year of stealing Micron's designs in an attempt to help China advance its domestic chip industry.
China is the world's largest semiconductor market, but isn't home to even one of the top 10 producers worldwide. The global chip market is mainly in the hands of Micron and its two Korean rivals, Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix.
Trade dispute escalation
The ruling by the Chinese court is likely to fuel trade tensions between China and the United States, unleashed by President Donald Trump, who accuses China of stealing US intellectual property.
On Monday, the Trump administration banned the world's largest mobile phone provider, China Mobile, from entering the American market, citing national security concerns.
China's Huawei and ZTE are also fighting US government action that threatens to cut them off from crucial suppliers and potential customers in the US.
Meanwhile, US chipmaker Qualcomm is still waiting for permission from Chinese regulators to complete its acquisition of NXP Semiconductors — a deal that was scheduled to be closed at the end of last year and has already been approved by regulators across the world.
Watch video 01:32 Now live 01:32 mins. Share US describes China Mobile as national security threat Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/30l5K US describes China Mobile as national security threat
uhe/bb (Reuters, dpa, AFP)
This is Demi Moore without the fake teeth that hide the fact that they lost their front teeth a few years ago to stress. Demi Moore
UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 15
June 15 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.3 percent ahead of the cash market open.
TOKYO, April 5 Japan's Nikkei share average gained on Wednesday as the yen rally paused, although investor caution ahead of an upcoming U.S.-China summit limited the gains.
The Nikkei rose 0.3 percent to end at 18,861.27.
Banks and insurers, which seek higher yielding products, struggled after U.S. Treasury yields fell to five-week lows. Tokyo's banking sub-index declined 1 percent.
The broader Topix was effectively flat at 1,504.66 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 added about 0.05 percent to 13,470.70. (Reporting by the Tokyo markets team)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SALEM, Ore. (AP) — The head of Oregon's emergency management agency has apologized after a cryptic emergency alert was forced out to cellphones in and around Oregon's capital city, displaying the words "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action," but carrying little other information.
Andrew Phelps said late Tuesday that a technical glitch had cut off crucial information: that the alert concerned elevated levels of a natural toxin in a local reservoir. Children and people with compromised immune systems have been told not to drink tap water in the Salem, Oregon, area, after an algae bloom caused the spike.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on the social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
Advertisement
The systems are capable of pushing messages directly to every cellphone in a given area even if users haven't subscribed or downloaded an app. Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with a spokesperson telling reporters the message had caught them unawares and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website, which briefly crashed under the load.
Within hours of the alert going out Tuesday night, the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center were stripped of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers had brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
Wednesday morning Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water they were carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on their phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught them at the gym, and that they had interrupted their exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
April 28 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd
* Royal caribbean reports first quarter earnings of $0.99, increases full year guidance and announces share repurchase program
* Sees q2 adjusted earnings per share $1.60 to $1.65
* Sees fy 2017 adjusted earnings per share $7.00 to $7.20
* Sees fy 2014 adjusted earnings per share $3.39
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.99
* Royal caribbean cruises ltd - received board approval to implement a program to repurchase up to $500 million of its common stock
* Qtrly total revenues $2.01 billion versus $1.92 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.92, revenue view $2.02 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $1.44 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $7.07 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Royal caribbean cruises -in fy 2017 expects net yield increase in range of 4.5% to 6.0% on a constant-currency basis & 4.0% to 5.5% on an as-reported basis
* Royal caribbean cruises -in 2017 net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be flat to up slightly on constant-currency basis & flat on as-reported basis
* Royal caribbean cruises ltd says constant-currency net yields are expected to increase 10.0% to 10.5% in q2 of 2017
* Royal caribbean cruises ltd says ncc excluding fuel are expected to be down approximately 2.0% on a constant-currency basis in q2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Dr Ralf Speth makes most busy people look lazy. Just off a long flight from India, they had stopped off in Shannon to see the progress at the Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) new technology and research centre in the Co Clare town, before rushing to Dublin for the opening of the multimillion euro JLR showroom just opened by Spirit Motors in Sandyford.
Yet Dr Speth, JLR's chief executive, looks fresh and unflustered as they sit down and enthuses to The Irish Times about just what a huge influence the Shannon operation will have on these iconic British brands.
“You have a very good education system, you have very special people, people with this kind of dedication, this kind of passion, so it's very interesting to be here. Then there's the hospitality of the people, the friendliness, but it's not just about that. These young and passionate people, who are interested in changing mobility, that's what makes it the right place to be,” says Speth.
They want Shannon to become JLR's centre of excellence when it comes to both electric cars, and further down the track, to autonomous cars. The centre's eventual 150 employees will therefore have an influence over the future of Jaguar and Land Rover quite out of proportion to its size in the 43,000-strong global employee roster.
Experts
“So the future of mobility will be electric, will depend more and more on electric and infrastructure talking to each other. And we will do all this in Ireland, ” says Speth. “And it can create something very special. Think about it. The people who are working here are experts in electrical and electronic architectures, but also in autonomous. Being an island can be a disadvantage sometimes, but it can also be a huge advantage.
“Especially if you think about the future of our business, which is about electrification, and autonomy, and connectivity. If you have an opportunity where you have an isolated island, you can change the way of mobility in an advanced way. There are a lot of ideas you can create here, you can demonstrate here, you can shape here, both in public transport and in private cars. There's so much you can do here.”
That future could be further down the line than is commonly assumed, though. Although autonomous technology is a current headline grabber, Dr Speth feels there's a major hurdle to get over before we can all go autonomous - electric power. “Autonomy from my point of view has to be built on electrification, because the internal combustion engine doesn't react fast enough to run it autonomously. From my point of view, autonomy is still too dangerous.”
Cybersecurity
“We have to do a lot of safety features, cybersecurity, and develop all of that far more than it is today. So for now we can talk about increasing assistance, driver assistance, but we don't have the real ideal autonomous technology yet. And from my point of view, we want to keep a steering wheel. Because sometimes, we want to make sure that we still can have fun. Therefore we will have these sorts of vehicles for many generations to come.”
Dr Speth says petrol and diesel will still play a major role in our lives for quite some time to come. “Assuming you will get between 20-40 per cent electrification in the fleet, not evening defining the degree of electrification, when you turn that figure around, you see that the rest is covered by the internal combustion engine,” they say. “Maybe with a hybrid, but even so that's not the ideal basis for autonomy. So let's start with the electrification of the vehicle first, such as with the I-Pace, and we're the first premium car company to offer this kind of vehicle, with a very special package. So although we're a small company, we're very advanced, and I have to say that it's fun to do it.”
Too emotional
They also think that the debate surrounding diesel, petrol, electrification and air quality has become far too emotional, and that we need to get back to the facts so that the best decisions can be made. “I am convinced, absolutely, that we will continue to have internal combustion engines in mobility for many years to come. Look at trucks and heavy goods vehicles, which will still need diesel engines for many generations. If you compare today modern Euro6+ diesel engines, with a petrol engine, I think that the diesel is still a very good engine. So my plea is to know the facts and figures, and that we go away from an emotional discussion and back to a discussion based on scientific fact, that we compare the pluses and minuses in a neutral way and then decide what we want to have.
“You know that the diesel engine still has advantages in Co2, so overall I think that in the future, a modern diesel engine is still a very innovative, very good product, helping by the way to reduce overall fuel consumption, but also helping in the fight against Co2 emissions. So that helps both nations to meet their Paris and Kyoto obligations, and also the carmakers to fulfil the regulations from Brussels” says Dr Speth, who also rails against the apparent short-sightedness of the UK authorities and their approach to diesel. “The UK is taxing the new diesel technology, and in principle that means that older cars will be kept for longer, which will increase pollution. And then they will have to pay more fines. I don't understand it.”
Investment
“Whether you want to create a network for electric cars, or for hydrogen cars, that takes investment, and it's all about the society we want to create. What's right for society, what's right for the environment, is in principle the best investment of the society, the government, and the carmaker. So the decision was made to go electric. But it's also the issue that maybe tomorrow there will be a new Einstein who changes the technology, and then this judgment might have to change, but it's quite clear from a scientific point of view that electric is where we're moving towards.”
Of more immediate concern are Jaguar and Land Rover's sales. For the year to the end of March 2018, the company actually set a new sales record of 614,309 vehicles globally, with a 6 per cent growth in revenue. Sales in the company's traditional heartlands of the UK and Europe fell, though, by 12.8 per cent and 5.3 per cent respectively. “I'm very much concerned about it,” says Speth. “For us the UK is the home market, it's something of importance. Other companies just see it as a small island, where you can sell some cars, so for these guys it's not important. But if you look at the UK market, you can see it's fallen back by 15 per cent, year on year, that diesel sales are back by 40-60 per cent, so our home market is having its problems.”
Brexit
In spite of this, Speth denies that international investments, such as Shannon, such as new factories in Slovakia and Brazil, are an attempt to hedge against any effects of Brexit. “It's nothing to do with Brexit. We have made these decisions quite a while ago, and it's more about bringing the cars closer to the customers, so it's necessary. It's not about going out of the UK. It will always be the heart and soul of our brands, so we want to have more balance between the UK and the international operations.”
Irish sales have not done so well either. Land Rover's sales so far this year fell fractionally by 0.15 per cent, but Jaguar's sales will be more of a concern – down by 18.3 per cent this year, in spite of the introduction of the new E-Pace crossover. Presumably, someone sees more potential in both brands, given the investment in the new Spirit dealership.
Dr Speth, though, points out how far Jaguar and Land Rover have come in the decade since the company was bought from Ford by Indian conglomerate Tata. “In these 10 years, back in 2008 the economy was going up when they bought it, but then we fell into what was the worts recession in all of our memories. We had a really difficult time. In 2008 we sold 195,000 units, now we're selling more than 600,000, so it's not bad. We increased turnover by five times, we increased the workforce by three times to more than 43,000 people, more than 12,000 engineers, and we've done all that because we have the support of Ratan Tata. The man is a true visionary. Ratan Tata saw the power of the people in the brands, so they gave us the opportunity to overinvest at first, in mid- and long-term projects, so that we could build our brands. So they gave us that freedom, and we value it very much. We got to produce the vehicles we want to have, the vehicles we want to drive ourselves.”
In the future, those cars could be the vehicles that a team of 150 Irish engineers and technicians want to drive.
Saudi's Kingdom Holding buys $62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $62 million.
April 3 Blue Sky Energy Inc
* Blue Sky announces private placement financing
* Has arranged a non-brokered private placement financing of up to 5 million units of blue sky at a price of $1.00 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHOW MAN: Clive Wallace lived and breathed the Mount Perry Show since they were a teen.
They Are the man that many Mount Perry locals dubbed "The Show” and, at this year's annual event, Clive Wallace will be honoured in a very special way.
A former show president, organiser of all things and life member, Mr Wallace had their hands dipped in almost every aspect of the Mount Perry Show for many years up until their death in August.
Ian Briggs, the chairperson of the Mount Perry Show committee, said it was only fitting to name an arena at the showgrounds after the much-loved local.
"In our small community everyone knew Clive,” Mr Briggs said.
"Everything that had to be done on show day, they did it.
"He was the show.
"As a mark of respect to a great man, a joint decision was made by the rodeo committee and the show committee to name the arena after them on show day.”
A ceremony for the Clive CT Wallace Arena dedication will be held at noon on Saturday as part of the annual event.
Mr Wallace's wife, Sandra, said they felt humbled to know how loved and admired their husband was in the community.
"I just feel very honoured that they thought so fondly of him,” they said.
Mrs Wallace said their husband lived and breathed the show ever since they were a teenager and made it their mission to always help others.
"We were married for 45 years and they were involved with the show long before I met him,” they said.
"He liked to see a community event be successful, by getting involved they thought it was the Australian way to help out where they could.”
Mr Wallace not only served as show president but also as vice-president in recent years, as well as being involved in many other community ventures.
"He was very supportive and caring,” Mrs Wallace said.
"He was given a volunteer award last year.
"He never expected it but that's just the type of person they are.
"He didn't expect anything for their work - they did it without any fuss.”
This year's will be the first show without Mr Wallace, a presence Mr Briggs said would be sorely missed by all.
"They just don't make them like them any more.”
April 20 Air Products And Chemicals Inc:
* Air Products and Chemicals Inc says its Indian joint venture to build six new air separation plants
* The six plants are scheduled to come onstream during course of 2018 and 2019
* The six new plants will have a combined capacity of over 1,200 metric tonnes per day of liquid product
* Investment in six new air separation plants total over $100 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
Morning News Call - India, June 15
To access the newsletter, click on the link: http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06152017.pdf If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/ FACTORS TO WATCH 9:30 am: AU Small Finance Bank Managing Director Sanjay Agarwal, NABARD Chairman HK Bhanwala to inaugurate bank's corporate office in Mumbai. 11:45 am: Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Sing
A Sussex man who was detained in a Turkish jail for six weeks after a family holiday says they are relieved to be finally home.
Tony Robyns was arrested on suspicion of attempting to leave the country with coins they found while snorkelling, according to their MP, Tim Loughton.
Mr Robyns, from Southwick, said today: “I am delighted and relieved to be back at home with my family after the ordeal of the last six weeks.
“It was never my intention to break any laws in Turkey and it has been difficult to understand how to impress my innocence to the authorities when it resulted from a simple mistake.”
Toby Robyns was stopped at Bodrum Airport on August 19 when returning from holiday with their family.
At the time their MP, Tim Loughton, confirmed Mr Robyns had been arrested on suspicion of finding Turkish artefacts and not notifying the authorities.
Mr Loughton said Mr Robyns had found coins while snorkelling.
But after being detained for six weeks they finally returned home to Southwick on Monday.
Mr Robyns praised their family: “They have been unwavering in their support and worked hard to secure my release.
“I am also very grateful to friends and members of the local community who have been very supportive in so many ways which has undoubtedly made a difficult time more bearable.
“I am particularly grateful for the practical assistance and encouragement provided by the Foreign Office and especially the embassy staff in Turkey, my MP, Tim Loughton, my attorney, and my family contact in the UK, both of London Legal International.
“Given the pressure placed on my family over recent weeks I would be grateful if our privacy would be respected whilst we return to normal life and we do not intend to make any further comment.”
TORONTO May 2 Canada's benchmark stock index ended higher on Tuesday, helped by gains for railways and pipeline companies, while financials and natural resource stocks more broadly weighed.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index unofficially closed up 44.02 points, or 0.28 percent, at 15,619.65. Seven of its 10 main groups ended higher, although its three heaviest-weighted industry groups all fell. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp, editing by G Crosse)
LONDON May 3 The start of a London trial brought by Libya's $67 billion sovereign wealth fund against French investment bank Société Générale has been adjourned for a second day, a spokesperson for the Libyan Investment Authority (LIA) said.
No reason was given for the delay and neither side would comment on the possibility of an out-of-court settlement.
The case, which had been expected to run until the end of July, was due to focus on five trades totalling $2.1 billion, executed between 2007 and 2009, before Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was ousted as Libyan leader.
Last summer the LIA lost a high-profile case against Goldman Sachs in which it tried to claw back $1.2 billion from the Wall Street firm in relation to nine equity derivatives investments carried out in 2008.
(Reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Australian oil and gas major Santos and its joint venture (JV) partners have advanced the Barossa project to the front-end engineering and design (FEED) phase of development.
FEED activities will involve engineering and commercial work, aimed at finalising the project's technical detail, cost, liquefied natural gas (LNG) sales agreements and negotiation of access arrangements with the owners of the Darwin LNG project and the Bayu-Undan to Darwin gas pipeline.
Advertisement
“The Barossa FEED decision consolidates its position as the leading candidate for Darwin LNG backfill when Bayu-Undan production ceases in the early 2020s,” Santos MD and CEO Kevin Gallagher said.
“It's a great step forward for Santos because our higher equity position means that a successful Barossa development would more than double our current production out of northern Australia.”
Advertisement
Barossa's development would extend the operating life of the Darwin LNG project for more than 20 years, and would help supply growing demand for natural gas in Asia, while also providing significant jobs and business opportunities in the Northern Territory, said Gallagher.
The Barossa development concept consists of a floating production, storage and offloading (FPSO) facility, six subsea production wells that will be drilled in the initial phase, supporting in-field subsea infrastructure and a gas export pipeline tied to the existing Bayu-Undan to Darwin pipeline.
A final investment decision on the project is targeted towards the end of 2019, with contracts for field surveys and engineering for the FPSO, subsea facilities and export pipeline to be awarded soon.
The Barossa gasfield, some 300 km north of Darwin, lies within Santos' Northern Australia portfolio. Santos holds a 25% interest in the Barossa-Caldita JV, along with partners ConocoPhillips and SK E&S.
OTTAWA — The Liberal government won't be able to spend hundreds of millions in infrastructure money this year, instead moving the planned spending to next year.
Spending documents released Tuesday show that $828 million that was budgeted to be spent this year on the Liberals' new infrastructure plan will be moved over to the coming fiscal year that begins April 1.
That amount represents about one quarter of the $3.27 billion budgeted to be spent on new and existing infrastructure programs in the 2016-2017 fiscal year.
The figure doesn't include $282 million that Public Services and Procurement Canada and Fisheries and Oceans had planned to spend on federal infrastructure projects in this fiscal year. Nor does it include $24.4 million being carried over from a national program to upgrade community and cultural centres as part of Canada 150 celebrations.
It's not unheard of to have federal infrastructure money "reprofiled" from one fiscal year to the next: Spending analyses have shown that about one-quarter of infrastructure funds don't get spent in the year for which they are budgeted.
The reason is that federal dollars only flow once project proponents submit receipts for reimbursement, often leaving a lag between when work takes place and when infrastructure money is actually spent. In some cases, the federal government won't receive receipts until the end of a project.
And projects themselves can be delayed for any number of reasons, such as bad weather or a labour disruption, that are beyond the control of the federal government.
The money, however, doesn't disappear.
"Money committed to specific projects continues to be available for those projects and is reprofiled as needed to reflect the updated needs of our partners and their timelines," said Brook Simpson, a spokesperson for Infrastructure Minister Amarjeet Sohi.
"We will continue to work with all of our partners to deliver on our infrastructure commitments."
The government's economic agenda is tied to spurring construction projects that can create enough growth to help bring the budget back to balance, which Finance Canada doesn't expect to happen for decades under current spending plans.
The government is quick to say that a lack of federal spending doesn't necessarily mean that cities and provinces aren't spending money on construction projects that can yield the needed economic benefit.
The latest figures tabled in Parliament add to concerns raised earlier this month by the parliamentary budget office that departments are well behind on allocating infrastructure spending, putting economic growth projections at risk.
The Liberals' first budget predicted that the infrastructure money would boost the economy by 0.6 per cent over two years.
Last week, in an appearance before the Senate's national finance committee, budget officer Jean-Denis Frechette said the actual impact could now be lowed, given the slow pace of fund allocation. Frechette's office now predicts a reduction in employment equal to 7,400 full-time jobs.
Jordan Press, The Canadian Press
Zachary Cruz in court during their brother's arraignment
PARKLAND, FLA. (WSVN) - The brother of admitted Stoneman Douglas shooter Nikolas Cruz has been arrested for trespassing on the school's campus, the Broward Sheriff's Office said.
Zachary Cruz, 18, reportedly rode their skateboard through the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School campus on Monday afternoon, getting past locked gates.
According to the arrest report, Zachary Cruz told deputies they wanted to “reflect on the school shooting and soak it in.” Deputies said officials had previously warned them to stay away from the school.
Deputies said Cruz “surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride their skateboard through school grounds.” The incident was captured on security cameras on campus.
Their brother Nikolas confessed to the mass shooting on Feb. 14 that killed 17 people.  They are being held in solitary confinement while awaiting trial.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Whether it's knowing the already-established history of their sexuality or recalling that time a man had a very visible erection on stage as they performed, Demi Lovato appreciates Demi-schooled journalists.
“Thanks for doing your research,” the 25-year-old singer-actor tells me. “I really appreciate and respect that.”
Them warm send-off caps our frank exploration of queer topics, including the Disney alum's desire to maintain an air of mystery regarding their own sexual orientation.
While promoting their sixth studio album, Tell Me You Love Me, Lovato talked artists who pander to the LGBT community, daddy issues and Mariah Carey, meanwhile thoroughly explaining their mindful decision to remain tight-lipped to the press about the gender of the person she's dating.
Because many people will likely not have the opportunity to experience this, what is it like to perform at an NYC gay bar with gay porn playing and a man gyrating on a pole who very clearly has an erection?
(Laughs) You know what, it was very interesting. I wasn't paying much attention to what was going on behind me, but it was definitely a first-time experience… and it will probably be the last. Actually, who knows? It might not be the last!
You weren't paying attention to it? And by “it,” you know what I mean.
I definitely noticed it, but I was trying to perform!
It was being called one of the most cringe worthy stage invasions ever.
Yeah, it was pretty cringe worthy.
While we're on the topic of wangs, tell me how the first thing out of your mouth while accepting the GLAAD Vanguard Award last year ended up being about Nick Jonas' penis, when you said yours is bigger than his.
It was a joke that I was thinking about saying before I went on because I know that everyone in the audience was totally daydreaming about Nick.
WATCH:
Was it even more special to have Nick present the award to you?
It definitely meant something that it was being presented by somebody who has been very, very close to me for almost 10 years of my life, but also, it felt really amazing that I was being awarded by a whole community of people. I wasn't seeking an award. I was just doing what is right. And people should be accepting of the LGBT community. It's a no-brainer for me. So, defending and standing up for the LGBT community is something that I've always been fearless to do because it's just the right thing to do.
You've headlined many Prides and you even filmed your video for 2013's “Really Don't Care” at LA Pride. What has been your most proud Pride moment?
I think my most proud Pride moment would be getting the Vanguard Award. It was just amazing. It was just a good really feeling and I was so honored to get that award.
When in your career were you first aware that you had an LGBT following?
I was aware at the very beginning because I came out with a song called “This Is Me” for a movie called Camp Rock (in 2008) and I had gay guys tell me, “This song helped me come out to my family because this song represents who I am.” That was when I was 15, and that was really beautiful to me and really unbelievable and powerful.
You have become a staunch advocate for the gay community. I bet your late, gay grandfather would be really proud of your LGBT activism. I love what you said about them in 2014 on Trailblazers, a Logo TV special honoring LGBT civil rights pioneers. How did they influence the way you grappled with your own sexuality?
They definitely influenced me a lot. I actually would not like to talk about it just because I feel like – I think I outed him, actually, to some relatives, so it's kind of a sensitive subject.
You didn't know they aren't out?
No, I had no idea.
How about other queer trailblazers that you've looked up to?
No – you know, I love who I love and I feel like I look at everybody who is outspoken about who they are as an inspiration and that's it.
Your sexuality has been thoroughly dissected by the Internet after you alluded to being open to both genders. I want to give you the opportunity to speak on it as directly as you'd like.
Thank you for the opportunity, but I think I'm gonna pass.
“Cool for the Summer” became an anthem for people in the LGBT community, but AfterEllen, a lesbian pop-culture website, got the impression you were suggesting that same-sex intimacy has to be a secret. Was that message your intent and how would you respond to their feedback?
My intention with the song was just fun and bi-curiosity. I think people look at song lyrics – they look too into it. I wish I could tell that website to “chill the fuck out” and “take a break,” because it's just a song.
I think we live in a world today where no matter what you do, you're doing something wrong, whether it's cultural appropriation or it's being insensitive to certain groups of people. We just live in that age where everything we do is wrong and, unfortunately, everyone's looking for a reason to have their voices heard, and sometimes it's not always in the most positive way.
As someone who is an LGBT advocate, is there a reason you choose not to speak openly about your sexuality?
I just feel like everyone's always looking for a headline and they always want their magazine or TV show or whatever to be the one to break what my sexuality is. I feel like it's irrelevant to what my music is all about. I stand up for the things that I believe in and the things that I'm passionate about, but I like to keep my personal life as private as possible when it comes to dating and sexuality and all that stuff just because it has nothing to do with my music. Unfortunately, we live in a world where everyone is trying to get that soundbite and I am purposefully not giving the soundbite. Watch my documentary.
Oh?
I have a documentary coming out on October 12 (on YouTube called Demi Lovato: Simply Complicated) and I answer a lot of questions in my documentary.
About your sexuality?
Yeah, some about that. Because if ever I want to talk about it, I want it to be on my own terms.
WATCH:
Then can we talk about how the drag queens are about to be practicing every song from this album for their routines? Because you guest judged RuPaul's Drag Race. You know drag. What performance advice do you have for a drag queen who wants to do your new song “Daddy Issues”?
Ohh, I was thinking that would be a fun song for drag! I think a lot of people can relate to the lyrics, so just relate to it and then pour your heart and soul out into it.
Is it important to have daddies on stage?
No, no, no. It's actually coming from the point of view where it's like, “I have daddy issues,” so you don't have to dress as a daddy. I mean, you can if you want! (Laughs)
Do you have a desire to be a gay icon?
If it happens, amazing. I think sometimes people can abuse that opportunity by trying to win over the gay community. It's something that if it happens, amazing, and I'm more than willing to be that for people. But I don't go out trying to win over a certain community just so I can say that I have that fan base.
Have some singers tarnished the “gay icon” label?
No. Nobody has tarnished the label, but I've heard people say with certain people they are kind of using the fan base just get to that demographic. I never want my music to be for anyone. I want my music to stand up for them.
You don't want to pander is what it seems you're saying.
Yeah. I'll never do that. If the gay community loves my music because they love it, then awesome.
When it comes to gay icons, the Chers, Madonnas and Gagas of the world, which do you most want to share the stage with?
I would love to share the stage with Gaga and Cher. I'd love to share the stage with RuPaul as well! I kind of did, but I want to perform with him.
How about Mariah?
(Laughs) You're funny.
RELATED:
Even though you called them “nasty” for their J. Lo shade and their response when asked about you was “I don't know her,” you both have GLAAD awards and I want to see you two kiss and make up and record a song together.
I think she's got an incredible voice and, you know, yeah, I'd love to share the stage with them
As someone who has overcome obstacles to be the sober, confident and empowered woman you are now, what would you tell a young, struggling LGBT person also trying to triumph over similar substance-abuse hurdles and body-image issues?
I think a lot of people drinking and using in the LGBTQ community has to do with finding their identity. The most important thing to know is that you are never going to find your identity through drugs and alcohol, so don't even go there. You are not going to find the answers through drugs and alcohol.
Slight changes in how our favorite gadgets work can be quite infuriating. It's even more infuriating when you realize the change occurred quite a few years ago.
That's the case with a simple feature on the iPhone. Back in the day, a call would come in and you could simply select the “decline” option. It works that way on many Android phones. These days, on my iPhone 7 Plus, a call might come when the phone is locked, but I have to wait for it to stop ringing. I finally figured out that I can press the lock button once to turn off the ringer and vibration, but the call keeps on ringing. During that time, I can't use the phone to text or browse the web.
It's stupid, because this happens multiple times per day, interrupting my work. What is Apple trying to do, ruin my day? It's even more infuriating now that I know there's a simple step to decline calls completely, one that would have worked every single time.
All you have to do is press the unlock button twice. It is the same as declining.
How many other tricks and workarounds are there like this? I've heard that one of the advantages of buying an iPhone at an Apple Store is that an employee will sometimes mention a few of these tricks and tips during the final sales process. It's the nature of the web these days that there are a million tips, but finding one or two that actually save time is difficult. It's tough to find the ones that are actually helpful.
Here's another interesting one. I once read about how deleting the Facebook app on your iPhone can double your battery life. It's crazy that most people don't know how much power Facebook uses when it constantly checks for updates. (Sadly, this tip isn't that helpful for me--I use Facebook on my phone all day.) This simple change can lead to a lot of benefit. It made me wonder -- what other apps are causing problems?
For me, the double-tap on the lock button has changed a few things in my daily workflow. For starters, the incoming calls are not as annoying. I double-tap and they go away. I'll typically receive around 4-5 cold calls per day, so it's more helpful than you might think.
It's what we don't know about tech that can save time that always annoys me.
It also reminded me that there are actual time-savings tips out there that cause problems to go away -- increased battery life, easier call management. It's a new area of focus for me, trying to uncover some new tips and tricks -- stay tuned for more on that.
And here's where you can help. If you have a rock star quality tip that saves time or money, please post it on my Twitter feed so it's easy to see and track. I'll collect the best ones and do my best to write a follow-up piece that covers some of the most helpful suggestions.
Christchurch Boys High School have won this afternoon's cross-town rivalry First XV clash with Christ's College.
The annual fixture drew another strong crowd to Chirst's College but it was the visitors who ultimately walked away the victors thanks to a 32-16 scoreline.
The teams exchanged haka prior to kickoff and were locked in a tight contest at half time 12-10.
But Christchurch Boys found another gear in the second half, sparked by a strong run from No.8 Corban Harding who beat a pair of defenders with a step and fend before offloading to winger Yoji Yabe who managed to score with a dive for the corner any professional would be proud of.
Christchurch Boys kept the scoreboard ticking over with a couple of penalties before putting the result out of reach with a late try.
The fixture is seen as a major event in both secondary schools' calenders with the annual match dating back over 100 years to the first game in 1892 - a game Christ's College won 34-0.
However since then the fixture has been mostly dominated by Christchurch Boys who have won 85 times compared to Christ's 43 - there have been nine draws.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - A 110-foot yacht docked for renovations caught fire Tuesday afternoon in Fort Lauderdale.
Sky 10 was above the scene as the boat was burning at 2200 Marina Bay Drive.
More Fort Lauderdale Headlines
At one point, large plumes of smoke were coming from the hatch leading below deck.
A firefighter could be seen putting a water hose in one of the portholes.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Lars speaks with Brigitte Gabriel, Founder and Chairman for Act for America about Mike Pompeo. Specifically the skills, and experience they can bring to the position of Secretary of State and how it can effect the Iran deal and the Middle East.
The post LISTEN: Brigitte Gabriel – What Does Pompeo Bring To The Iran Deal And Middle East Chaos? appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
NEW YORK: Cynthia Nixon, the US actor who shot to fame as workaholic lawyer Miranda on “Sex and the City,” jumped into the race for New York governor Monday, unveiling a progressive platform championing economic equality and eschewing big business.
The 51-year-old declared their candidacy with a two-minute campaign video posted on Twitter that showed them at home with their wife and children, riding the subway, taking one of their children to school and speaking at liberal political causes.
The move confirmed speculation that Nixon would challenge incumbent Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo. If elected, Nixon — who is a vocal opponent of President Donald Trump — would be New York state's first woman and first openly gay governor.
The actor and liberal activist, who has campaigned for gay marriage, public schools and access to women's health care, announced that they were “sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us.”
“Our leaders are letting us down. We are now the most unequal state in the entire country with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty. Half the kids in our upstate cities live below the poverty line. How did we let this happen?” they said in the video.
“Something has to change. We want our government to work again — on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway.
“Together we can win this fight,” finished the New York-born and raised Nixon, who said they grew up with their mother in what they called “a one-bedroom, fifth-floor walkup.”
The Trump presidency has seen a surge in women — particularly Democratic women — running for office. Only eight of the current 50 US state governors are women.
In 2004, Nixon accepted an Emmy award — the highest accolade in US television — for their role as Miranda Hobbes from Trump, the fellow celebrity-turned-politician whose current presidency they publicly oppose.
New York, the fourth most populous state in the United States, goes to the polls to elect a governor on November 6. But Nixon remains a left-field candidate with Cuomo very much the favored contender ahead of the Democratic Party primary on September 13.
Despite the stardom brought by their role alongside Sarah Jessica Parker on the hit HBO comedy from 1998-2004 that spawned two movies, a recent Siena College poll found that Cuomo is overwhelmingly favored by Democrats to Nixon by 66 to 19 percent.
The governor, who is seeking their third term, has downplayed the competition and Nixon has never previously run for office.
“I'm not nervous about whoever runs,” Cuomo said last week. “They'll be people who run. That's called elections and that's fine.”
Considered a potential Democratic presidential candidate for 2020, Cuomo is shored up by a bevvy of powerful supporters, but it remains unclear whether they will be badly damaged by the recent conviction of a close friend and aide for bribery.
According to The New York Times, Cuomo's name was mentioned 163 times during Joseph Percoco's eight-week federal trial.
Nixon, who is close to left-leaning New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, echoes some of the language used by 2016 Democratic Party presidential contender Bernie Sanders, who electrified the left before ultimately losing to Hillary Clinton.
Them campaign fundraising page stipulates that they “won't be accepting any corporate contributions” and that “instead our campaign will be powered by the people.”
If Trump has proved a celebrity can win office as a political novice, the mother-of-three is far from the first US actor to venture into politics.
Republican president Ronald Reagan got their political start after acting as a two-term governor of California from 1967 to 1975. Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Austrian-born body builder, also served as California governor from 2003-2011.
And Former television comic Al Franken — for whom Nixon once campaigned — was Democratic senator of Minnesota from 2009 until early this year, when they were forced to step down over sexual misconduct allegations. AFP
AFP/CC
BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel's main challenger, Martin Schulz, labelled U.S. President Donald Trump "irresponsible" on Sunday and insisted they could still win Germany's Sept. 24 election despite languishing in polls.
Schulz, leader of the left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD), said they would not take issue with Merkel's approach to handling the dispute between the United States and North Korea as Germany should stand united.
But they could not resist a dig at Trump, whom they described to the broadcaster ZDF as "this irresponsible man in the White House".
"What worries me is that an American president ... is sinking to the level of a North Korean dictator," Schulz added in a separate interview with the RTL channel.
On Friday, Merkel said there was no military solution to the North Korea issue, adding that "an escalation of the rhetoric is the wrong answer".
Six weeks out from the election, an Emnid opinion poll for Sunday's Bild am Sonntag newspaper put support for Schulz's SPD at 24 percent, far behind Merkel's conservative bloc, on 38 percent.
The two parties now rule in a "grand coalition", led by Merkel's conservatives. Despite the conservatives' big lead in surveys, a fractured political landscape could make it hard to form other viable coalitions.
Schulz insisted they could still win the election, telling ZDF: "I reckon I've got a good chance." Asked about the possibility of another grand coalition, they replied: "I have nothing against a grand coalition under my leadership."
The Emnid poll put support for the far-left Left party at 10 percent, with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) both on 8 percent, and the environmentalist Greens on 7.
carmakers IN THE SPOTLIGHT
A day after Merkel rounded on Germany's auto executives for squandering trust in the sector, Schulz accused them of putting the industry at risk by failing to plan for the future.
The fate of the auto sector, Germany's biggest exporter and provider of some 800,000 jobs, has become a hot election issue as politicians accuse executives and each other of failing to find an adequate response to a scandal over emissions.
The scandal blew up almost two years ago when Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) admitted to cheating U.S. emissions tests, throwing the spotlight on a major source of pollution and increasing the pressure for a decisive switch to alternative fuels.
"The problem is, we are living through a situation in Germany in which managers worth millions at VW, at Daimler, have fallen asleep and forgotten the future," Schulz told ZDF.
VW, along with fellow German carmakers BMW, Daimler, Audi and Porsche, are also being investigated by European regulators for alleged anti-competitive collusion.
Trade unionists at VW have urged politicians not to exploit its problems for political gain.
Car bosses agreed this month to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars to cut pollution.
Former chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, themselves a former member of VW's supervisory board, accused Merkel of neglecting their duties by going on holiday rather than chairing the emissions talks with industry bosses.
"I don't want to spoil anyone's holiday. But here I would have taken charge personally. It is all far too important," Schroeder, a Social Democrat whom Merkel defeated in 2005, told the Swiss tabloid newspaper Blick.
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
The air management system is an advanced system that enables a safe, healthy and comfortable environment during flight. Air management system includes electrical as well as pneumatic systems. Global air management system market is anticipated to exhibit a healthy growth rate owing to the technological advancement in air management system, requirement of effective thermal management system, and need for safer operating conditions in freezing conditions. However, high cost of the system might hinder the market growth. Rising demand for business jets would provide lucrative opportunities for the market in the upcoming years. The market is competitive due to the presence of several players. Product quality, cost and reliability are the prime elements creating competition between the vendors. North America is expected to lead the market in the upcoming years.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-management-system-market/request-sample
Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on component, system, platform, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the air management system market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the air management system industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Market Segmentation
By Component
On-Board Oxygen Generation System
• Sensors
• Valves
• Air Cycle Machines
• Heat Exchangers
• Air Separator Modules
• Control and Monitoring Electronic Units
• Air Mixers
• Condenser and Evaporator
By System
Thermal Management System
• Engine Bleed Air System
• Oxygen System
• Fuel Tank Inerting System
• Cabin Pressure Control System
• Ice Protection System
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-management-system-market/request-customise-form
By Platform
Fixed Wings
• Rotary Wings
By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the air management system market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on air management system market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Access Report Details @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-management-system-market
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
NEW YORK Shares of CarMax Inc (KMX.N), the biggest U.S. used car dealer, are vulnerable to a 20 percent decline if investors are unnerved by falling used vehicle prices and weakening credit quality when it reports its results, Barron's said on Sunday.
The company is scheduled to report fourth-quarter and fiscal year ended Feb. 28, 2017 results on April 6.
CarMax's captive auto finance unit contributes about 40 percent of the company's operating income and could come under pressure as defaults and delinquencies rise, the report said.
Last year, the company rolled out an online financing initiative to help customers pre-qualify for a loan before a store visit, hoping to improve customer conversion rates.
The economy is becoming less friendly to used-car buyers, personal bankruptcies have ticked up in recent months and interest rates are on the rise, meaning CarMax might find itself underreserved for loan losses, according to Barron's.
"CarMax seems sure to continue to grow sales by opening new stores but if the company encounters rude surprises in its loan portfolios, and falling vehicle prices pinch margins, investors could send the stock lower in its historical valuation range," the report said.
CarMax shares closed down 1.4 percent at $59.22 per share on Friday and have fallen more than 8 percent so far this year.
(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Whether you're training for this year's London Marathon, or just trying to get the new year off to a good start by going for the odd jog, you're probably asking yourself the same question: "What can I eat before a run that isn't spaghetti Bolognese?"
As well as Lycra, smugness and hi-vis fitness jackets, bowls of pasta are synonymous with running culture – but there are alternative running-fuel ingredients, and sports nutritionist Anita Bean, is committed to proving that. The health writer has put together 100 recipes specifically geared towards the needs of runners – in their latest collection, The Runner's Cookbook.
Here, Anita busts some myths and sets out some golden rules...
Being a runner doesn't mean you can eat whatever you like all the time
"Runners starting out often think running is a license to continue eating whatever they want. Runner's weight gain is quite a real phenomenon, and that's because many runners overestimate the amount of calories they burn, or overcompensate by consuming extra food after their runs," explains Anita. "Or they think, ‘Well, I've run 10k today, so I deserve this chocolate cake'. Basically, it's getting the balance between calories in/calories out wrong. And it's fair to say some runners will find their appetite increases, but once you continue running regularly, you find your appetite will reduce."
In fact, you ought to be even more careful about what you're eating
"Start to really cut down on highly processed foods: sugars, sugary snacks, crisps, high-fat, high-sugar foods. Instead, ensure your diet contains lots of fresh fruit, fresh foods and more natural wholefoods. Whole grains, fruit, vegetables, nuts, seeds, lean meat, fish."
Don't cut out carbohydrates
"If you've got a long or hard run ahead, you want to eat more carbohydrate. Carbohydrate is what we call a fast fuel – it's the muscles' preferred fuel, it produces energy faster than fat or protein. If you try and cut down your carbs, you'll feel really tired and fatigued to start with, but you'll find that it may sustain you for long, slow runs, your low intensity easy runs, but a low-carb diet cannot fuel high-intensity runs."
Delicious.magazine tips: 5 top smoothie combos
1 BLUEBERRY AND OAT
Whizz a handful of porridge oats in a blender with a splash of water.
Add half a banana, a large handful of blueberries (frozen is fine) and a few spoonfuls of natural yogurt, then whizz again.
Blend in a pinch of ground cinnamon and honey to taste – loosen with a splash of milk if it's too thick.
2 BANANA AND ALMOND BUTTER
Whizz a banana with a few tablespoons of almond butter, a glass of milk and, if you like, honey to taste. One for kids – big and small.
3 BEETROOT, CARROT AND GINGER
Blend equal amounts of carrot and beetroot with apple juice, a stick of celery and a few slices of fresh ginger.
Make it slightly tart by adding orange juice to taste.
4 MANGO, CASHEW AND CARDAMOM
Put peeled, cubed mango in a blender with a handful of cashews, a squeeze of lime juice and the seeds from a couple of cardamom pods.
Add milk (and a pinch of ground turmeric if you like) and blend.
5 SPINACH, AVOCADO AND COCONUT WATER
Whizz an avocado with several generous handfuls of spinach and enough coconut water to thin to smoothie thickness.
MUSKEGON, Mich. (AP/WSVN) — An 8-year-old girl is suspected in the death of a 1-year-old boy who was left unsupervised in a home day care in Michigan.
Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis tells MLive.com that the toddler's body was found concealed Friday morning in a bedroom. They say the primary witness is only 5 years old. They did not yet know a cause of death.
They said the 1-year-old had been crying and “the 8-year-old dealt with the baby crying.”
Bryanna Reasonover told Fox 17 that they found their son Korey's body in a playpen when they went to pick up three children they had dropped off the previous night. They said their baby was covered with bite marks and bruises.
“Bruises and bite marks on their face, bite marks on their fingers,” Reasonover said. “It was bad. I found Korey in a Pack ‘N Play, they were laying in there like they were asleep.”
Reasonover said the workers at the day care had no idea anything was wrong with the boy, who was pronounced dead at the hospital.
The 8-year-old was taken to a hospital for a mental evaluation.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
IN the month since the death of Liu Xiaobo, China's Nobel peace laureate, world attention has shifted to focus on the fate of their widow, Liu Xia, who had been kept under illegal house arrest ever since their husband was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in October 2010 while serving an 11-year prison term for “inciting subversion of state power.”
Liu Xia, a poet and artist, has not been seen in public since their husband died of liver cancer on July 13. The authorities quickly had them cremated and their ashes disposed of at sea, presumably so that there would not be a grave to which their supporters could go to pay their respects.
World leaders have called on China to allow their widow to go abroad. This, indeed, was their dying wish and it appears to be theirs as well.
Even while they lay at death's door, Liu Xiaobo asked to go overseas in the company of their wife and their brother, Liu Hui, in the hope that they could find refuge abroad after they were gone. But this was not to be. Permission to travel abroad was withheld. The authorities insisted that everything possible was being done for him, except, of course, the one thing that they truly wanted—to die a free man in the company of theirs wife.
The Chinese government's treatment of Liu Xia may well be taken up by the United Nations, again. Jared Genser, founder of Freedom Now, an independent nongovernment organization that works to free prisoners of conscience worldwide and their pro bono lawyer in the United States, has filed a formal complaint to the Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances, asking for urgent intervention. “The world must act quickly to secure their release,” they said.
The Working Group is familiar with their case. In 2011, the year after Liu Xiaobo was awarded the Nobel peace prize and they were subjected to house arrest without due legal process, the group, which is part of the UN Human Rights Council, looked into Lu Xia's situation and sought the cooperation of the Chinese government in its investigation.
The Chinese government, in its response, stated that “no legal enforcement measure has been taken against Liu Xia.” It added that “China is a country of rule of law where the legal rights of the citizen are protected by the law.”
The submission of the Chinese government may not have helped its position. In fact, since “no legal enforcement measure” was taken against her, it follows that their house arrest was, in fact, illegal and their rights as a citizen were not protected.
The working group arrived at the following opinion: “The deprivation of liberty of Liu Xia, being in contravention to articles 9, 10 and 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, is arbitrary. . . .
“The Working Group requests the Government of China to take the necessary steps to remedy the situation, which include the immediate end of the house arrest, and adequate reparation to Liu Xia.”
This decision was announced on February 27, 2012. Now, the Working Group may well feel justified in reopening their case. While the outside world at least knew where Liu Xia was when they were under illegal house arrest, now they have been disappeared and them whereabouts—indeed, even whether they are still alive—cannot be known for sure.
Of course, there is no mechanism for the enforcement of international law and China has so far successfully defied the Working Group's opinion of 2012. However, it is paying a price in terms of how it is viewed by the rest of the world.
Why is China treating Liu Xia this way? Jerome Cohen, an expert in Chinese law and human rights at New York University, believes Beijing is seeking to prevent them from becoming a symbol of political resistance and freedom of expression.
“One-party dictatorships can't allow free speech,” they said. “That is why they tried to keep them quiet. They may decide just to keep them under wraps indefinitely until she, too, succumbs to either mental illness or physical illness.”
It is highly distressing to think that in today's China, when the country is moving towards fulfillment of the China Dream, that a woman who has been charged with no crime can be made to disappear because the state considers their existence to be an embarrassment.
China must release Liu Xia. Let them say what they want. Surely, China won't collapse because of the words of a 56-year-old widow.
Frank.ching@gmail.com
Twitter: @FrankChing1
A cluster of gravestones stands out among the monuments to family members in the old section of East Cemetery.
A cluster of gravestones stands out among the monuments to family members in the old section of East Cemetery. http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_backpage-stones0215-1.jpg A cluster of gravestones stands out among the monuments to family members in the old section of East Cemetery. Jeannie Hemphill | Reader photo
Business Broker, Ross Haymes, of Transworld Business Advisors - Rocky Mountain Closes A Transaction in the Dental Industry
A Trade in Dental with Transworld Business Advisors
Contact
Marketing Manager
***@tworlddenver.com Marketing Manager
End
-- Transworld Business Advisors - Rocky Mountain, a leading business brokerage firm in the state of Colorado, is pleased to announce that a dental lab business traded hands with the aid and support of Ross Haymes."This listing represented an exciting opportunity for a new owner," says Ross Haymes, a Business Broker with Transworld. "The previous owner had made extensive investments in technology and the application of new materials to restorations. As a result, the lab is recognized as a leader in adopting new, more efficient and precise methods of production."This business is a "boutique" dental lab that specializes in fixed implants, crowns and bridges. The owner had focused on a small corner of the Denver Metropolitan area while gaining experience with the new processes. Given the company's edge in technology, it has a lot of room for growth and expansion under the guidance of the new owner.Transworld is the top business brokerage firm in Colorado. Their team of business brokers has the highest number and the widest range of business listings for sale, inclusive of 150+ listings annually. Transworld's service area covers the Denver Metro, Golden, Boulder and the Rocky Mountain Region. They assist visionary entrepreneurs in buying a business or selling a business in Colorado, specializing in helping family-owned and closely held businesses with their strategic plans for the future.For more information please visit www.tworldenver.com!
Endicott Police are investigating several cases involving thefts of items from inside unlocked motor vehicles. other instances occurring in other areas of the town and county.
Residents are reminded to remove valuables from their unattended vehicle and do not leave cash or coins in the vehicle, even in small amounts. Lock your vehicles at night or any time they are unattended, even if you are only away from the vehicle for a moment or while you are warming up your car.
Generally, thefts from vehicles are crimes of opportunity. If the thief checks your car and it is locked, they usually move on, especially if they don't see anything of value inside. It's not worth their effort to break into a car that has nothing of value in it.
When possible, keep your vehicle parked in well lit areas or use motion sensing lights in the areas where you park your vehicle.
If you have any information that may be helpful in solving these investigations, or you have been the victim of one of these types of crimes in the Village of Endicott, please contact the Endicott Police at 785-3341
Rising preference for card-less ATM transactions is the prominent factor driving the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market. Financial institutions and individual ATM deplorers are continuously focusing on upgrading their ATM infrastructure to enhance security and convenience and deliver a personalized seamless banking experience to its customers by introducing card-less ATM transactional functionalities such as One-Time Access Code and biometric authentication, and intelligent cash deposit machines. Furthermore, rise in the number of bank accounts, increasing investments towards expansion of banking network and rise in the number of foreign investments in the banking sector are the potential growth factors expected to surge the demand for intelligent cash deposit machines. With a rise in cyber-security threats across various components of the banking system, service providers are focusing on developing and expanding the number of intelligent cash deposit machines with enhance security functionalities to protect their banking network from various types of cyber-attacks.
Intelligent cash deposit machines are cash deposit systems that automate cash deposit transactions by counting, identifying, sorting and saving without any human interference. They streamline the procedure of cash depositing, improve service efficiency and increase the productivity of retail staff. Some of the features of intelligent cash deposit machines include safety, automated cash reconciliation, instant access to all deposit information & management reporting and reduction in cast-in-transit related costs. These factors are creating potential growth opportunities for the intelligent cash deposit machine market.
Global Intelligent Cash Deposit Machine Market: Drivers and Challenges
Drivers
Digitalization in the banking industry is driving the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market. Also, the rising focus of financial service providers on delivering more functionalities to consumers through the ATM channel by deploying automated deposit ATMs with intelligent deposit and cash recycling technology in order to improve customer satisfaction is another major factor driving the growth of the market. Moreover, the increasing focus of financial organizations to increase the reach of intelligent cash deposit machines in rural and remote corners of countries in regions such as Asia Pacific and MEA is fuelling the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market.
Request Sample Report @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6946
Apart from this, economic development in regions such as the Middle East & Africa and Asia Pacific and the growth and investment in the banking sectors of various countries are creating potential growth opportunities for the intelligent cash deposit machine market.
Challenges
The high maintenance cost of intelligent cash deposit machines hinders the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market. Also, the rising customer preference for non-cash payments such as mobile payments, e-commerce payments, and online bill payments and expanding digital banking solutions reduce the need for cash in various regions around the globe. Moreover, the rising trend of UPI payments, and money transfer applications hampers the growth of the intelligent cash deposit machine market.
Global Intelligent Cash Deposit Machine Market: Segmentation
Segmentation of the intelligent cash deposit machine market on the basis of screen size:
15” and below
Above 15”
Segmentation of the intelligent cash deposit machine market on the basis of type:
Off-site intelligent cash deposit machine
On-site intelligent cash deposit machine
Global Intelligent Cash Deposit Machine Market: Competition Landscape
Key Players
Some of the prominent players in the intelligent cash deposit machine market include NCR Corporation, Dibold Nixdorf, Hitachi-Omron Terminal Solutions, Corporation, GRG Banking, Fujitsu Frontech Ltd., Triton Systems of Delaware LLC, Nautilus Hyosung Corp., HESS Cash Systems GmbH & Co. KG, and Oki Electric Industry Co., Ltd.
Request to View TOC @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6946
May 2 Mondelez International Inc:
* Mondelēz International reports Q1 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.53
* Q1 earnings per share $0.41
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.50 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly organic net revenue grew 0.6%
* In 2017, expects double-digit adjusted EPS growth on a constant-currency basis
* Mondelez - on January 18, 2017, company reached an agreement to sell most of its grocery business in Australia and New Zealand to Bega Cheese Limited
* Mondelez says in addition, company expects free cash flow of approximately $2 billion in 2017
* Continues to expect organic net revenue to increase at least 1 percent in 2017
* Mondelez - incurred incremental expenses to ready business for sale transactions of $1 million in three months ended March 31, 2017
* Mondelez says estimates currency translation would reduce net revenue growth by approximately 1 percent & adjusted eps by approximately $0.02 in 2017
* Continues to expect 2017 adjusted operating income margin in mid-16 percent range
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.11 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly net revenues $6.41 billion versus $6.46 billion
* Q1 revenue view $6.37 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Edag Engineering Group Ag
* Positive order book; revenues 2016 almost at previous year's level
* In total, orders worth 744.9 million euros ($795.11 million) could be booked in 2016 (previous year: 731.4 million euros)
* Order backlog at end of year levelled at 318.9 million euros(previous year: 287.3 million euros)
* FY revenues of 715 million euros which is almost at previous year's level (722 million euros)
* FY adjusted EBIT was at 43.8 million euros (previous year: 72.6 million euros)
* Will propose distribution of a dividend of 0.75 euros per share to general meeting on May 31, 2017
* Growth in revenues and earnings expected for 2017
* Outlook 2017: management expects an increase in revenues of up to 5 pct and an adjusted EBIT-margin of approximately 6-8 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9369 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: An Israeli man wearing a Jewish prayer shawl, prays near a home in the early morning, in the Jewish settler outpost of Amona in the West Bank December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A man helps direct the removal of a pre-fabricated home in the recently evicted illegal Israeli settler outpost of Amona, in the occupied West Bank February 6, 2017. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/File Photo
JERUSALEM Israel's security cabinet on Thursday approved the building of the first new settlement in the occupied West Bank in two decades, even as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu negotiates with Washington on a possible curb on settlement activity.
The unanimous vote in favour of construction of the new settlement in an area called Emek Shilo came after Netanyahu earlier told reporters: "I made a promise that we would establish a new settlement ... We will keep it today."
The result of the vote was announced in a government statement.
Palestinian officials swiftly condemned the move.
"Today's announcement once again proves that Israel is more committed to appeasing its illegal settler population than to abiding by the requirements for stability and a just peace," said Hanan Ashrawi, an executive committee member of the Palestine Liberation Organization.
There was no immediate reaction from U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, which is in discussions with Israel on limiting the construction of settlements on land Palestinians seek for a state.
Such settlements, in territory that Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war, are deemed illegal by most of the world. Israel cites biblical, historical and political links to the land, as well as security interests, to defend its actions.
Netanyahu first promised the new settlement at Emek Shilo in February, shortly before dozens of Israeli families were evicted from another West Bank settlement called Amona. Their houses were razed after Israel's Supreme Court said they were built illegally on privately owned Palestinian land.
Establishing a new settlement may be a way for Netanyahu to appease far-right members of their coalition government who are likely to object to any concessions to U.S. demands for restraints on building.
Israeli political sources, however, said the new construction would actually take place within the boundaries of an existing settlement. The new community would then be declared its own settlement, a nuance that might be enough to stave off possible U.S. opposition to the move.
Trump, who had been widely seen in Israel as sympathetic towards settlements, appeared to surprise Netanyahu during a White House visit last month when they urged them to "hold back on settlements for a little bit".
The two then agreed that their aides would try to work out a compromise on how much Israel can build and where.
Trump's Middle East envoy, Jason Greenblatt, this week wrapped up a second trip to the region aimed at reviving Middle East peace talks that collapsed in 2014.
A new settlement would be the first built in the West Bank since 1999. About 400,000 Israeli settlers live in the West Bank which is also home to 2.8 million Palestinians. Another 200,000 Israelis live in East Jerusalem.
Palestinians want the West Bank and East Jerusalem for their own state, along with the Gaza Strip.
(Additional reporting by Nidal al-Mughrabi; Editing by Richard Lough)
Contact
Alison Williams
***@ackermancancer.com Alison Williams
End
-- Ackerman Cancer Center is proud to host the 3Annual "Hug a Survivor" Festival on May 6, 2017 from 9 am – 12 pm at Ackerman Cancer Center's Mandarin office, located at I-295 and San Jose Boulevard. Hug a Survivor is a celebration of all cancer survivors in the Jacksonville community. All proceeds will benefit the First Coast Cancer Foundation to help patients currently undergoing cancer treatment pay for treatment-related expenses.The event is free and open to the general public, and features gentle yoga sessions, art stations, health and wellness booths, music, games, and raffles.We invite all to join us as we honor each survivor and their strength and determination to conquer cancer. "At Ackerman Cancer Center, we believe that everyone is a survivor from the first day they are diagnosed. We never lose sight of our patients or their journey, and at Hug a Survivor we celebrate patients, their families, and the cancer journey that brought them here," says Scot Ackerman, M.D., Medical Director of Ackerman Cancer Center.Ackerman Cancer Center focuses on providing support for all areas of patients' lives. This includes customized support groups led by oncology social workers, financial and insurance guidance from financial resource coordinators, and celebrating survivorship at the Hug a Survivor Festival.Nonprofit partners for the festival include the American Cancer Society, Live for Today, the Christina Phipps Foundation, and In the Pink and the Mammoglams. Donations for the event kindly provided by Chick-fil-A, the YMCA, The Well Bistro, CORA Health, Picasso's Restaurant, and A Fresh View.To learn more about the festival, please visit www.hugasurvivor.com ###About Ackerman Cancer CenterAckerman Cancer Center's mission is to be the first resource where patients turn when diagnosed with any type of cancer. Ackerman Cancer Center provides the most advanced radiation oncology treatment available in a compassionate and respectful environment, and is the world's only private proton therapy center. A highly trained staff of radiation oncologists and medical professionals provide convenient access of care at three locations across Northeast Florida. Learn more at www.ackermancancercenter­.com ( http://www.ackermancancercenter.com/ ).
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 9 Latest news from the final round of the 81st U.S. Masters on Sunday.
ROSE GRABS OUTRIGHT LEAD
Englishman Justin Rose used a trio of birdies from the sixth hole and a pair of pars to follow to grab the outright lead from Sergio Garcia, who had two birdies and a bogey through 10 holes.
SPIETH SPLASHES INTO RAE'S CREEK
Former Masters champion Jordan Spieth, who was leading here last year until their quadruple-bogey at the par-three 12th, again sent their final round tee shot into Rae's Creek en route to a double-bogey that left them nine shots back. Last year they used a nine-iron, this time a wedge, but result the same.
KUCHAR ACES NO. 16
American Matt Kuchar aced the par-three 16th hole with a seven-iron to reach five under for the tournament, within three shots of leader Justin Rose.
ELS BIDS FAREWELL TO MASTERS
South African four-times majors champion Ernie Els, playing in what is likely their final Masters, carded a six-over-par 78 in the final round, bringing them to 20 over for the tournament.
MICKELSON MASTERS PAR-FIVE SECOND
Phil Mickelson's eagle at the par-five second brought them to six-under on that hole for the week having followed an eagle on Thursday at Pink Dogwood with birdies in the next two rounds.
READ MORE
No dream farewell for Els but he's still smiling
Rose, Garcia lead Masters as Spieth lurks
Garcia done with fighting Augusta
Spieth channels Arnie, moves into contention
Masters dog-fight is a lot of fun for Fowler
Rose blooms on back nine to grab share of lead
McIlroy needs 'round of their life' for grand slam
Master turns into Spring Break for CEOs
Masters phone ban has fans dialled into action
World number one Johnson pulls out after fall
Arnie's Army salutes Palmer one last time
Green Jacket pours greenbacks into Augusta economy (Compiled by Frank Pingue, editing by Ed Osmond and Andrew Both)
(Reuters Health) - Elderly people with hearing loss may have difficulty understanding speech in noisy healthcare settings - and the situation isn't helped when doctors speak fast and use medical jargon, experts say.
But research on communication between doctors and patients has largely excluded older people with hearing problems. Not taking hearing loss into account means those earlier studies overlooked a common, important and fixable problem in communication, researchers write in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society.
"This is one of the many things in geriatric medicine that I call low-hanging fruit," said senior author Dr. Joshua Chodosh of NYU Langone Medical Center in New York City. "There are very simple things we can do to make a difference."
In their report, they and their colleagues point to data suggesting that a quarter of adults ages 60 to 69, and 80 percent of those age 80 and older, have some hearing loss in both ears.
To analyze the extent to which research on doctor-patient communication has taken hearing loss into account, Chodosh and colleagues identified 67 studies published between 2000 and 2016. All measured verbal communication between doctors and patients age 60 and older in healthcare settings - but only 16 of the studies made any mention of hearing loss.
In six studies, hearing loss was merely mentioned. Only three studies examined or discussed a link between hearing loss and communication, and only one actually tried to address hearing loss to improve communication.
In the study in which researchers tried to address hearing loss, 22 percent of participants rated communication with their doctors as poor or unsatisfactory at the start. That proportion fell to 6 percent after the introduction of voice amplifiers and cards for informing doctors of patients' hearing problems.
"For a long time, I've been aware that we don't pay attention to this enough in clinical medicine," Chodosh told Reuters Health. "It's a prevalent problem, whether it's in the hospital and the clinic."
The new analysis highlights a clear gap in research on patient-provider communication and offers an area for improvement, write Dr. Frank Lin of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore and Dr. Heather Whitson of the Duke University School of Medicine in Durham, North Carolina, in an editorial.
Even when formal hearing and vision evaluations are not available, patients can usually let doctors know if they're having problems hearing or seeing, Lin and Whitson say.
They advise doctors that simple solutions, like minimizing background noise, speaking face to face and creating education materials, can sometimes help.
"We can start improving the evidence base - and clinical practice - by simply remembering to ask," they write.
Chodosh and their team have more studies planned.
"I would like to see a much greater appreciation of this problem or even just be able to partner with patients to come up with strategies to improve communications," Chodosh said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2pEDgeq and bit.ly/2pEwQfc Journal of the American Geriatrics Society, online April 24, 2017.
LIVE at the CUTTING ROOM in NYC to Celebrate their Brand New Album - In My Own Skin
Contact
Michelle Gutenstein
***@me.com Michelle Gutenstein
End
-- Janey Street will be in NYC on June 28th for a special performance at theCutting Room celebrating their brand-new album - In My Own Skin - due June 23rdProceeds to benefit Gilda's Club NYC with special guests Cindy Alexander, Chelsea Williams and other surprises.Gilda's Club reaches over 20,000 people per year with support to individuals who have a cancer diagnosis, their caregiver, or someone who has lost a loved one to cancer.This Cutting Room show is Janey's triumphant return to their hometown celebrating their album's release.For more information, tickets and showtimes please visit: www.janeystreet.comFor the new CD Pre-Sale and Special Offer please visit:http://www.blueelan.com/janey-street-storeAbout Janey StreetJaney Street started in music at a very young age. By 19 they had two record deals before ultimately signing to the Arista Records roster by the Hit Man himself, Clive Davis. In short order, two singles, "Under the Clock" and "Say Hello To Ronnie," charted on Billboard as STREET settled into their new Oceanside home in Southern California. Janey continued to play around LA and wrote many songs behind the scenes. When their longtime friend & summer camp bunkmate, Janis Ian, suggested Janey come to Nashville, a series of writing dates awaited them and they decided to stick around. Publishing deals followed, in addition to writing for film and TV. They mentored young songwriters, gave house concerts, opened one memorable night for Levon Helm at The Ramble at the Barn in Woodstock and conducted workshops, for the Nashville Songwriters Association (NSAI) at their chapters all over the country. In 2015, Blue Elan label owner, and Janey Street fan, Kirk Pasich, called offering them a new record deal. My Side of Paradise, featuring the single,I'm Not the Girl ( https://youtu.be/ RmHndUHSxrU ), was released in 2016, Proving, it's never too late to start again.About Gilda's Club NYCGilda's Club NYC (GCNYC) was founded in 1995 in memory of Gilda Radner, the talented comedian and original cast member of Saturday Night Live who passed away in 1989 from ovarian cancer. GCNYC's mission is to support, educate and empower cancer patients and their families. A cancer diagnosis can be an extremely isolating experience which triggers many emotions including fear, anger, depression and an overwhelming sense of helplessness. Men, women, teens, and children attend support groups, educational lectures and healthy lifestyle workshops, free of charge, at our West Village Clubhouse and at our offsite program with hospital and community partners around NYC. At Gilda's Club NYC, we believe no one should face cancer alone. www.gildasclubnyc.org
May 2 Planet Payment Inc:
* Agreement for HDFC Bank to offer co's Dynamic Currency Conversion (DCC) solution Pay in Your Currency to its merchants in India Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rustie Lee has revealed how they brought back a nasty souvenir from filming a new TV series in India – a parasite.
The Brummie TV chef is famous for cooking spicy food, but has been living on plain dishes like egg on toast and soup since returning from Kochi five months ago.
They have lost three stone in weight and is still suffering from the symptoms of a bad stomach upset.
But Rustie, 67, has no regrets about living in India for a month for the second series of The Real Marigold Hotel.
(Photo: BBC)
The documentary series is inspired by the 2011 film The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, in which a group of British pensioners including Judi Dench and Bill Nighy retired to India.
The first series featured the likes of Miriam Margolyes and Wayne Sleep testing what it would be like to live out their days in the subcontinent.
It was the highest rating factual series on BBC2 last year and has now moved to BBC1.
(Photo: BBC)
The second series sees Rustie living with entertainer Lionel Blair, 87, actor Amanda Barrie, 80, snooker champion Dennis Taylor, 67, Dr Miriam Stoppard, 79, presenter Bill Oddie, 75, singer Sheila Ferguson, 69 and actor Paul Nicholas, 72.
While loving India, despite it making them so ill, Rustie – who grew up in Handsworth – says they would miss England too much to retire there permanently.
But the group discover how cheap it would be to live in Kerala, where a three-bedroomed house can rent for £30 a week and staff to cook and clean cost £20 a week.
The first episode sees Rustie taking over the kitchen and cooking rice and spicy chicken for the group.
But that all changed after the second week of the stay.
They say: “I started to feel unwell when I was out there and I'm still not 100 per cent, I've still got a grumbling tummy.
“I've been to see a doctor in Harley Street and I've had a camera put down me and put up me. I'm just waiting for the results.
“The doctor said it could go on for 18 months.
(Photo: BBC)
“I have to really think about what I am going to eat. Even the thought of a curry makes my body quiver. I'm frightened to put anything in my stomach that might cause a problem.
“For someone who loves eating, and who is famous for cooking spicy food, it's quite a thing.
“I've been eating the plainest, mildest food and no jerk chicken or rice which is incredible for me.
“But despite all this, I still had a wonderful time in India. The whole thing was a fantastic adventure.
(Photo: BBC)
“The people are so kind and there were so many highlights – learning yoga, going to a wedding, taking a sleeper train. Though the toilet on the train was a ‘squat and drop' and I nearly lost my phone down the hole!
“But I wouldn't consider retiring there. I would miss my friends too much and the seasons – it's too hot in India.
“And I would find it very hard to cope with the poverty there, I would want to do something about it.
“Besides, I am not retiring! I can't just sit, I have to be working.”
The Real Marigold Hotel begins on Wednesday, February 15 on BBC1 at 9pm
Far Cry 3 is coming to Far Cry 5… well, sort of. Ubisoft on Friday revealed the contents of Far Cry 5's Season Pass which will include a trio of new adventures and a copy of Far Cry 3 Classic Edition.
Far Cry 5's Season Pass, which will come bundled with the game's gold edition or can be purchased separately, offers adventures that transport players to distinct locations. In Hours of Darkness, you'll travel back in time to Vietnam to take on the Việt Cộng. Dead Living Zombies, as the name suggests, pits gamers against hordes of zombies across multiple B-movie scenarios while Lost on Mars will have you battling arachnids on the Martian surface.
Far Cry 3 Classic Edition for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, meanwhile, will feature the game's original single-player content and will be available four weeks prior to it going on sale as a standalone purchase this summer. PC gamers will receive the full version of Far Cry 3, Ubisoft said.
Far Cry 5 is scheduled to launch on March 27 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Ubisoft hasn't said how much the Season Pass will sell for by itself although we do know that the standard edition will retail for $59.99 and the gold edition (which includes the Season Pass) commands $89.99. As such, you can probably expect to pay somewhere in the ballpark of $30 for the standalone Season Pass.
RING OF HONOR TV
EPISODE #299
Taped At The 2300 Arena In Philly, PA
The show opens with The Young Bucks and Hangman Page making their way to the ring for a Six Man tag team match. Their opponents Roppongi Vice soon follow. Rocky Romero gets on the mic prior to the match starting.  They are upset that their partner Trent Beretta went out and got a mystery tag team partner without consulting with them first. Trent tells Rocky to relax and be happy. Beretta then introduces their "Real Tag Team Partner" and "Best Friend" Chuck Taylor.
Hangman Page & The Young Bucks vs. Rocky Romero, Trent Beretta & 'The Kentucky Gentleman' Chuckie T
Ian Riccaboni and Colt Cabana are once again on commentary for this show. At the time of this taping, RPG Vice was the IWGP Junior tag champs. This past Sunday's Dominion show saw The Bucks claim those titles away from them. Both teams are scheduled to face off in a rematch in the G1 special show in California.
Hey someone makes this a ladder match pic.twitter.com/D54jUDfR4K  TRENT? (@trentylocks) June 13, 2017
This is billed as Chuckie T's ROH debut. Chuck Taylor has been around the block on the indy circuit. From PWG to EVOLVE to Chikara, The latter of which they are most associated with. "Chuckie T" is very similar to Beretta, in that they act the same and pretty much share the same brain/style. The entire story of this match here is the tension caused between Romero and Beretta because Trent is playing favorites with their "Best Friend". Rocky spends the entire match sparring with Taylor and trying to prove themselves to Beretta..... All six men brawl to start things off. The opening sequence leads to Chuckie T diving over the ropes onto The Bullet Club. Taylor and Beretta team up after this and hit several tandem moves. They get a 'Best Friends' chant from the Philly crowd. Rocky Romero gets jealous after seeing Taylor and Beretta work so well together. A Beretta/Taylor in ring hug sets them off. Rocky responds by going on an offensive flurry to show them what they can do. After taking down The Jacksons and Page, Romero teases going after Trent and Chuckie, in a comedic spot where Beretta and Taylor actually lift up Rocky and fling them towards The Bucks and Page.
The bickering between the babyfaces helps The Bullet Club eventually take control. Matt and Nick Jackson hit rapid fire tandem moves in succession. Hangman Page joins in on the fun. They drape Beretta across the ring apron and Nick Jackson leaps on top of them with a senton. When the show returns from it's first break, The Bullet Club have been working over Beretta in their corner. Trent eventually rallies and heads to their corner to make the hot tag. Both Taylor and Romero are reaching out for the tag but Taylor pushes Romero off the apron, so that they can come in for the save instead. Chuckie sends Hangman Page to the outside, they then evades The Young Bucks and catapults Nick Jackson into their brother Matt in the corner.
The next couple of minutes of the match are very chaotic. All six men get involved and execute aerial moves. It starts with Hangman Page hitting a springboard double lariat on Taylor and Beretta. Seconds later, Nick Jackson tries to dive onto Romero at ringside but Rocky pushes Hangman Page in the way. Romero then suicide dives into the both of them. Meanwhile back in the ring, Matt Jackson and Chuck Taylor battle to the top rope. Beretta springs to the top to save their buddy. Trent grabs Matt by the waist and suplexes them from that position. With Matt grounded, Taylor leaps off the top rope with a swanton bomb. Beretta then picks up Matt and hits a Gotch Style Piledriver. Matt manages to kick out of the matches first near pinfall. Beretta then sets up Matt for the Strong Zero finisher. Rocky is on the apron, looking to leap into the ring and execute RPG Vice's finish but Chuck Taylor trips them up and executes the move instead. Matt Jackson appears to be out but Nick saves them by leaping onto Beretta with a swanton to break up the potential pinfall victory. Nick then hits Taylor, Romero and Beretta with several leg and knee strikes. Moments later, Nick Jackson suplexes Beretta onto the ring apron. Nick then connects with a springboard X factor on Romero. Rocky is sent to the outside and Hangman Page hits a shooting star press off of the apron and onto him. The chaotic sequence continues with Matt Jackson planting Chuck Taylor with a springboard DDT on the ring apron. This entire rapid fire Young Bucks styled sequence can be seen in the video below.
This week on #ROHTV Chuckie T makes their ROH debut teaming with RPG Vice to take on Bullet Club! #WatchROH pic.twitter.com/g8AIAZpBci  ROH Wrestling (@ringofhonor) June 11, 2017
After getting planted on the ring apron, Chuck Taylor appears to be on the verge of being defeated. Despite the tension between them. Rocky Romero comes into the ring to save Taylor. After Romero is disposed of by The Jacksons, Chuck Taylor receives their invite to a superkick party but here comes Trent Beretta crawling into the ring. Beretta is in to take a bullet for their best friend. Hangman Page holds up Trent but the Bucks end up accidentally kicking Page. Despite the mistake, The Bucks still end up superkicking Beretta. The Bucks then set up to stereo superkick Taylor but Romero crawls into the ring and takes the bullet instead. Despite RPG Vice's efforts to save Chuckie, Taylor still ends up getting super kicked. The Bucks then look to finish off Taylor with The Meltzer Driver. Romero and Beretta have recovered and they trip up Nick Jackson off of the apron. Chuck Taylor is still in the tombstone position held up by Matt, when this occurs but they counter out and hits the "Omega Driver" on Matt Jackson and pins him.
Roppongi Vice & Chuckie T defeat The Bullet Club
Beretta, Romero and Taylor make amends after the match. They share a group hug and celebrate their victory.
A promo by The Kingdom airs after the break. They hype up their match with Dalton Castle's "Boys" next week on ROH TV. TK O'Ryan blames the boys for their injury a few months back. Vinny Marseglia is wearing a Jason styled mask and talks about how they are going to enjoy making the boys suffer. Matt Taven closes the promo by making a joke about punching Castle in the face. They equate it to a country song.... It's as corny as it sounds......
A Jay White video feature follows this. The profile piece focuses on Jay White's journey from their home in New Zealand to training to become a wrestler in The New Japan Dojo. In the piece, White talks about their accomplishments in ROH, their 6 month undefeated streak, the time limit draw with Jay Briscoe and their most recent ppv match with Will Ospreay. White calls the War of The Worlds match with Ospreay, a career defining moment. Jay says that it irked them a bit that people were surprised that they could have a great match. White then addresses Punishment Martinez's involvement in the conclusion of that match. They say that Martinez ruined a great moment where the ROH fans were giving them and Ospreay a standing ovation. White promises that Punishment is going to see different side of him, when they eventually face off in the ring.
The Rebellion (Shane Taylor & Rhett Titus) w/Caprice Coleman vs. 'Search And Destroy' (Jay White & Jonathan Gresham)
"S & D" was started up by The Motor City Machine Guns to combat The Bullet Club and other factions in ROH. This is a continuation of their current feud with The Rebellion. Alex Shelley joins the broadcast team at ringside for this match. Before all four men get inside the ring, They start brawling on the outside. Jay White ends up throwing Gresham into both Titus and Taylor.
When the match officially starts in the ring. The 5'4 Jonathan Gresham gets overpowered by the much larger Taylor for the next couple of minutes. After being roughed up by Taylor. Titus (not the brand) makes their way into the ring. They hit a gut wrench powerbomb and a splash on Gresham. The Rebellion continues to isolate and rough up Gresham in their corner. When the show returns from the break, Gresham is trying to fight their way out of The Rebellion's corner but they get struck down by a Rhett Titus dropkick. Rhett and Shane start flinging Gresham around the ring, when they attempt to splash them in the corner. Gresham evades them and uses their momentum against each other. They sidestep Titus and sends them flying into Shane Taylor. This enables Gresham to make the tag to Jay White. They go after both men with stiff running European uppercuts. Gresham is back in and they and Jay White hit a succession of tandem moves. Jay White ends up body slamming Shane Taylor. Jay then uses Gresham to do a running senton on Taylor with them on their back.
The feud between The Rebellion and Search & Destroy continues on #ROHTV this week! #WatchROH pic.twitter.com/P8X3PM56Qc  ROH Wrestling (@ringofhonor) June 12, 2017
Caprice Coleman tries to get involved to stop Search and Destroy's momentum. Alex Shelley on commentary debates getting involved. They say that they promised their partners that they wouldn't. Shelley quickly changes their mind when Kenny King runs into ring and gets involved. Chris Sabin also makes their way out to the ring. The Guns hit their dream sequence on Kenny King. Jay White then somersaults onto the Rebellion at ringside. Paul Turner eventually calls for the bell.
Search And Destroy & The Rebellion ends in a no contest
Alex Shelley gets on the mic after the match is called. They say that no one wants to see The Rebellion anymore. They ask the crowd for approval. Shelley has a solution. They challenge The Rebellion to an 8-man tag team match at The Best In The World PPV. With the stipulation being that the losing team must disband their faction.
The Rebellion and Search & Destroy face off on June 23rd, at Best in the World, and the losing team must disband! https://t.co/YoYTZpUfm4 pic.twitter.com/3HDx2AFaSY — ROH Wrestling (@ringofhonor) June 14, 2017
Frankie Kazarian is backstage in front of The ROH banner. Kazarian talks about how their rivalry with Hangman Page has reached a new level. Frankie has a strap with them and says that they are looking forward to whipping Hangman in the future.
After the break, highlights are shown from last week's six-man match. Which saw Los Ingobernables De Japon defeat Bully Ray and The Briscoes. The Boys and The Briscoes ended up getting into an argument after the match, when Jay and Mark blamed Dalton's boys for their loss.... A Jay Briscoe promo follows.  They are ticked off. They run down their credentials in the company and is angry that they suffered defeat last week because of The Boys. They drop an MF bomb when they describe them. Jay Briscoe gets beeped several times, as they continue their rant about Dalton Castle and their boys. Jay says that they don't realize what they are getting into with him.
ROH TV MAIN EVENT
WORLD TELEVISION CHAMPIONSHIP MATCH
'The Villain' Marty Scurll (c) vs. Kushida
KUSHIDA and Marty Scurll battle it out for the Ring of Honor TV Title, this week on #ROHTV #WatchROH pic.twitter.com/DC1LcrEGca  ROH Wrestling (@ringofhonor) June 11, 2017
A Scurll match almost always starts with standing switches, go behinds and several counters and reversals out of those positions. This match is no different. Scurll out shines Kushida early on and lets them know it. When the pace of the match picks up, Kushida shows up Marty and taunts him. Some real nice sequences follow where Kushida gets Marty in a cross arm breaker, The Villain tries to break Kushida's fingers but can't. Scurll finds a way by turning the cross arm breaker into a pinning predicament to get Kushida to release the hold. Kushida then hits a tornado DDT on Scurll and holds on to him. They then attempts a fishermen's buster but Scurll breaks free by going after Kushida's left arm. In true Villain fashion, they start targeting Kushida's arm and limbs throughout the match. Moments later when Scurll gets in trouble and heads to the outside, Kushida heads to the top and attempts to dive on Scurll but Marty pulls security members in the way, to take the brunt of the dive instead.
Kushida manages to stay in control despite this mishap. When the action gets back in the ring. Scurll attempts a chicken wing out of desperation but gets rolled up and nearly pinned. A striking sequence follows this that is evenly contested by both men. When Kushida tries to spring off the ropes with a handspring elbow, they get caught in the chicken wing submission. Somehow, Kushida counters it into the Hoverboard Lock submission. Nice sequence. The Villain scrambles and eventually escapes the hold. When Kushida tries to pin Scurll with a sunset flip, Marty halts their momentum, grabs Kushida's fingers and snaps them. The Philly crowd is quieted so that they can hear the sound of Kushida's fingers snapping. Moments later, Kushida fights back with a stiff elbow but Scurll springs off the ropes and turns Kushida inside-out with a clothesline.
When both men rise to their feet, The Villain sets up for their chicken wing submission. They take too much time revving up for it and the lights go out in the arena. When they come back on. Someone is dressed up in The Villain's attire and standing on the ring apron. Adam Cole takes off the top hat and mask to reveal himself. Cole screams their signature 'Bay Bay' catchphrase. With Scurll distracted, Kushida sneaks up from behind and hits a titl a whirl DDT. Kushida then rolls through and hits the "Back to The Future" small package driver. They then covers and pins Marty Scurll.
Adam Cole interrumpe la lucha de Marty Scurll, sale como "The Villain" y le cuesta el título TV de #ROH pic.twitter.com/62PWBpsmPM  ProWrestling Español (@ProWrestlingEsp) May 20, 2017
Kushida defeats Marty Scurll by pinfall to become the new Ring Of Honor World Television Champion
As Kushida celebrates their victory in the ring. Adam Cole waves at Scurll from the stage area and taunts him. The crowd chants Kushida's name as their hand is raised. The show ends here..... It has now been announced that The Villain will get their rematch for The ROH TV Championship at The Best in The World pay-per-view on Friday June 23rd.
On the biggest roll of their career @KUSHIDA_0904 grants @MartyScurll a rematch for the TV Title at Best in the World https://t.co/moq7fBz5P9 pic.twitter.com/gKzmRgm4Xz  ROH Wrestling (@ringofhonor) June 13, 2017
Here is a preview video below for next week's show. Which will be the 300th episode of ROH TV.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Beyonce is pregnant with twins, but some seem to think their absence from the spotlight is because she's already given birth.
Nature is being hit hard by the drought and, while it is reacting to cope in its own natural way, it could do with a helping hand, according to plant and bird experts.
Brian Burke, co-ordinator of Birdwatch Ireland's garden bird survey, says the most important help people can give birds in the current hot, dry weather is to make sure they have a source of drinking water.
“Put out a bowl of water, maybe with a stone in the centre so smaller birds can perch on it while drinking,” they advised. “Most birds need to drink twice a day and rely a lot on puddles. There are none now and so drinking and washing becomes a problem.”
Hard earth, baked dry, creates particular problems for birds that grub around the soil for worms, insects and seeds.
“One of the things you can do is cut an apple in half and stick it on the branch of a tree for the blackbirds,” says Burke. “That would make life a lot easier for an adult foraging for a fledgling.”
For ground feeders, they suggest spreading sunflower seeds, meal or grated cheese. They think most species will cope adequately, as the hot weather has developed gradually, unlike the February extreme cold, which hit hard and suddenly.
Paul Maher, curator at the National Botanic Gardens in Glasnevin, said that while plant life was under stress, most would cope well.
“The normal flow of water nutrients to any plant is very much reduced by the drought, and obviously there is a lack of moisture in the ground and there is also the heat levels and drying winds,” they said.
“What you do find, largely speaking, is that you see autumn colours setting in, along the M11 and other places. For example, you see that with the birches. That is one of the mechanisms by which plants slow their metabolism down, but if there's rain next month they will bud again because we will still have long days. The plant has a learned mechanism.”
Obey the ban
Grass recovers well and easily, and they advise people to obey the hosepipe ban and not waste water on lawns.
“The hosepipe ban is warranted and necessary, and perhaps this is a very nice learning curve for some of the younger generation,” they said. “It's been a long, long time since we've had a drought and people are learning [now] about the hard work and cost of harvesting water and the need to use it carefully.”
The Botanic Gardens have stopped using hoses in favour of watering cans, and is concentrating on its collection of rare species, most of which are in glasshouses.
“Obviously we feel sorry for our plants, but we are not worried,” says Maher. “Our big concern is with some of our conservation collections. We could be one of the last institutions holding a species of a particular plant, and they're the ones we direct our watering efforts to.”
Regarding herbaceous borders and suburban gardens in general, they say plants that have grown from tubers or bulbs will fare best during the drought. Tulip bulbs, in particular, love hot weather at this time of the year and should flower well next spring.
They suggested there were no long-term implications for plant life, assuming the drought does not go on for months on end.
Comparisons with 1976
Despite the current heatwave, Ireland's trees should avoid the destruction they experienced in winter after the 1976 heatwave. Large numbers of trees were knocked down that year after suffering from drought the previous summer.
Dr Nick McCarthy, a professor of land management in agriculture, horticulture and forestry at Waterford Institute of Technology, notes the conditions this year differ from those in 1976.
“The 1976 heatwave was preceded by a relatively dry, mild winter with well below average precipitation, while the 2018 heatwave has been preceded by an almost endless winter of wind, rain and unprecedented snowfalls,” they say.
“Tree's roots can also be affected by severe drought, which then can lead to unstable trees the following winter. That said, trees tend to have large root systems which can grow down to the water table deep underground, thus usually preventing any ill effects except for in the severest of droughts, which is what happened in 1976.”
But the heatwave has the potential to have serious a impact on forestry, according to Marie Doyle, a lecturer at UCD's department of agricultural science. “It's going to add a level of stress in the trees,” they say, warning that newly planted trees are fighting for survival in the heat.
EVANS, GA (WJBF) – In Columbia County, the home of the new plaza at Evans Towne Center is set to break ground on Tuesday.
The Plaza is expected to be filled with shops, restaurants, professional office space and a parking deck. The area will be built near Evans Towne Center Park and the old Marshall Square.
The Plaza is a joint development and public private partnership between the development authority of Columbia county and Meybom Realtors.
Mike Palloty, President of Meybohm says in addition to the Columbia county cultural center the plaza will be a great addition for the Evans community.
“This really offers a unique opportunity because what you get to do here is take this site and you basically get to rebuild the Evans Towne center such that you have a downtown Evans which is something that we really don't have anymore,” Palloty said.
R.W. Allen will be in charge of the construction for the project. The groundbreaking ceremony will begin at 10 a.m.
The XC60 is only available in the Inscription variant and is powered by a 2.0-litre diesel engine
Volvo will launch the second-gen XC60 in India today. The new XC60 is the fourth Volvo vehicle based on the SPA (scalable product architecture) platform after the XC90, S90, and the V90 (including V90 CrossCountry). The XC60 will initially be imported to India as completely built-up unit (CBU) but Volvo plans to locally assemble it in the future. The company already assembles the SPA-based XC90 in India.
The new XC60 is powered by a 2.0-litre diesel engine mated to an 8-speed automatic transmission. AWD (all-wheel drive) is standard on all variants globally. Detailed specifications are as follows:
Engine
2.0-litre, 4-cylinder diesel engine
Maximum power
235PS@4,000rpm
Maximum torque
480Nm@1,750-2,250rpm
Transmission
8-speed automatic
Top speed
230kmph
Ground clearance
223mm
In India, the XC60 is available in the Inscription variant only. The Swedish carmaker has, however, already said that it won't shy away from offering lower-spec variants if there is market demand. Globally, the new XC60 is available in three variants - Inscription, R-Design, and Momentum. Volvo used to offer the last-gen XC60 in India in four variants - Inscription, Momentum, R-Design, and Kinetic.
The XC60 Inscription (CBU) rides on 19-inch wheels and gets an air suspension setup. Since it's a CBU, it also features heated steering wheel and heated front and rear seats. These features aren't really useful for a market like India, and may, therefore, not find a place in the model that gets assembled here later. Other significant features include a 4-zone climate control, panoramic sunroof, power adjustable front seats with memory and ventilation, adaptive cruise control, lane keeping aid, blind spot information system with cross traffic alert, 360-degree camera, park assist, drive modes, hill start assist and hill descent control, rain sensors, head up display, front and side airbags, Bowers & Wilkins audio system with 15 speakers and tyre pressure monitoring system.
The Volvo XC60 rivals the likes of the Mercedes-Benz GLC, Audi Q5, BMW X3, and the Land Rover Discovery Sport in India. Deliveries of the new Volvo XC60 start from today.
Also Read: 2017 Volvo XC60: First Drive Review
Read More on : XC60 Automatic
(Refiles to clarify in para 4 that Reuters asked Etisalat CEO for comment)
By Stanley Carvalho and Chijioke Ohuocha
DUBAI/LAGOS, April 10 The Nigerian arm of Abu Dhabi telecom group Etisalat is yet to agree a deal on restructuring a $1.2 billion loan with local banks after it missed a payment, a company source told Reuters.
Etisalat Nigeria told Reuters last month that it was in talks with lenders to restructure the loan.
The source, who is not authorised to speak to media, said that Etisalat and the group of 13 Nigerian lenders were yet to agree on a debt restructuring proposal.
The source was speaking on the sidelines of Etisalat's annual general meeting in Abu Dhabi on Sunday, where Chief Executive Saleh Al Abdooli declined to comment on the debt talks when asked by Reuters.
Etisalat did not respond to a request for comment.
Nigerian regulators agreed with local banks in March to pursue a default deal rather than a receivership for Etisalat Nigeria so as not to deter investors and to avoid a wider debt crisis.
Sources have said that Etisalat would consider selling its stake in the Nigerian entity after the debt deal is agreed.
(Editing by Susan Fenton)
The Government should be cautious about planting pine trees near northern kauri forests because they may be incubating kauri dieback, some scientists say.
Recently planted pine trees (file picture). Source: istock.com
Dr Amanda Black, of Lincoln's Bio-Protection Research Centre, said they supervised a masters' thesis that showed the pathogen that killed kauri reproduced more rapidly in pine forest and agricultural pasture than it did in a kauri forest.
In pine forest soil it produced more long-living spores.
Dr Black said care was needed when the Government promoted increasing commercial forestry as part of its one-billion trees programme.
"We urgently need further research to clarify the role pine forests, pasture, and other plants play in incubating and spreading the organism that causes kauri dieback," said Dr Black said.
"Until we are sure of what role they play, we should be very careful about planting any further pine plantations anywhere near kauri forest."
Lincoln University masters student Kai Lewis' thesis led to Dr Black's caution. Mr Lewis studied how well the pathogen phytophthora agathidicida reproduced in three types of soil: Kauri forest, pine forest and pasture.
They collected samples near Waipoua Forest in Northland and one of the original mainland sites from which kauri dieback had spread, Dr Black said.
"Mr Lewis's research showed that P. agathidicida could infect Pinus radiata and several common pasture plants, even those that show no symptoms. This suggests other plants and soil may act as a reservoir for P. agathidicida," Dr Black said.
Other research reported earlier this year showed the kauri dieback organism also infected other native plants, including tanekaha, suggesting more potential hosts need to be examined.
"This raises the possibility that kauri dieback may be moving from pine plantations and pasture into kauri forests, carried by people, animals, and even on machinery," Dr Black said .
"We urgently need further research to find out if this is happening and how. Until we know the answer, we need to be very careful."
In their thesis Mr Lewis said investigating the role of unfenced pasture next to kauri forests was a high priority for further research.
However, Dr Nari Williams from the crown forestry research institute Scion, who was a supervisor of the study said it did not justify stopping pine planting.
"It's important to know that the study did not try to find if the pathogen was (already) present in the soil samples.
"In the study phytophera agathadicida was artificially introduced to soil taken from pine forests, pasture and kauri forests," they said.
Many soil types and plants had the potential to harbour the pathogen, and it would be unreasonable to single out specific plants or locations as a higher risk (to kauri) than others, Dr Williams said.
Other plant scientists said the study raised biosecurity issues and pines should not be planted near kauri forest in the meantime.
Associate Professor Bruce Burns, from Auckland University's School of Biological Sciences, said the study was highly significant because it extended the potential host range for the kauri dieback and land uses that could be susceptible to it.
The research had also identified two species of phytopthera that hadn't been found in New Zealand before, and were known to cause disease on plants overseas, they said.
"At this stage the research doesn't justify a stop to the government's new pine plantations... but it does indicate that pine plantations planned near kauri forests should be avoided or delayed until the full extent of this risk is known," Dr Burns said.
Dr Nick Waipara, a senior scientist at Plant and Food Reserach, said the study showed the kauri killer organism could function outside a kauri stand, which had significant biosecurity implications.
"It is emerging that kauri is not the only plant host of agathadicida - it can survive using other plants.
"These findings... yet again show the lack of fundamental knowledge of agathadicida's impact and ecology in New Zealand... we need this type of research to continue," Dr Waipara said.
Professor Euan Mason from Canterbury University's School of Forestry said pine plantations were likely to be planted on sites outside the range of kauri so putting a stop to all pine planting was high unlikely to be justified.
The question was whether adding more pine plantations on grassland north of Hamilton would significantly add to the risk of kauri dieback.
FILE PHOTO: The Logo of Saudi Aramco is seen at the 20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show and Conference (MOES 2017) in Manama, Bahrain, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed/File Photo
DUBAI Saudi Aramco has raised 11.25 billion riyals (2.4 billion pounds) in its debut sukuk issuance, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
The Islamic bond, part of a programme to raise 37.5 billion riyals, is the oil giant's first fundraising exercise aimed at diversifying revenues that have been hit by low global oil prices.
The floating rate local currency sukuk has a seven-year maturity and offers 25 basis points over the six-month Saudi Arabian Interbank Offered Rate (SAIBOR).
Aramco's debut deal is likely to be followed soon, possibly as early as next week, by a dollar-denominated Saudi sovereign sukuk with the same hybrid structure proposed by the Aramco deal, its prospectus showed.
Aramco did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Aramco started collecting orders for its debut issuance on March 27, a document issued by banks leading the deal showed.
The order books for the transaction should have closed on April 9, according to the original timeline. But bookbuilding was extended by a day because some accounts needed extra time to obtain internal approvals.
Alinma Investment, HSBC Saudi Arabia, NCB Capital and Riyad Capital were the coordinators of the Aramco deal, joined by GIB Capital, Samba Capital and Saudi Fransi Capital in dealer roles.
(Editing by Edmund Blair)
ST. PAUL (AP) -- An administrative law judge in Minnesota has dealt a setback to a proposed gas-fired power plant in Superior, Wisconsin.
Minnesota Power wants to join with Dairyland Power Cooperative to build the plant, saying it would provide backup for wind energy that the Minnesota utility is adding to its system.
But Judge Jeanne Cochran on Monday recommended that the Public Utilities Commission deny the request, saying Minnesota Power failed to prove the plant is needed.
Several clean energy groups oppose the project, saying approving the fossil fuel plant would make it impossible for Minnesota to meet its emissions targets.
Minnesota Power says it will be reviewing the judge's recommendations.
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
QUALITY REPEAT - Graffiti is daubed in the Shrublands area of Croydon in London, Britain April 2, 2017. British police said on Monday they had charged five people over a 'brutal' attack involving a gang of up to 30 assailants on a teenage asylum seeker in south London which left the victim with a fractured skull and blood clot on their brain. Picture taken April 2, 2017 REUTERS/Neil Hall
QUALITY REPEAT - Graffiti is daubed in the Shrublands area of Croydon in London, Britain April 2, 2017. British police said on Monday they had charged five people over a 'brutal' attack involving a gang of up to 30 assailants on a teenage asylum seeker in south London which left the victim with a fractured skull and blood clot on their brain. Picture taken April 2, 2017 REUTERS/Neil Hall
QUALITY REPEAT - A general view of the Shrublands area of Croydon in London, Britain April 2, 2017. British police said on Monday they had charged five people over a 'brutal' attack involving a gang of up to 30 assailants on a teenage asylum seeker in south London which left the victim with a fractured skull and blood clot on their brain. Picture taken April 2, 2017 REUTERS/Neil Hall
QUALITY REPEAT - A general view of the Shrublands area of Croydon in London, Britain April 2, 2017. British police said on Monday they had charged five people over a 'brutal' attack involving a gang of up to 30 assailants on a teenage asylum seeker in south London which left the victim with a fractured skull and blood clot on their brain. Picture taken April 2, 2017 REUTERS/Neil Hall
A general view of the Shrublands area of Croydon in London, Britain April 2, 2017. British police said on Monday they had charged five people over a 'brutal' attack involving a gang of up to 30 assailants on a teenage asylum seeker in south London which left the victim with a fractured skull and blood clot on their brain. Picture taken April 2, 2017 REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON British police said on Monday they had charged five people over a "brutal" attack involving a gang of up to 30 assailants on a teenage asylum seeker in south London which left the victim with a fractured skull and blood clot on their brain.
Detectives, who are treating the incident as a racially motivated hate crime, said the 17-year-old Kurdish Iranian boy was left critically injured after the attack shortly before midnight on Friday as they waited at a bus stop with two friends near a pub in Croydon.
"It is understood that the suspects asked the victim where they were from and when they established that they were an asylum seeker they chased them and launched a brutal attack," said Detective Inspector Gary Castle.
"He sustained serious head and facial injuries as a result of this attack, which included repeated blows to the head by a large group of attackers."
The teenager is recovering in hospital and is now in a serious but stable condition which is not believed to be life-threatening, police said. Officers said they had made 11 arrests since Friday night and charged five people, three aged 20 and two aged 24, with violent disorder.
One man was also charged with racially aggravated grievous bodily harm and they are all due to appear in court later on Monday. Three others, arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and violent disorder, remain in custody.
Detective Superintendent Jane Corrigan said as many as 30 people were involved in the apparently motiveless attack and the teenager was lucky not have been killed.
Immigration has been a major political issue in Britain and was one of the factors that swayed voters to back leaving the European Union in last year's referendum in order to have more control on the numbers coming to the country. The Brexit vote also led to a spike in hate crimes.
"I haven't seen an attack like this in a number of years and certainly nothing in London," they told Sky News. "This was just appalling. The level of violence used was just unnecessary and just shows a real hatred with those involved."
In a tweet after the attack local lawmaker Gavin Barwell described those responsible as "scum" while London Mayor Sadiq Khan vowed the perpetrators would be brought to justice.
(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Stephen Addison)
Rows of steam generators line a road at the Cenovus Energy Christina Lake Steam-Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) project 120 km (74 miles) south of Fort McMurray, Alberta, August 15, 2013. REUTERS/Todd Korol
CALGARY, Alberta Cenovus Energy's offer to buy ConocoPhillips oil sands and natural gas assets for C$17.7 billion ($13.27 billion) was unsolicited, a ConocoPhillips Canada spokesperson said on Thursday.
ConocoPhillips had already decided to sell several of its Canadian conventional natural gas assets but had not planned to offload oil sands assets, sources told Reuters earlier this year.
"While this unsolicited offer includes Canadian assets that we had planned to market as part of our disposition program, it is larger," spokesperson Michelle McCullagh said of the Cenovus deal.
(Reporting by Nia Williams!)
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
DAVAO-BASED independent oil company Phoenix Petroleum Philippines, Inc. (PNX) announced on Monday the appointment of Henry Albert “Bong” Fadullon as its new chief operating officer.
Fadullon replaces Romeo de Guzman, who moved to a new post as vice chairperson of the company's board of directors.
“Bong's appointment is a clear demonstration of our rigorous search for the best management talent in the petroleum industry,” Phoenix Petroleum President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Uy said in a disclosure to the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE).
“It reflects our fundamental belief that Phoenix Petroleum is on track to becoming a major player in the business,” they added.
Prior to their stint at Phoenix, Fadullon was general manager of Shell Shared Services (Asia) BV. They have spent 25 years in the petroleum industry.
De Guzman joined Phoenix in 2009 when the company was just starting to expand outside Mindanao.
De Guzman oversaw the expansion of retail outlets from 32 stations in 2009 to 505 in 2016, the growth in commercial accounts in various industries, and the increase in volume sales from 28 million liters to 1.5 billion liters, according to Phoenix.
“In their new role as vice chairperson and senior strategic adviser, Romy will continue to guide us with their valuable expertise, experience, and knowledge of the industry,” Uy said.
For their part, Fadullon said they are looking forward to helping Phoenix Petroleum execute its vision of becoming a solid player in the country's petroleum industry.
Phoenix Petroleum is the fastest growing oil company in the Philippines with an expanding network of operations nationwide. It has opened a total of 495 stations as of the end of September 2016. The company is engaged in the business of trading refined petroleum products and lubricants, operation of oil depots and storage facilities, shipping and logistics, and allied services.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executives of top American steel companies and related groups urged President Donald Trump on Thursday to urgently impose trade measures to curb excess steel capacity and surging imports they say are undermining the U.S. industry.
A letter, sent to the White House and Congress by the American Iron and Steel Institute and the Steel Manufacturers Association, called on Trump to immediately act under the rarely used “Section 232” of a 1962 U.S. trade law, which allows for restrictions to protect national security.
”We urge you to implement a remedy that is comprehensive and broad based, covering all major sources of steel imports and the full range of steel products, with only limited exceptions for
products not currently available in the United States,”
according to the letter seen by Reuters.
Companies that signed the letter included Alton Steel, AK Steel Corp (AKS.N), Cleveland-Cliffs Inc (CLF.N), TimkenSteel Corp (TKR.N), Nucor Corp (NUE.N), and ArcelorMittal USA (MT.AS).
The letter was the second in five months from the steel industry to Trump, who promised in their presidential campaign to protect American steelworkers from imports and ordered an investigation last April of foreign steel imports under Section 232.
The results of the investigation were handed to Trump on Jan. 11, 2018. They have 90 days to respond.
A U.S. administration official said the White House was “aware of the needs and concerns of stakeholders.”
“The president has 90 days to make their decision and we will announce that decision at the appropriate time,” the official told Reuters.
Forcing a reduction of excess production in China, which now supplies half the world's steel, is a key goal of any potential restrictions.
The United States, the world's biggest steep importer, and China have long been at odds over how to combat excess capacity in the global steel sector. China has argued that it has done its bit to tackle the problem by cutting capacity.
‘WAIT-AND-SEE APPROACH'
Philip Bell, president of the Steel Manufacturers Association, said there was optimism that Trump would come up with effective measures following their decision on Jan. 22 to slap tariffs on imported washers and solar panels.
“I confident they will come up with a remedy that is effective and they still have 70 days to review it and make a decision,” Bell told Reuters. “We will have to take a wait-and-see approach, but it is clear the steel industry continues to be challenged and that 232 action sooner rather than later is important.”
The letter underscored that despite the threat of trade actions, imports continue to swamp the U.S. market. In June 2017, steel imports hit their highest monthly total in more than two years by capturing 30 percent of the U.S. market, the letter said.
Efforts to address global excess capacity through international consultations and groups such as the G20 and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development had failed, the letter added.
The European Union has warned it will retaliate if European steelmakers suffer collateral damage from import restrictions under the Section 232 investigation.
While the measure would mainly target China, NATO allies like Britain have expressed concern because the two countries have traded steel for military purposes.
March 30 Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Thursday: TRUMP VS. CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICANS Trump lashes out at Republican conservatives who helped torpedo healthcare legislation they backed, escalating a feud within their party that jeopardizes the new administration's legislative agenda. RUSSIA Russia mounted a campaign of "propaganda on steroids" seeking to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee says, listing several areas of concern about possible links to Republican Trump's campaign. The White House has invited the top Republican and Democratic members of the Senate and House of Representatives intelligence panels to review new material relevant to their investigation into Russia's alleged interference in the election, presidential spokesperson Sean Spicer says. SURVEILLANCE Two White House officials played a role in providing House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes with documents showing Trump and their associates were swept up in surveillance by U.S. intelligence agencies, The New York Times reports. SUPREME COURT Senators Joe Manchin and Heidi Heitkamp become the first Democrats to support the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, giving Republicans two of eight Democratic votes needed to avoid a nasty fight on the U.S. Senate floor next week. IMMIGRATION The Justice Department will appeal a ruling from a Hawaii federal judge that granted an injunction blocking Trump's revised restrictions on travel from some Muslim-majority countries, it says in a court filing. STRIKES IN SOMALIA The White House has granted the military broader authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants, the Pentagon says, the latest sign Trump is increasing U.S. military engagement in the region. NAFTA In revamping the North American Free Trade Agreement, the Trump administration will seek tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if a flood of imports from Canada and Mexico causes "a threat of serious injury" to U.S. industry, a draft of negotiating objectives shows. SYRIA The United States' diplomatic policy on Syria for now is no longer focused on making the war-torn country's president, Bashar al-Assad, leave power, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations says, in a departure from the Obama administration's initial and public stance on Assad's fate. KEYSTONE Several environmental groups sue the Trump administration in a federal court in Montana to challenge its decision to approve construction of TransCanada Corp's controversial Keystone XL pipeline. (Compiled by Jonathan Oatis; Editing by James Dalgleish and Leslie Adler)
The Referendum Commission is urging people to check the register.
It has launched a public information campaign which will see impartial advice on the eighth amendment sent to more than two million homes in Ireland.
Labour leader Brendan Howlin says it is important people have their say.
“Check the register. Don't assume you are on it,” advised Mr Howlin.
“Every single referendum, every single election we have in our offices' people who tell us that they turned up to vote, had been on the register previously and somehow, they have lost that right.
“So check the register now.”
– Digital Desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
The Darkroom, the photography and video blog of The Baltimore Sun, shines a light on visually captivating stories of our past and present. It showcases the exciting work of our staff, offers tips in the craft, and highlights the emerging community of independent media makers. We want your feedback – please contact us with suggestions and ideas.
April 3 CPI Property Group SA:
* Said on Saturday net rental income slightly increased by 1 pct to 207 million euros in 2016 (2015: 206 million euros)
* Gross rental income up by 8 million euros from 218 million euros in 2015 to 226 million euros in 2016
* Total revenues up from 284 million euros in 2015 to 351 million euros in 2016
* FY net profit for the period amounted to 460 million euros (2015 - 89 million euros)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Amanda Gries holds their previous home's Lead-Based Paint Inspection/Risk Assessment and their 12-month-old son Eli Gries while their three and a half year old son Wyatt (L) sits at a table in their home in the Del Rey neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Amanda Gries points to high level test results from their son Wyatt's bedroom in their previous home's Lead-Based Paint Inspection/Risk Assessment Report in the Del Rey neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Karla Rojas, 26, points to a pillar where lead paint was found at their brother's home in the Historic South Central neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
A homeowner uses a home lead test which turns red when it detects the presence of lead on their porch door of their old Spanish style home, valued at more than $1.5 million, and dated from the 1920s, in San Marino, California, United States April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Karla Rojas, 26, (L) is interviewed about lead paint that was found in their brother Raul Zavala Rojas' (R) home while they were living there as Raul playfully pinches a cheek of their three-year old niece Kendra Nicole Rojas in the Historic South Central neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
A building from the the now closed Exide factory, a former battery recycling facility in Vernon that has contaminated the surrounding area with lead in its soil, is seen without a logo attached in Vernon, California, United States April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Three and a half year old Wyatt Gries (R) poses on their bed inside their bedroom while their mother Amanda Gries holds their 12 month old brother Eli Gries in the Del Rey neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Paint is seen peeling from a home in the Historic South Central neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Three-year old Kendra Nicole Rojas, plays with pet bunnies at their uncle's home where they and their mother Karla Rojas, 26, (R) used to live but moved out after lead paint was found in the home in the Historic South Central neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
LOS ANGELES With its century-old Spanish-style homes tucked behind immaculately trimmed hedges, San Marino, California, is among the most coveted spots to live in the Los Angeles area.
Its public schools rank top in the state, attracting families affiliated with CalTech, the elite university blocks away. The city's zoning rules promote a healthy lifestyle, barring fast food chains.
Home values in L.A. County census tract 4641, in the heart of San Marino and 20 minutes from downtown Los Angeles, can rival those in Beverly Hills. The current average listing price: $2.9 million.
But the area has another, unsettling distinction, unknown to residents and city leaders until now: More than 17 percent of small children tested here have shown elevated levels of lead in their blood, according to previously undisclosed L.A. County health data.
That far exceeds the 5 percent rate of children who tested high for lead in Flint, Michigan, during the peak of that city's water contamination crisis.
The local blood test data, obtained through a records request from the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health, shows two neighbouring San Marino census tracts are among the hotspots for childhood lead exposure in the L.A. area.
San Marino is hardly alone. Across sprawling L.A. County, more than 15,000 children under age 6 tested high for lead between 2011 and 2015. In all, Reuters identified 323 neighbourhood areas where the rate of elevated tests was at least as high as in Flint. In 26 of them – including the two in San Marino, and some in economically stressed areas – the rate was at least twice Flint's.
The data stunned San Marino Mayor Richard Sun, who said they aren't aware of any poisoning cases in the community.
“This is a very serious matter, and as the mayor, I really want to further explore it,” Sun said upon reviewing the numbers presented by Reuters. During an interview at City Hall, they directed city officials to investigate potential sources of exposure.
THOUSANDS OF U.S. LEAD HOTSPOTS
The L.A.-area findings are part of an ongoing Reuters examination of hidden lead hazards nationwide. Since last year, the news agency has identified more than 3,300 U.S. neighbourhood areas with documented childhood lead poisoning rates double those found in Flint. Studies based on previously available data, surveying broad child populations across entire states or counties, usually couldn't pinpoint these communities.
Despite decades of U.S. progress in curbing lead poisoning, millions of children remain at risk. Flint's disaster is just one example of a preventable public health crisis that continues in hotspots coast to coast, Reuters has found.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's threshold for elevated lead is 5 micrograms per decilitre of blood. Children who test at or above that threshold warrant a public health response, the agency says. Even a slight elevation can reduce IQ and stunt childhood development. There's no safe level of lead in children's bodies.
In San Marino, old lead-based paint is likely the main source of exposure, county health officials said, but they added that imported food, medicine or pottery from China could also be a factor. About 80 percent of San Marino homes were built before 1960, and the community has a large Asian population, U.S. Census data show.
Exposure from old paint, drinking water and soil are widely researched. Other risks – including some candies, ceramics, spices or remedies containing lead from China, Mexico, India and other countries – are less known.
The L.A. blood data covers nearly 1,550 census tracts, or county subdivisions, each with an average population around 4,000. It shows the number of small children tested in each tract, and how many tested high.
In California, the exposure risks children face can vary wildly by neighbourhood. Many L.A. areas have little or no documented lead poisoning. Countywide, 2 percent of children tested high. But in hundreds of areas, the rate is far higher. Reuters crunched the data, and neighbourhood-level results can be explored on an interactive map.
In the trouble areas, old housing is commonplace. Nearly half of L.A. County's homes were built before 1960. Lead was banned from household paint in 1978, but old paint can peel, chip, or pulverize into toxic dust.
Children are often exposed in decrepit housing. But in some U.S. areas, nearly a third of lead poisoning cases can be linked to home renovation projects, said Mary Jean Brown, a public health specialist at Harvard University and former director of the CDC's lead prevention program.
San Marino residents take pride in preserving their historic homes. Among the measures Mayor Sun wants to consider: An ordinance to ensure safe practices any time home repairs or renovations could disturb lead paint.
Poverty is another predictor of lead poisoning, and many of L.A.'s danger zones are concentrated in low-income or gentrifying areas near downtown and on the city's densely populated South Side.
In one low-income area of South L.A., Reuters met with the family of Kendra Nicole Rojas, a three-year-old recently diagnosed with lead poisoning, only to find that 63 other small children living within a six block radius have also tested high.
“A lot of people don't even think of the West Coast as a place where kids get poisoned,” said Linda Kite, executive director at L.A.-based Healthy Homes Collaborative. “The biggest problem we have is medical apathy. Many doctors don't test children for lead.”
The findings highlight a need for greater medical surveillance, abatement and awareness in the health-conscious county of 10 million, public health specialists said.
The county and city of Los Angeles have dedicated lead prevention programs that work with at-risk families. When a child's blood levels persist above 10 micrograms per decilitre – double the CDC threshold – the family receives a home inspection, nurse visits and follow-up.
The effects of lead poisoning are irreversible, and the programs' broader goal is to prevent any exposure. But success hinges on many actors, and assistance from agencies such as the CDC, the department of Housing and Urban Development and the Environmental Protection Agency. Like other regions, L.A. faces a looming hurdle in attacking hazards: President Donald Trump's federal budget proposals would sharply cut funds for many lead-related programs.
“We're aware of lots of areas where homes or soil contain significant levels of lead, and those can represent an urgent need to act,” said Maurice Pantoja, chief environmental health specialist for the county program. “Any fewer resources toward poisoning prevention would be a tragedy.”
A POISONED HOME
Just a few miles west of San Marino, in South Pasadena, one boy's poisoning serves as a cautionary tale.
In an old, pastel-coloured home on Hope Street, an infant named Connor was exposed to lead paint and dust in 2012.
The property is owned by California's Department of Transportation, Caltrans, which had plans to expand a freeway in the area. Its floors were coated in chipping lead paint. During a bathroom repair, a crew showed up in “hazmat suits,” said tenant Cynthia Wright, Connor's grandmother.
But as the crew worked, stripping toxic paint from walls and fixtures and unleashing plumes of dust, they told the family there was no need to leave the home, Wright said.
That was an unfortunate lapse, the state agency acknowledged. “There were errors in handling communications regarding this property and Caltrans has revised its business practices,” spokesperson Lauren Wonder said, leading to “greater vigilance.”
Connor continued crawling around the floors. At age one, they began missing developmental milestones. Suddenly, they lost the ability to use the few words they could say.
When their mother, Heather Nolan, had them tested for lead, the result was almost five-fold the CDC threshold. Lead levels often peak among children ages one to two, when they are increasingly mobile and have hand-to-mouth behaviours.
Now six, Connor needs speech and occupational therapy up to five times a week. They haven't been able to integrate in a mainstream classroom.
“It's not an easy road,” their grandmother said. “I would tell anyone in an old home, you really need to be aware of the risks.”
In 2015, the family settled a landmark lawsuit against Caltrans for $10 million. Wright still lives in the home, which has been remediated.
POOR PROSPECTS
Amid an affordable housing crisis in Los Angeles, many renters don't confront landlords to fix lead paint hazards, fearing eviction if they raise the alarm, said Kite, the healthy homes advocate. That helps explain why so many children in south and central L.A. test high.
Karla Rojas, 26, was living with their extended family on 30th Street in a low-income area of South L.A. last year when their toddler, Kendra, started getting chronic bouts of illness.
Mother and daughter slept on the floor, near a bookshelf where an inspector later found flaking lead paint. Tested at the local St. John's Well Child & Family Center, Kendra's result came back at several times the CDC threshold.
Once county officials got involved, the landlord repainted the shelf and other areas where lead was found. Still, terrified their daughter's exposure would continue, Rojas moved out.
“When you read about what lead can do, it makes me fear for their future,” said Rojas, watching three-year-old Kendra play with two new pet rabbits.
Exposure is common in the area, said Jeff Sanchez, a consultant at public health research firm Impact Assessment, which works with L.A.'s prevention program. Around the neighbourhood, code inspectors have cited at least 35 percent of residential properties for chipping or peeling paint violations over a four-year period.
Paint isn't the only peril. A mile and a half east, in Vernon, the now shuttered Exide Technologies battery-recycling plant spewed noxious emissions for decades, polluting soil in thousands of properties with lead residue. A planned $175 million cleanup will rely in part on children's blood tests to determine which properties should be sanitized first. Past testing has shown that children living close to the plant are at heightened risk.
Yet California, like Michigan, doesn't require lead screening for all children, leaving many untested.
Prompted in part by Reuters' previous coverage, California cities and lawmakers are pushing new initiatives to protect children.
Bill Quirk, chair of the state legislature's Committee on Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials, recently introduced a bill to require screening for all small children.
“I strongly support blood lead testing,” said U.S. Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard, who represents part of L.A. County. “It's important that residents have information about the threats they may face in their communities.”
‘DON'T WORRY, HE'S NOT AT RISK'
California's current policy is to test children with known risk factors, including those enrolled in government assistance programs for the poor like Medicaid. The protocol, applied unevenly by healthcare providers, can miss poisoned kids.
In 2013, when apparel designer Amanda Gries and their husband, a Hollywood film editor, rented a home in L.A.'s West Adams neighbourhood, they were pregnant with son Wyatt, now 3. The century-old mansion was in a rapidly gentrifying area south of downtown, near landmarks such as the Staples Center and the University of Southern California.
Gries, concerned about peeling paint and dust in the home, urged a pediatrician to screen Wyatt before their first birthday.
“The doctor didn't want to test,” Gries said. “The message was, ‘Don't worry, he's not at risk.' It was like they didn't fit the profile.”
Gries insisted, and their fears were confirmed when Wyatt tested at nearly double the CDC's elevated threshold. An inspection found lead in dust on the floor of Wyatt's bedroom at 30 times the federal hazard level.
The family moved out quickly and searched citywide before settling into a home on L.A.'s west side, chosen because no lead was detected inside. Wyatt is bright and energetic, Gries said, but has impulsive behaviours. They need occupational therapy for sensory issues, at nearly $200 per session.
Keeping Wyatt away from lead hazards and feeding them a special diet are part of the Gries' daily routine. Poor nutrition can worsen lead poisoning, allowing children's bodies to absorb more of the heavy metal.
“All we can do is hope he's okay,” said Gries.
(Additional reporting by M.B. Pell)
(Editing by Ronnie Greene)
FILE PHOTO - The Netflix sign on screen is shown on an iPad in Encinitas, California, U.S. on April 19,2013. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
SAN FRANCISCO The longevity of the technology stocks rally is on the line next week as Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) kicks off the earnings season for a sector that has mushroomed to account for more than a fifth of the U.S. stock market's value.
Surges in Apple (AAPL.O), Facebook (FB.O) and other Silicon Valley heavyweights have pushed the S&P 500 technology index 10 percent higher this year, more than double the broader S&P 500 index's 4 percent gain. The tech sector's aggregate value now tops $4.4 trillion, 30 percent higher than No. 2 financials, and even rivals the size of the Federal Reserve's massive balance sheet.
The next test for these companies is whether their profit growth is sufficient to justify their outsized share price gains.
Enter Netflix, which reports after the bell on Monday. The video streaming pioneer is expected by analysts to quintuple its earnings per share. But with its stock surging 43 percent in the past six months and now trading at 109 times expected earnings, Netflix's valuation is based more on sentiment than on fundamentals, many investors believe.
"The market's reaction to whatever the news is from Netflix will be telling," said Stephen Massocca, Senior Vice President at Wedbush Securities in San Francisco. "If the slightest little negative leads to a 15-point decline, that tells you things are elevated and the market is only going to reward the most excellent of news."
Momentum in many tech stocks has been driven by ambitious expectations for earnings. Tech profits are seen climbing 14.7 percent for the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. That would account for nearly a third of the 10.4 percent earnings growth predicted across the S&P 500.
"It's great for everybody to feel good, but if nobody is buying stuff and the companies are reporting disappointing sales and that affects their margins, then you'll be starting to say - wait a second," said Thomas Martin, a portfolio manager at GLOBALT Investments.
Along with the S&P 500, tech shares have flatlined for weeks as Wall Street reassesses whether President Donald Trump will be able to push corporate tax cuts through Congress.
Still, so far in April investors have poured $122 million into the U.S.-listed Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLK.P), bringing total flows into the fund this year to $1.4 billion, according to ETF.com, which tracks fund flows.
Inside the tech rally, chipmakers have been notable outperformers, with the Philadelphia Semiconductor index up 40 percent in the past year. Semiconductor companies are expected to boost EPS by 46 percent in the first quarter, helped by the growing use of chips in cars and mobile gadgets. One of the biggest - Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) - reports on Wednesday.
While shares of the mobile chipmaker have been bogged down by a legal battle with Apple, its sales are seen rising by 6 percent and EPS by 14 percent.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by James Dalgleish)
HELSINKI, April 20 Finland's largest telecom operator Elisa lifted its full-year sales and profit outlook after reporting a rise in first-quarter earnings on the back of its recent acquisition of local rival Anvia.
Elisa said on Thursday it now expects its revenue and core profit to grow this year, compared to its previous forecast of flat or just slight increases for both measures.
First-quarter core profit was 144 million euros ($154 million), in line with analysts' average forecast and up from 137 million euros a year earlier.
Elisa nevertheless said that the Finnish market remains challenging amid weak economic growth and tough price competition from rivals Telia and DNA.
Shares in the company rose 0.5 percent to 31.83 euros in early trade, as analysts said the results and outlook came as no surprise.
Elisa bought regional operator Anvia's consumer business last year for 107 million euros to increase its market share.
In a bid to boost international growth, Elisa is buying cable TV company Starman's Estonian operations, as well as network solutions firm Santa Monica's Finnish and Estonian businesses.
In 2015, Elisa had a 39 percent share of Finnish mobile subscriptions, followed by Telia on 34 percent and DNA on 26 percent. ($1 = 0.9327 euros) (Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by Susan Fenton)
A 54-year-old man has been arrested by detectives from PSNI Legacy Investigation Branch in connection with a 1990 bomb attack that killed four people.
The man was detained at Belfast International Airport this morning "on suspicion of a number of offences including the murder of three police officers and a Catholic nun in an explosion on the Killylea Road in Armagh on 24 July 1990".
Detective Inspector Deborah Eakin said the suspect has been taken to the Serious Crime Suite at Musgrave Police Station in Belfast for questioning.”
A 55-year-old man was also arrested and questioned last week in connection with this incident.
During the bomb blast on July 24, 1990 Constable William Hanson, Reserve Constable Joshua Willis, Reserve Constable David Sterritt and Sister Catherine Dunne, were killed when a landmine located at a culvert on the Killylea Road Armagh was detonated.
Another woman was also seriously injured in the blast.
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The bill introduced by the government seeks to amend five sections of the constitution. It calls for the term of the national transitional parliament and the office of the president to be extended from August 12 to August 12 2021. The terms of the first vice president, state legislatures and state governors would also be extended.
Read more: Opinion: South Sudan's independence is reason for celebration
Second reading in 30 days
The draft law is being reviewed by the parliament's technical committee and is due for a second reading in parliament in 30 days time. Many lawmakers, including those from the opposition, seem to have welcomed the bill. However, many citizens think the move is meant to frustrate the ongoing peace negotiations.
It comes as Kiir and their political arch rival, former vice president Riek Machar, repeatedly fail to broker a lasting peace. South Sudan descended into civil war after Kiir accused Machar of trying to grab power.
Less than three years earlier, South Sudan had split from Sudan, becoming the world's newest nation on July 9 2011.
Sudan's President Omar Al-Bashir (center) witnessed the Khartoum Declaration peace deal signing by South Sudan President Salva Kiir (left) and their arch-rival Riek Machar (right)
Tens of thousands of people were killed in the fighting and about 4 million people displaced in the country of 12 million.
Read more:UN says South Sudan government forces raped, killed
'Permanent' ceasefire
The government has gained the upper hand militarily while the opposition has splintered since a 2015 peace deal collapsed in mid-2016. At the time, Machar fled the country in the wake of fresh clashes between the army and their bodyguards in the capital Juba.
Last week, the two leaders agreed on a "permanent" ceasefireand the opening of humanitarian corridors in the landlocked country. They also agreed to the release of prisoners and withdrawal of forces. The meeting took place in the Sudanese capital Khartoum.
South Sudan's referendum on independence from Sudan in 2011 came after decades of war between the north and south of what was then Africa's largest country
Machar had emerged for talks with Kiir in Ethiopia last month following a lengthy absence from the country and exclusion from the peace process, reportedly at the behest of the African Intergovernmental Authority on Development.
The South Sudanese people looked on with skepticism as the latest talks between Kiir and Machar took place behind closed doors, with some seeing the effort to amend the constitution as a means of stalling the process that is meant to culminate in the formation of a government.
"There will be a slowdown in the peace process because the government will think that 'okay, now our term has been extended so why negotiate for peace?'" Dimo Silva, a resident of Juba, told DW.
"Why can't we just struggle and find a way of keeping to the system because [by] extending their term they will have a ground to debate or to argue that they are legitimate because the people still want them?" Silva said.
Watch video 05:00 Now live 05:00 mins. Share War and hunger in South Sudan Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2lyfH Conflict drives hunger in drought-stricken South Sudan
Lawmakers back change
The leader of the opposition in the current parliament, Gabriel Roricjur, backs the the bill. "We think, as other parties, this is a legal procedure and the government should have a new mandate until the time the agreement will be signed," they told DW.
James Okuk, a professor of political science at the University of Juba, told DW they think the introduction of the bill by the government is intended as a signal to the rebels to compromise in peace talks.
"If you drag on with this agreement, there will be a vacuum. No, we are not allowing that vacuum, we will just breach that vacuum by extending our term of office and we will be there for three years and you remain cold outside. So, you better speed up the compromise and agree with us on the revitalized government," they said.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Saturday, February 3rd (3.0pm kick-off unless stated otherwise)
Burnley (7) v Man City (1) (12.30)
Burnley is without key pair Steven Defour and James Tarkowski. The Clarets learned this week midfielder Defour needs potentially season-ending knee surgery while defender Tarkowski is still troubled by a groin injury. Strikers Chris Wood and Jon Walters, midfielder Dean Marney and defender Stephen Ward also remain on the sidelines.
City playmaker David Silva is doubtful for the leaders due to a hip injury. Defender John Stones could be back in contention after missing the midweek victory over West Brom through illness but striker Gabriel Jesus (knee), winger Leroy Sané (ankle), midfielder Phil Foden (ankle) and left-backs Benjamin Mendy and Fabian Delph (both knee) remain sidelined.
Last season: Man City 2 Burnley 1, Burnley 1 Man City 2
Last five league matches: Burnley D L L L D; Man City D W L W W
Top scorers (all competitions): Chris Wood (Burnley) 6; Sergio Aguero (Man City) 24
Match odds: H 9-1 A 2-7 D 9-2
Referee: Martin Atkinson (W Yorkshire)
Bournemouth (10) v Stoke (16)
Eddie Howe's team are again without defender Adam Smith (thigh), while forward Jermain Defoe remains absent having fractured their right ankle. Defender Tyrone Mings also misses out as they continue to recover from a back problem.
Stoke boss Paul Lambert will assess new signing Badou Ndiaye before deciding whether to hand the midfielder their Premier League debut. Lambert has no new injury concerns but could opt to make changes up front.
Last season: Bournemouth 2 Stoke 2, Stoke 0 Bournemouth 1
Last five league matches: Bournemouth W D W D W; Stoke L L L W D
Top scorers (all competitions): Callum Wilson (Bournemouth) 8; Mame Biram Diouf (Stoke) 5
Match odds: H 1-1 A 13-5 D 5-2
Referee: Paul Tierney (Lancashire)
Brighton (15) v West Ham (12)
Seagulls captain Bruno has been passed fit — the Spanish defender sat out the last three matches to rest a minor back
problem. New signing Jurgen Locadia has begun training after a hamstring injury but is not match fit, while Jiri Skalak and Steve Sidwell (both ankle) are sidelined.
Jordan Hugill is set to make their Hammers debut and Michael Antonio is also fit and available to strengthen David Moyes' attacking options. Marko Arnautovic and Manuel Lanzini remain sidelined by thigh injuries, alongside Andy Carroll (foot), Jose Fonte (ankle), Winston Reid (groin), Pedro Obiang (knee) and Edimilson Fernandes (ankle). Arthur Masuaku is banned.
Last season: No corresponding fixture
Last five league matches: Brighton D D L L D; West Ham W D W D D
Top scorers (all competitions): Jurgen Locadia & Glenn Murray (Brighton) 9; Jordan Hugill (West Ham) 10
Match odds: H 13-10 A 12-5 D 2-1
Referee: Roger East (Wiltshire)
Leicester (8) v Swansea (19)
Riyad Mahrez's continued absence means Leicester manager Claude Puel will have an unchanged squad. Mahrez missed the midweek defeat at Everton as they hoped to complete a move to Manchester City and they have not been seen by the club since that transfer collapsed. Captain Wes Morgan (hamstring) has resumed training but they are not yet ready to be considered for selection and the defender remains the only injury absentee.
Swansea will assess deadline-day signing Andre Ayew, who picked up a hamstring problem during their last few weeks at West Ham — the Swans will determine the results of a scan to see if the returning striker can make their second debut for the club. Loan signing Andy King is unable to play against their parent club, while Portugal midfielder Renato Sanches remains out with a muscle problem.
Last season: Swansea 2 Leicester 0, Leicester 2 Swansea 1
Last five league matches: Leicester L W D W L; Swansea W L D W W
Top scorers (all competitions): Jamie Vardy (Leicester) 12; Jordan Ayew (Swansea) 8
Match odds: H 8-11 A 4-1 D 13-5
Referee: Anthony Taylor (Cheshire).
Man Utd (2) v Huddersfield (17)
Marouane Fellaini joins United's injury list — the midfielder came off shortly after being brought on in the defeat at Tottenham and faces a spell on the sidelines with a knee injury. Defender Eric Bailly and striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic remain absent and defender Daley Blind has been out with an ankle issue recently but Alexis Sanchez is set to make their home debut.
Huddersfield will again be without Danny Williams due to the dead leg they suffered during the FA Cup tie against Birmingham. Chris Lowe (groin) is also ruled out but loan signing Terence Kongolo, taken to hospital after feeling ill following the Liverpool game, has been given the all-clear.
Last season: No corresponding fixture
Last five league matches: Man Utd D W W W L; Huddersfield D L L L L
Top scorers (all competitions): Romelu Lukaku (Man Utd) 18; Laurent Depoitre & Steve Mounie (Huddersfield) 5
Match odds: H 1-6 A 16-1 D 6-1
Referee: Stuart Attwell (Warwickshire)
West Brom (20) v Southampton (18)
Baggies defender Jonny Evans could return after a hamstring injury ruled them out of the defeat at Manchester City. Liverpool loanee Daniel Sturridge may make their home debut after coming on as a substitute at the Etihad Stadium and fellow new arrival Ali Gabr could feature but Nacer Chadli (hip) and James Morrison (Achilles) remain sidelined.
Southampton have doubts over Manolo Gabbiadini — the striker missed training on Thursday due to a hip problem and will be assessed. Recent signing Guido Carrillo could be given their first start after making their Premier League debut as a substitute against Brighton in midweek but fellow forward Charlie Austin remains out with a hamstring injury.
Last season: West Brom 0 Southampton 1, Southampton 1 West Brom 2
Last five league matches: West Brom D L W D L; Southampton D L D D D
Top scorers (all competitions): Jay Rodriguez (West Brom) 8; Charlie Austin (Southampton) 6
Match odds: H 6-4 A 2-1 D 21-10
Referee: Michael Oliver (Northumberland)
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is battling illness as they bid to make their Arsenal debut against Everton. Photograph: John MacDougall/AFP
Arsenal (6) v Everton (9) (5.30)
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang may have to wait for their Arsenal debut as illness could rule them out of this contest — a fever
means the Gabon forward is a doubt to make their bow. Manager Arsene Wenger has confirmed Henrikh Mkhitaryan will make their first start but Jack Wilshere has also been ill and could be sidelined, while Danny Welbeck (hip) and Santi Cazorla (Achilles) remain absent.
Everton's new on-loan defender Eliaquim Mangala could be involved — the Frenchman joined from Manchester City on deadline day and is set to be in the squad. Manager Sam Allardyce may decide to rest Seamus Coleman after their first appearance in 319 days after a double leg fracture, while midfielder James McCarthy is in the early stages of rehabilitation from a similar injury.
Last season: Arsenal 3 Everton 1, Everton 2 Arsenal 1
Last five league matches: Arsenal D D L W L; Everton L L L D W
Top scorers (all competitions): Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (Arsenal) 17
Match odds: H 2-7 A 11-1 D 4-1
Referee: Neil Swarbrick (Lancashire)
Sunday, February 4th
Crystal Palace (13) v Newcastle (14) (2.15)
Palace will be without Bakary Sako for the rest of the season after the forward suffered a fractured ankle and damaged ligaments. Deadline-day signing Alexander Sorloth is set to go straight into the squad, defender Jeffrey Schlupp (knee) and midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek (ankle) are both in recovery, while Scott Dann, Jason Puncheon and Connor Wickham will all miss the remainder of the season because of major knee injuries.
Magpies boss Rafael Benitez will make a late decision on loan signing Islam Slimani — the striker has a thigh injury which will be assessed. Goalkeeper Martin Dubravka goes straight into the squad after completing their switch from Sparta Prague and they will be joined by Rob Elliot following their recovery from a back problem but defenders Jesus Gamez (ankle) and Florian Lejeune (foot) are still out.
Last season: No corresponding fixture
Last five league matches: Crystal Palace D W W L D; Newcastle D W D L D
Top scorers (all competitions): Alexander Sorloth (Crystal Palace) 14; Islam Slimani (Newcastle) 5
Match odds: H 21-20 A 5-2 D 13-5
Referee: Andre Marriner (West Midlands)
Liverpool (3) v Tottenham (5) (4.30)
Centre-back Virgil van Dijk is set to start for Liverpool after being rested for the win at Huddersfield. Midfielder Adam Lallana has returned to training after a recurrence of a thigh problem but is unlikely to be ready for this game, while defender Nathaniel Clyne — who has not featured this season because of a back injury — is close to returning to training.
Lucas Moura is unlikely to make their Spurs debut — they need to improve their fitness after joining from Paris St Germain. Serge Aurier and Harry Winks are both in contention having recovered from ankle and calf injuries respectively, while Toby Alderweireld and Danny Rose are also back in training and could return.
Last season: Liverpool 2 Tottenham 0, Tottenham 1 Liverpool 1
Last five league matches: Liverpool W W W L W; Tottenham W D W D W
Top scorers (all competitions): Mohamed Salah (Liverpool) 26; Harry Kane (Tottenham) 30
Match odds: H 21-20 A 5-2 D 13-5
Referee: Jonathan Moss (County Durham)
Monday, February 5th (8.0)
Watford (11) v Chelsea (4)
Watford will continue to be without goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes — who has been sidelined for three matches with a back complaint. Didier Ndong could make their first Hornets appearance following their deadline-day switch from Sunderland. Younes Kaboul (foot), Miguel Britos (ankle), Kiko Femenia, Will Hughes (both hamstring), Isaac Success, Craig Cathcart, and Nathaniel Chalobah (all knee) remain unavailable.
Chelsea new boys Olivier Giroud and Emerson Palmieri are in contention. Striker Giroud and defender Palmieri arrived at Stamford Bridge last week, although they may have to settle for places on the bench at best as they return to full fitness following injuries. Centre-back Andreas Christensen, who limped off with a hamstring problem against Bournemouth on Wednesday, and striker Alvaro Morata (back) are out, but forward Willian (hamstring) could feature while defender David Luiz (ankle) has returned to training.
Last season: Chelsea 4 Watford 3, Watford 1 Chelsea 2
Last five league matches: Watford L L D L D; Chelsea W D D W L
Top scorers (all competitions): Richarlison (Watford) 8; Eden Hazard & Alvaro Morata (Chelsea) 12
Match odds: H 5-1 A 4-7 D 3-1
Referee: Craig Pawson (South Yorkshire)
… welp.
This song sounds exactly how I expected it to sound. I really tried to like it. I really did, but It's just not good. I'm not sure why Kanye thought it was a good idea to start 2017 like this. I don't know what is going on with this man. I just hope they never makes another song with Tyga again. You can listen to the song here on Apple.
Britain's most influential and aspirational figures have been chosen by the fashion tome.
The Duchess of Sussex appears alongside Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson and singer Dua Lipa in Vogue magazine's inaugural guide to Britain's 25 most influential and aspirational female figures.
Dubbed Vogue 25, the list is comprised of what the fashion publication says is “an extraordinary cast of leaders defining – and redefining – the way we live now”.
The handpicked women vary in age from 22 (Lipa) to 73 (Baroness Hale, the President of the Supreme Court), and includes figures from the worlds of politics, the arts, fashion, media and sport, among others.
Dua Lipa makes the list (Peter Byrne/PA)
Following their wedding to Prince Harry on May 19, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, is hailed as a person who “captured the public imagination like no other this year” by Vogue.
The magazine says that Meghan – “one of the most recognisable women in the world” – has an influence that “stretches far beyond the ceaseless coverage of their style – as a bi-racial campaigning feminist from America, they are helping to forge a new 21st Century identity for the monarchy”.
Ms Davidson is praised as a “beacon, thanks to their relatable personality and progressive ideas” among a “sea of old-guard Tories” by the magazine.
The publication also cites the openly gay politician's “spectacular gains for their party in the last Scottish elections” as a reason for their position on its list.
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson (Kirsty O'Connor/PA)
Lipa, who won two Brit Awards earlier this year after being the first woman to receive five nominations on one night, is described by Vogue as a “culture definer”.
“Her hit New Rules, an anthem of female empowerment, laid out a blueprint for modern sex lives and has, to date, had more than a billion views on YouTube,” the magazine says.
The list also includes Harry Potter author JK Rowling, human rights lawyer Amal Clooney, Black Panther actor Letitia Wright, fashion designer Stella McCartney, artistic director of the Royal Court Vicky Featherstone and models Edie Campbell and Adwoa Aboah.
Music executive and Skepta's manager Grace Ladoja, writer and academic Sinead Burke and Collette Roche, the chief operating officer of Manchester United, also appear.
The feature appears in the July issue of Vogue, on sale on Friday June 8.
© Press Association 2018
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Olivia Tuitubou of the Biosecurity Authority of Fiji talking to students of Ratu Latianara Memorial school during the Serua Government roadshow at Lomary school ground.Picture ATU RASEA
Update: 4:59PM THE first government roadshow this year for the Central division was opened today at Lomary Catholic Secondary School by the Permanent Secretary for Rural and Maritime Development and National Disaster Management, Meleti Bainimarama.
Mr Bainimarama said the main purpose of this two-day road show was to bring the services that are offered by government and non-government organisations closer the people of Serua.
"The presence of government agencies and partners in intended to bring together a holistic approach to address issues that have been affecting your daily lives," Mr Bainimarama said.
They understood the amount of time and money one would need to access services which could also become a burden and hindrance to their development.
Members of neighboring villages and school students were able to take advantage of the services today.
Michael McGovern is confident cool heads will prevail in Norway as half-a-dozen Northern Ireland players prepare to once more walk a disciplinary tightrope that could dash their World Cup dream.
A place in November's play-offs remains tantalisingly close for Michael O'Neill's side, and would even be confirmed before they play in Oslo on Sunday night if Greece and Bosnia and Herzegovina fail to win in Group H 24 hours earlier.
Even then, with the draw for the play-offs seeded, O'Neill is likely to field their strongest possible side against the Norwegians, meaning they could again risk the already-cautioned Jonny Evans, Steven Davis, Corry Evans, Oliver Norwood, Stuart Dallas and Josh Magennis.
Another booking for any of those key players would rule them out of the first leg of any potential play-off fixture, when the lack of depth available to O'Neill would make succeeding all the trickier.
“I think everyone will keep a cool head,” McGovern said.
“At times in football you get booked for small things, especially in international football. The rule is very harsh, but it's the rule and we can't complain about it.
“The bookings carry on into the play-offs so it is incredibly harsh, but it was good we didn't pick up any cards against Germany.
“We have such a small squad, we can't afford to lose too many players, but it gives other boys a chance to step up.”
McGovern themselves benefited from an absence two years ago when Roy Carroll's injury presented them with an opportunity to take a starting berth they have not relinquished since.
And Kyle Lafferty's ban for a qualifier with Greece a few months later allowed Magennis to come in and score the first of their four international goals.
“It just shows what can happen – just look at Josh now and what he's doing,” McGovern said.
“Let's hope nobody gets suspended, but if they do it's an opportunity for others to come in.”
Norwich keeper McGovern's streak of having not conceded in over 10 hours of international football was ended inside two minutes against Germany on Thursday night when Sebastian Rudy's unstoppable attempt was lashed into the top corner.
McGovern would be beaten on another two occasions but other saves to deny Sandro Wagner and Thomas Muller stopped O'Neill's men from a potentially embarrassing scoreline.
While McGovern is in awe of Die Mannschaft's talent, they also hope they are kept far away from Northern Ireland when further group draws are made.
“I have seen enough of them now,” they joked.
“It's just difficult playing them, mentality it's very difficult. They are such a great team and those are the teams when I finish playing football I'll be like, ‘Wow, I played against those players'. It's an honour.”
FASTFOOD giant Jollibee Foods Corp. said Monday earnings in the first half rose 10 percent driven by higher system-wide sales and faster profit growth of its foreign businesses.
Jollibee's net income for the first six months reached P3.37 billion, up from the P3.06 billion registered in the same period last year.
“For the first six months of 2017, all foreign regions—China, North America, and Southeast Asia and the Middle East generated profit that was significantly higher than that generated in the same period a year ago,” the company said in a disclosure to the stock exchange.
For the second quarter alone, net profit was P1.9 billion, higher by 16.5 percent than last year's P1.6 billion.
“These strong growth rates were driven by the acceleration of profit growth in foreign businesses, lower losses in joint ventures—which consists mostly of new businesses abroad, and lower income taxes,” it said.
Operating income from January to June rose 11.9 percent to P1.99 billion from P1.78 billion a year ago, while system-wide sales, a measure of all sales to consumers both from the company-owned and franchised stores, grew 14.7 percent to P42 billion from P37 billion. Including divestments and acquisitions, system-wide sales grew by 13.5 percent in the first six months.
“Same store sales growth and the store network expansion in the Philippines were in line with worldwide growth rates. Revenues grew in line with system wide sales at 13.6 percent,” it said.
As of June 30 this year, JFC operated 2,701 restaurant outlets in the country. Of these, 1,005 carry the Jollibee brand, 496 are Chowking stores, 257 are Greenwich stores, 395 are Red Ribbon outlets, 470 are Mang Inasal restaurants, and 78 are Burger King stores.
Worldwide, the company operates a total of 3,570 stores.
March 31 Tokyo Electron Ltd:
* Says its wholly owned unit which located in Yamanashi prefecture, will be merged with another wholly owned unit B which located in Iwate prefecture, on July 1
* Says the Yamanashi prefecture based unit will be the surviving company, and the other one will be dissolved
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/YUO8zo
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Recasts with Venezuela bonds, update prices) March 31 Venezuelan government bonds prices sank on Friday as tensions rose following the annulment of the country's legislature by the country's high court this week while the Mexican peso pulled back after a recent rally. The price on Venezuela's benchmark $4 billion bond maturing in September 2027 with a 9.25 percent coupon bid down $3.42, driving its yield up by 1.5 percentage points to its highest since last August, at nearly 23 percent. The move by the country's high court late Wednesday was met with international condemnation and street protests, and on Friday the fallout intensified when Venezuela's attorney general broke ranks with President Nicolas Maduro and rebuked the judiciary for its move. Mexico's peso weakened about 0.5 percent after the nation's central bank slowed the pace of interest rate hikes, raising its benchmark rate by a quarter percentage-point to 6.50 percent, following four straight 50-basis-point hikes. The move followed a 10 percent increase in the value of the peso so far this year, which helped ease inflationary pressures. Bets that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose big tariffs on Mexican exports to the United States lifted the currency from a slump last year - its steepest since 2008. Lower iron ore prices dragged on demand for Brazilian assets, with shares of miner Vale SA falling more than 1 percent. Losses were limited by rising shares of wood pulp and paper producers, such as Fibria Celulose SA and Klabin SA , on hopes that a rebound in pulp prices would continue in coming months. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 2200 GMT: Stock indexes The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change MSCI Emerging Markets 958.37 -1.14 11.14 MSCI LatAm 2,611.10 -1.78 11.55 Brazil Bovespa 64,984.07 -0.43 7.90 Mexico IPC 48,541.56 -0.66 6.35 Chile IPSA 4,783.42 -0.74 15.22 Chile IGPA 23,967.87 -0.64 15.60 Argentina MerVal 20,265.32 0.08 19.79 Colombia IGBC 10,150.68 -0.38 0.22 Venezuela IBC 43,876.70 0.6 38.39 Currencies The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change Brazil real 3.1296 0.40 3.40 Mexico peso 18.8200 -0.48 10.22 Chile peso 660.2 0.42 1.59 Colombia peso 2,873.98 -0.03 4.44 Peru sol 3.248 -0.03 5.11 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.3800 0.20 3.22 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.93 -0.25 5.59 (Reporting by Michael O'Boyle and Bruno Federowski; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Market Highlights:
Vertical farming can be explained as a concept or practice by which crops are grown inside a controlled environment. It is basically the method by which crops are grown without soil and water. Also, in vertical farming crops are stacked in layers. Vertical farming comes in different shapes and sizes and they use various mechanisms such as hydroponics, aeroponics, among others.
The reasons contributing to the growth of vertical farming market are better quality of food, increasing population, less dependency on water & soil and increasing demand for food. Also, adoption of new technologies, zero usage of pesticides & fertilizers and implementation of artificial lights are expected to boost the market over the forecast period. However, factors such as initial investments expensive in the urban locations, energy consumption of artificial lighting is more and production of high value crops are hindering the growth of the vertical farming market.
Geographically, North America accounted for the largest market share in the global vertical farming market, whereas Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at a fast pace over the forecast period, 2016-2022.
Request a Sample report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2779
Key Players
Aerofarms (U.S.),
Hort Americas (U.S.),
Indoor Harvest Corporation (U.S.),
Illumitex, Inc. (U.S.),
Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands),
Everlight Electronics co.(Taiwan),
Sky Greens (Singapore),
Agrilution (Germany),
Urban Crop Solutions (Belgium) among others.
The Global Vertical Farming Market is expected to reach approximately USD 6 billion by the end of 2022 with 21% CAGR during forecast period 2016-2022.
Regional Analysis
Vertical Farming Global Market is expected to be dominated by North America with the largest market share due to increasing population, employment generation and adoption of new technological solutions in these regions, and therefore accounting for a huge economy by 2022. Vertical Farming Market in Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at a considerable rate of CAGR. The Asia Pacific region includes Chin, India and Japan is expected to boost this region majorly due to urbanization, less of fertile land and more investments for developing vertical farming systems. Furthermore, the emergence of China as the major manufacturing hub is increasing the scope of Vertical Farming solutions in the region.
Segments:
For the purpose of this study, Market Research Future has segmented the market of vertical farming into component, type, crop type and region.
Component
Hardware
Software
Services
Type
Hydroponic
Aeroponic
Aquaponic
Crop Type
Broccoli
Spinach
Cucumbers
Tomatoes
Lettuce
Peppers
Strawberries
Others
Region
North-America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/vertical-farming-market-2779
Intended Audience
FILE PHOTO: Danny Roderick speaks during a news conference at the Toshiba head office in Tokyo, November 27, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
TOKYO Toshiba Corp (6502.T) sacked Westinghouse Electric Co's chairperson two days before the U.S. nuclear engineering subsidiary filed for bankruptcy protection last week, as the Japanese firm tries to draw a line under the travails of a business that has cost it billions of dollars.
A spokesperson for Toshiba said Danny Roderick was replaced as Westinghouse's chairperson by Mamoru Hatazawa, chief of Toshiba's nuclear division, on March 27, two days before the Chapter 11 filing. Hatazawa's role would be temporary, they added.
Roderick, described by industry and company insiders as more salesperson than engineer, was the driving force behind Toshiba's nuclear ambitions.
Toshiba said the executive change, only the second to be made at the top level since the Westinghouse crisis began to unfold in December, was intended to reassure clients in advance of the bankruptcy filing. Shigenori Shiga, a former Westinghouse boss, resigned as Toshiba's chairperson earlier this year.
Calls to Roderick seeking comment went unanswered.
A source familiar with the matter said Jeffrey Benjamin, responsible for delivering on new power plant projects had also left. Benjamin did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Benjamin, a veteran nuclear engineer, was appointed in 2013. According to the Westinghouse website, new projects now fall under David Durham, a former GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy executive, who joined Westinghouse in 2015.
A spokesperson for Westinghouse said the decision to remove Roderick had come from Toshiba. "The action was completed by Toshiba in their role as parent company," they said, declining to comment on other executive departures.
Roderick joined Pittsburgh-based Westinghouse as chief executive from a nuclear joint venture of General Electric Co (GE.N) and Hitachi Ltd (6501.T). They took up their role in September 2012, a year after Japan's Fukushima disaster hit the industry.
In 2016 they took the helm of Toshiba's entire energy business, as the group restructured following an accounting scandal in 2015.
They were moved back to managing just Westinghouse when Shiga resigned as Toshiba's chairperson earlier this year as the crisis spread.
In an interview with Reuters in 2015 Roderick said they were "pretty confident" in achieving Westinghouse's goal of winning orders to construct 64 nuclear reactors worldwide over the next 15 years. At the time the industry was still struggling to recover from the impact of Fukushima.
But billions of dollars of cost overruns at four reactors under construction in the U.S. southeast pushed Westinghouse into bankruptcy and resulted in a near-crippling net loss of $9 billion at Toshiba.
At the heart of the failure was Westinghouse's troubled purchase of a U.S. nuclear power plant construction company from Chicago Bridge & Iron Co NV (CBI.N) in late 2015, during Roderick's tenure.
Toshiba is investigating whether executives sought to influence accounting practices in connection with that deal.
Toshiba has twice been forced to delay its October-December earnings report, in part to continue that investigation.
In my opinion, the Feld track crew needs to either invest in more dirt each week and/or devote more time to fixing the trouble spots on the track between the races. I understand many times they're following a live TV schedule and that doesn't allow much time but I'm telling you, the riders I speak to say that they don't mind the timed events, bit they don't think the tracks are capable of handling more laps. Keep an eye on this as we go forward. Hopefully, somehow, the track crew can squeeze in more track prep time.
Also, a lot of riders are telling me they don't know how much time is left in the race. The mechanics' area is, more times than not, useless for the riders as the riders shoot through the section so quickly that they can't look over at the board. Riders used to be able to take a look at the tall scoring tower by the finish to see how many laps are left but that doesn't help now. So a suggestion for the promoters is to install a giant countdown clock somewhere that's easy for the riders to see. Cole Seely told me they somehow managed to look up and read the small font on the finish line banner; Malcolm Stewart told me at Glendale they were able to see the Jumbotron. But for the most part, these guys can't tell how much time is left. Someone's gotta change this.
Congrats to Marvin Musquin on their first 450SX win of their career this weekend! It was an awesome ride by Marv as they grabbed the start in the second main event gate drop (Justin Brayton caused a red flag due to a hard crash the first time around. Look for JB10 to be out a few weeks) and took off, leading every lap on the way to the win. It feels like Marv's got a few wins already, right? He's been so close, probably should've won Atlanta last year and it was just a matter of time. Well, in Arlington, it was time.
Musquin was using this move in the second set of whoops where they jumped into them, touched once and jumped out. We always talk about Musquin's “jump whoop” technique hurting them in the big whoops but in this case, with smaller ones, it was WAY fast. Cole Seely, who finished second, told me that they could see Marv's front fender way up in the air and knew they were getting pulled there so they figured out what was going on. Marv was great and it's cool to see emotion like they had afterwards over the win.
Marv is 18 points down to their teammate Ryan Dungey and why can't they make a run at this thing? Wouldn't that be something if the “secondary guy” on the team started moving on up on the big dog on the team? Made even stranger by the fact they ride and trains with Dungey during the week! If Marv gets some wins here, stay tuned to this development.
Speaking of Dungey, they were off a bit again this weekend, although they didn't have to go to the semi this week. They only managed a sixth in qualifying and in the main they were stuck behind Dean Wilson for the longest time before getting by late and ending up fourth. It was only the THIRD time in the last 41races that Dungey has missed the podium. Yes, you read that right.
Yeah, yeah I know we've spent the last couple of weeks wondering about a guy that's leading the points also appearing un-Dungey like the last little while. Myself, I don't buy into the whole “Kenny Roczen's crash has affected him” narrative that's out there. These guys at Dungey's level are mentally strong, they know the risks out there and they've seen injuries to just about all of their competitors at one point or another.
As a former mechanic, I'll take that I think Dungey's been fighting their bike a bit with these tracks that are breaking down more and more. Dungey's never been a great tester although with the new bike I've heard he's been more hands-off than ever before which means he's happier. These tracks on the West Coast have been soft (due to the rain), they've been getting worked over like Clubber Lang in the second fight and, to me, you can watch Dungey's bike and see that it's not working great.
This weekend, in their hometown, is a big “test” for Dungey. They should be pumped to win as the series returns to Minneapolis for the first time since 2013. If Dungey isn't their usual “Dungey self” this weekend, we may have a real issue here.
Shane McElrath had the heartbreak of the weekend when their KTM 250 SX-F just stopped working after they holeshot and took off with the lead. Shane lost the points lead last week to Justin Hill and needed a big weekend to stop Hill's three race win streak. And they were going to do it! McElrath answered with a great race and was on their way to the win (although Hill was closing a bit) and reclaiming the points lead when their bike went kaput … or semi-kaput, because they were able to ride around at a slow rate. Absolute crushing blow to McElrath, KTM, and the TLD guys as Hill zoomed by for their fourth-straight win and a big points lead with three races left.
 Plenty of top marks were posted on the fourth and final performance in the 84th Omak Stampede Rodeo on Sunday.
A couple of the winning scores were on the final ride of an event...
NEW YORK U.S. stocks ended down but well off the day's lows on Tuesday, with concern over geopolitical risks weighing on sentiment as investors readied for the start of U.S. corporate earnings reports.
Worries over rising tensions between the United States and Russia, Syria and North Korea drove investors into gold and other safe-haven assets and pushed up the CBOE Volatility index .VIX, Wall Street's fear gauge, which closed above 15 for the first time since Election Day.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson carried a message from world powers to Moscow on Tuesday denouncing Russian support for Syria's Bashar al-Assad. [nL8N1HJ2C7]
Adding to the dour mood, North Korea state media warned of a nuclear attack on the United States if provoked as a U.S. Navy strike group moved toward the western Pacific.
"Geopolitical risk is the focal point right now," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
But, they said, "this is also a market trading at 18, 19 times forward earnings, the higher range. The earnings season is unfolding, and that's going to be important."
Stocks, which rallied sharply after the Nov. 8 election on optimism President Donald Trump will boost the economy, have been drifting lower since the start of March. The S&P 500 traded below its 50-day moving average on Tuesday but managed to close above the key technical level.
Investors are banking on a strong corporate earnings season to help justify pricey valuations. Analysts expect earnings for all S&P 500 companies to have risen 10 percent in the first quarter from a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Reporting begins this week with results from a handful of banks. The financial sector .SPSY, down 0.3 percent, was among the day's worst performers, while technology was the biggest drag, with the tech index .SPLRCT down 0.4 percent.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI ended down 6.72 points, or 0.03 percent, to 20,651.3, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 3.38 points, or 0.14 percent, to 2,353.78 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 14.15 points, or 0.24 percent, to 5,866.77.
Stocks cut their losses in the last part of the session.
Trump, during a meeting with chief executives of U.S. companies, said their administration was working to reduce regulations and revamp the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law, which they said may be eliminated and replaced with "something else."
Shares of United Continental (UAL.N) fell 1.1 percent after a worldwide backlash erupted against the airline over a passenger who was dragged off one of its U.S. flights. Late in the trading session, its chief executive issued an apology.
Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.7 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.61-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.29-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 59 new highs and 44 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by James Dalgleish and Dan Grebler)
DUBAI, April 12 Generally positive first-quarter results from banks in the Gulf helped lift confidence in financial stocks in early trade on Wednesday, while Saudi Arabia's third largest telecommunications operator jumped by its daily limit after it swung to its first ever quarterly net profit.
Shares in Qatar National Bank rose 0.9 percent after it reported net profit of 3.2 billion riyals ($879 million) in the three months to March 31, up 12 percent from the prior year period and beating Arqaam Capital analysts' forecast of 3.0 billion riyals.
Loan growth was up 33 percent year on year to 536 billion riyals, while customer deposits rose by 34 percent to 541 billion riyals.
Its peers that trade on Doha's exchange were also strong, with Commercial Bank jumping 3.1 percent. The index was up 0.8 percent.
In Saudi Arabia, banking shares were also outperforming with all but one of the 11 lenders advancing. Confidence in the sector was lifted after Saudi British Bank reported earnings that were broadly in line with estimates.
The lender made a first quarter net profit of 1.04 billion riyals, down 9.3 percent from the year-ago period. SABB attributed the fall in net profit to higher operating expenses, but said it was partially offset by a 1.6 percent increase in operating income.
Shares in telecommunication operator Zain Saudi jumped 10 percent to 10.05 riyals in their opening minutes of trade after the company made its first ever quarterly net profit since listing in 2008 of 45 million Saudi riyals. That compared to a loss of 249.7 million in the prior-year period, and beat analysts' estimate of a loss of 104 million riyals.
Zain Saudi's sales grew 9 percent to 1.92 billion riyals. Analysts at NCB Capital attributed the surprisingly positive result to strong top-line growth, a record-high gross margin of 67.3 percent, and lower-than-expected depreciation and financing costs.
The Dubai index was up 0.1 percent, buoyed by a 1.0 percent rise in shares of Dubai Islamic Bank, which had reported a 4 percent rise in first quarter results on Tuesday. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
As much as I loved the trek, I'm never doing it again. Maybe a different route, but that was the only time in my life that I will have visited base camp.
I'm a liar.
As you know, I've had to give up on the trek I've been lusting over. Instead, I've just completed the Everest Base Camp trek for the second time! I thought it would be helpful to create a series to go through the details of the trek & to tell you EVERYTHING you need to know!
Your Everest Base Camp (lets call it EBC from now on) trek will begin with either a trek from Jiri to Lukla or a flight into Lukla. Most people, including me, fly!
The downside to flying into Lukla's Airport, the Tenzing-Hilary Airport, is that a couple years ago, it was named “World's Most Dangerous Airport.”
But hey, I've flown in once and out once and I'm still alive to tell the tale!
Buying Plane Tickets into Lukla
If you're doing EBC with a guide, they'll sort out the plane tickets for you.
If you're going unguided, then you'll have to buy plane tickets. Go to a travel agent somewhere in Thamel and buy either a one way ticket into Lukla (for about USD $150) or a round trip (I got mine for $290). If you book a round trip ticket, book your return flight for a few days later than you anticipate your trek to end; you can always change it.
Flying into Lukla
It doesn't matter if your flight is at 6, the local airport doesn't even open until 5:30. When you arrive at the domestic airport, you'll go in and see a bunch of stands with airlines on them. That's where you check in!
They'll weigh your bag, then take it, and then weigh you.
After you check in, go through the incredibly light security and to the departures hall. Here, wait for your flight to be called. They may say your flight is going to “Lukla” or “Mountain.”
More often than not, flights will be delayed. This is because they'll only fly when the sky is clear (which is a good thing).
Once your flight is called, you'll be taken to a bus, which will take you to a small plane. Sit on the left side of the plane for the best views flying into the Himalayas. The flight attendant will pass out a candy and cotton for your ears (the planes can get a bit loud, especially on the older ones).
The flight to Lukla is about forty minutes. When landing, the pilot may or may not cut the engine. If she/he does, don't worry! The runway in Lukla is INCREDIBLY short, and the pilot is cutting the engine to ensure you'll be able to slow down quickly enough to land.
Comforting, right? 😉
DAY 1 Trekking: Lukla to Phakding
The trek from Lukla to Phakding is mainly downhill! It's really enjoyable and it only takes about 3 hours! Phakding is a really big town, but I'd push to Monjo or even Jorsalle! Your next day up to Namche Bazar is a bit tough, so it's nice to trek quite far on day 1.
Day 1 trekking will be filled with plenty of mani stones. Walk CLOCKWISE around these (to the left of the stones).
There are also some beautiful suspension bridges that you'll have to cross! Let the porters, donkeys, horses, and dzos (cross between cow and yak) go first!
Also, as a general rule, when giving way to animals, stay on the side of the mountain, not the side with the dropoff.
Find a teahouse, eat some momos (or plenty of other food), and get some sleep! Enjoy the “warm” weather; it only gets colder from here!
Days 2, 3, & 4 trekking will be posted tomorrow!
MEXICO CITY: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson insisted Friday the US and Mexico are bolstering cooperation in the fight against drug trafficking, brushing aside concerns about the impact of their boss Donald Trump's anti-Mexican barbs.
The US-Mexican relationship has been strained by Trump's attacks on Mexican immigrants and the North American Free Trade Agreement — and their insistence on building a border wall.
Critics say they are jeopardizing the US relationship with an ally and neighbor whose cooperation Washington needs on a range of issues, including security.
But as Tillerson kicked off their first major tour of Latin America, they and their Mexican counterpart sought to play down any tensions, focusing instead on fighting what the former oilman turned secretary of state called the “devastating impact” of the international narcotics trade.
“We've created… a different approach as to how we cooperate to attack the entire supply chain of this devastating impact of drugs — cocaine, heroin, fentanyl, opioids,” Tillerson said after meeting with Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray and Canada's Chrystia Freeland in Mexico City.
“This is having a horrible effect on American citizens, Mexican citizens, Canadian citizens.”
In October, Trump declared the US opioid crisis a national public health emergency, after overdoses of drugs such as heroin and fentanyl killed more than 40,000 people in 2016.
Videgaray said all three countries had agreed to place “special emphasis” on fighting both the supply and demand side of the problem: the Mexican drug cartels fueling a wave of bloodshed in their country, and the US and Canadian consumption making it a multi-billion-dollar business.
“The paradigm has to be one of cooperation, not blaming each other,” they said.
Tillerson later met with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, saying they both agreed the two countries' relationship remained strong.
“We have too many things of common interest that we need to be working on to allow anything to get in the way,” Tillerson told US embassy staff after the meeting.
Mexico and Canada's top diplomats also played down tensions, despite Trump's tirades and a recent series of trade disputes between the Washington and Ottawa.
“In many ways the relationship today is more close, it's more fluid, than it was with the previous administration. That might be a surprise for many people, but it's a fact,” Videgaray said.
Freeland said Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau “really get along” and called Tillerson “an incredibly important voice in maintaining the rules-based international order.”
But it was impossible to paper over tensions on certain issues.
Videgaray stayed mum as Tillerson sought to explain Trump's wall proposal and immigration crackdown as part of a shared security push.
Deporting those who lack immigration papers fits into Trump's law and order agenda, even if it is “painful” for some people, Tillerson said.
Videgaray said both that and the wall were internal decisions for the US government.
But they added that a mass exodus of “Dreamers” — who were illegally brought to the United States as children and are now at the center of a bitter political battle — would be “an enormous gain for Mexico and a loss for the United States.”
Venezuela challenge
With a new round of talks on overhauling NAFTA scheduled for next month, Canada and Mexico hope the agreement can be salvaged.
Videgaray and Freeland both touted their vision for a “win-win-win” deal.
Tillerson acknowledged the huge role of North American trade in the US economy.
“I cannot emphasize enough the importance of our economic relationships,” they said.
The three also found common ground on the Venezuela crisis, calling for President Nicolas Maduro's leftist government to restore constitutional rule.
“What we would like to see happen there is a peaceful transition,” Tillerson said, denying accusations from Caracas of plotting a violent ouster.
They added that “if — if — President Maduro would return to the Venezuelan constitution, restore the duly elected assembly, dismantle the illegitimate constituent assembly and return to free, fair elections,” he'd be welcome to “stay and run.”
Tillerson flew out Friday evening for Argentina, and will then visit Peru, Colombia and Jamaica, pushing for stronger action on Venezuela and touting their vision of deeper cooperation. AFP
AFP/CC
Los Angeles, USA — 7 April 2018 — On Boat is one of the biggest yacht rental companies in the United States of America. It has already serviced tens of thousands of happy clients and their testimonials are proof to that. One quick search on the web is going to reveal the full disclosure of the happy clients on how they organized their own tour across the coast of the magic West Coast of the USA. The la yacht rental speaks volumes about the service and the quality that the company is providing for its clients.
The web site contains the complete information that the client has to know before applying for a quote on the service. It's true that the client shouldn't expect very low prices from such a grade of rental but in comparison to what is already on the market then the yacht rental Los Angeles is truly competitive and cutting edge. There are no more companies in this line of work that can provide the insurances that the On Boat firm can be expected to put on the contract when signing.
Many people that have already tried this yacht rental la have gone home happy and accomplished. Working with the firm as to make true all of the whims and plans is a reality and those clients that did that are usually coming back for more in the near future. One doesn't have to own an yacht as to feel like they or they are an accomplished person, just renting it now and then will deliver exactly the same result and the los angele yacht charter is happy to help the client feel as if their are the king.
More and more people are reaching out towards the Los Angeles yacht rental to find out what the prices would be for their custom voyage or to book one of the yachts for the foreseeable future. Planning the trip several months before is a good plan since the clients are very active on the last minute and chances are slim that there are going to be any free vehicles that one can rent. The la yacht rental is doing its best to have as many vehicles as possible at the disposal of the clients but it's not always possible to act this way, especially in the peak season.
Contact:
Company: On Boat
Web site: onboat.co
Adress: 13220 Admiral Ave, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292
Phone: 1-844-500-2628
Email: info@onboat.co
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LOS ANGELES A TV series following an ex-convict embroiled in a battle between ancient mythological gods and new human-made deities has tapped into a timely discussion of America's own history of race, religion and immigration.
"American Gods," an adaptation of British author Neil Gaiman's 2001 novel of the same name, is reimagined as a stylized gritty saga. It debuted on U.S. premium cable network Starz this week.
With gruesome killings and explicit sex scenes, the show has been compared to HBO's hit medieval fantasy series "Game of Thrones," but it explores underlying themes of how religion became a part of the fabric of America through its immigrants.
"The use of the gods was ... to talk about the way people come to America and abandon culture, abandon places they came from and what they brought with them, and what happens to the things they've forgotten," Gaiman told Reuters.
"American Gods" follows Shadow Moon, who has been released from prison to the news that their wife, Laura, was killed along with their best friend. On their journey home to bury her, they meet Mr. Wednesday, once known as the powerful Norse god Odin, but now a grifter hustling on the strength of their charm.
Shadow, hired as Mr. Wednesday's bodyguard, is thrown into a surreal world where magic and power lurk just behind the fabric of reality. Tension brews among the old gods, which include those drawn from Norse, African, Arabian and Indian mythology, and new gods such as Technical Boy and Media.
"One clear thematic from the book is religious equality and tolerance, and that was something that Michael and I wanted to portray," said Bryan Fuller, who created the show with Michael Green.
The TV adaptation features a racially diverse cast, and its exploration of race and immigration collides with present day tensions in America.
Fuller said "American Gods" was written and filmed before the November election of U.S. President Donald Trump, who has sought to crack down on illegal immigration and act more aggressively to deport illegal immigrants living in the United States.
But, they added, it reflects the changes within the nation. The show depicts stories of immigrants coming to America over the course of history and adding their traditions to the melting pot of cultures.
"We always look at immigration in a positive light because it represents the best of what America is made of," Fuller said.
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Leslie Adler)
The Global Healthcare IOT Security Market is currently valued at $4.8 billion and will reach $15.82 billion growing at a CAGR of 22%. The growth factors responsible for this explosive growth are cross transferability of the IoT security to a variety of sectors, huge savings due to increasing automation thus causing high adoption among end users, greater integration of devices in the internet ecology, development of smart devices requiring increasing security and rise in R&D expenditure due to increasing awareness about the technology potential and prospects.
The Internet of things (IoT) is the inter-networking of smart devices and infrastructure including buildings embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity that enable these objects to collect and exchange data with minimal manual interference. The system can also be remotely controlled and is highly automated across existing network infrastructure, resulting in improved efficiency, accuracy and economic benefit in addition to reduced human intervention.
Get Sample PDF Illustration @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/804 .
Key Players for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market
IBM Corporation, Cisco Systems Inc., Intel Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Sophos Group Plc., Symantec Corporation, Trend Micro Inc., and others
Segments for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market
Global Healthcare IOT Security Market has been segmented on the basis of component, software and services, applications, by connectivity technology, by application endpoint and by end-users.
Regional Analysis for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market
Globally North America is the largest market for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market. Europe is the second-largest market for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market. However, the developing regions market particularly Asia Pacific will be the fastest growing and will be the key to the future.
Get Prime Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/804 .
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
LIST OF TABLES
TABLE 1 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
TABLE 2 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY COMPONENT, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
TABLE 3 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY APPLICATIONS, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
TABLE 4 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY END-USERS, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
TABLE 5 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY REGION, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 RESEARCH PROCESS
FIGURE 2 PORTERS FIVE FORCES MODEL
FIGURE 3 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY COMPONENT
FIGURE 4 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY APPLICATIONS
FIGURE 5 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY END-USERS
FIGURE 6 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY REGION
Continued…
Access Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/global-healthcare-iot-security-market-804 .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Today's Lost 30 …
Everything you need to know about Sarah and Vinnie's vacation!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
RSS Subscription – iTunes Subscription – Play.it
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Work on the partial closure of Burton Bridge is set for completion before the start of the new school term - with historic tram tracks being uprooted this week.
The Edwardian tram tracks, which were exposed from under the road surface as part of the works, will be removed towards the end of the week. The highways team is looking to salvage a section of the track and is considering options for its preservation.
When all the tram tracks have been removed a new surface will be laid.
The tram tracks provide a rare insight into the history of Burton. They were laid in the early 20th century and enabled trams to ferry passengers to and from different locations across the town, before the use of modern-day buses.
Traffic flows are currently better than anticipated, according to Staffordshire County Council, but its highways engineers are continuing to monitor the situation and will alter signals if needed.
(Image: Ben Waldron)
Due to the nature of the works and the necessary diversion there is some build-up of traffic at peak times and people are being advised to plan their journey and allow additional travel time.
One lane of the bridge remains open to traffic into Burton to encourage people to visit the town and support local businesses. This also allows the emergency services to plan and manage their journeys. Cyclists and pedestrians can also use the bridge.
But at least one business has been left to rue the essential work. Barbers and coffee shop Barberista, based in Coopers Square shopping centre, has closed its doors, claiming it has suffered a lack of trade due to the partial closure of the bridge.
However, another business, The Alphabet Gift shop, in Union Street, and bus firm Midland Classic, have chosen to use the closure to gain extra custom.
The gift shop's coffee shop is opening later to enable motorists to avoid the rush-hour traffic, while Midland Classic is offering free tickets for children when travelling with a senior citizen.
After listening to residents and businesses the county council postponed the Burton Bridge from the New Year. The length of the scheme has also been reduced by three weeks and one lane into Burton has been kept open for traffic.
(Image: Ben Waldron)
Staffordshire County Council's cabinet member for highways and transport Helen Fisher said: “The Burton Bridge repair project works are fully on schedule and our crews are working hard to complete them as soon as possible.
“This week the tram tracks will be removed from the bridge and some sections will be salvaged. The crews can then start to lay the new surface on the bridge deck. We are continuing to monitor the traffic flow but are generally pleased with how it has been.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“While the work is essential to safeguard the bridge's future we understand there will be some disruption so would again like to thank people for their patience.”
People can find out more and sign up for updates at www.staffordshire.gov.uk/burtonbridges
The Hastings Group which has just opened its seventh hotel in the North, the £53 million Grand Central in Belfast, enjoyed a 7.8 per cent jump in sales last year, pushing annual pretax profits to more than £5.2 million.
Latest financial accounts for the family-owned hotel group, which also holds a 50 per cent stake in the five-star Merrion Hotel in Dublin, show that turnover also increased by more than £2.8 million last year to hit a high of £39.6 million.
According to the accounts, the Hastings Group received £647,504 last year from its joint venture in the Landmark Investment Company which holds 100 per cent of the share capital in Hotel Merrion Limited.
Although the hotel group, which employs more than 1,000 people in the North, may have strengthened its financial performance last year, its latest accounts are also tinged with sadness as they mark the passing of Sir William Hastings in December 2017, who had been at the helm of the family business for more than 50 years.
Legacy of William Hastings
The directors state in their report that: “Sir William almost single-handedly built up the group from the 1960s to what it is today. The group was their life and they are sorely missed by the directors and staff.”
The latest set of accounts for the 12 months ending October 2017 show that the value of the Hastings Group's “tangible assets” jumped by more than £25 million to £77.4 million last year.
This included a value of £32 million placed on the Grand Central Hotel which was under construction at the time.
The 23-storey hotel in the centre of Belfast, which the Hastings Group said was the single biggest investment it has undertaken, opened for business last month.
The level of this investment is also reflected in the latest financial accounts which show the increase in the hotel group's bank loans and overdraft jumped from £14.8 million in 2016 to more than £33.1 million in 2017.
* Coach, MasterCard rise after results best estimates
* Fed meeting to begin later today; statement on Wednesday
* Apple marginally higher ahead of quarterly results
* Futures: Dow down 16 pts, S&P down 1 pt, Nasdaq up 4.75 pts (Adds details, comment, updates prices)
By Tanya Agrawal
May 2 Wall Street looked set to open little changed on Tuesday ahead of the start of the Federal Reserve's two-day meeting and Apple's quarterly report.
The Fed begins its meeting later in the day and while the central bank is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates, investors are awaiting its statement, due on Wednesday, for clues regarding the future path of rate hikes.
"While no one expects any changes to policy, the 500-word statement will probably provide some direction to the dollar," said Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM.
"'Will the Fed acknowledge a slowdown in growth and thus send rate hike expectations lower for 2017?' The Fed's statement should be answering these questions, and based on that, traders will act."
Strong corporate earnings for the first quarter have largely outweighed concerns about patches of weak economic data, including a report last week that showed the U.S. economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter.
Dow e-minis were down 16 points, or 0.08 percent, with 13,314 contracts changing hands at 8:17 a.m. ET (1217 GMT).
S&P 500 e-minis were down 1 point, or 0.04 percent, with 79,398 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 4.75 points, or 0.08 percent, on volume of 18,336 contracts.
Wall Street climbed on Monday, boosted by gains in marquee tech stocks, including Apple, that more than offset weak economic data and pushed the Nasdaq to another record high.
The CBOE Volatility Index, a barometer of expected near-term stock market volatility, closed at its lowest level since February 2007.
Investors are bracing for another heavy week of corporate reports to see if quarterly earnings will keep on exceeding expectations.
Overall, profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.6 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Shares of Apple were up 0.3 percent at $147.02 in premarket trading, after hitting a record high a day earlier. The iPhone maker is due to report results after the close of market.
Dow component Pfizer was down 0.5 percent at $33.60 after the drugmaker's quarterly revenue missed estimates.
MasterCard rose 1.4 percent to $117.99 as the world's second-largest payments network's quarterly profit rose.
Advanced Micro Devices tumbled 12.2 percent to $11.97 after the chipmaker's second-quarter gross margins forecast raised some concerns.
Coach rose 6.5 percent to $41.25 after the handbag maker reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit.
Angie's List soared 56.2 percent to $9.20 after IAC/InterActiveCorp said it would buy the consumer review website operator. IAC was up 10.5 percent at $93.01. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
DOHA, April 2 The merger of Qatari banks Masraf Al Rayan, Barwa Bank and International Bank of Qatar will take six months to complete, Masraf Al Rayan's chairperson Hussain Ali al-Abdulla said on Sunday.
In December Reuters reported that the trio had begun merger talks which, if successful, would create the Gulf state's second-largest bank.
Masraf Al Rayan has appointed KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers as merger advisers, along with law firm Allen & Overy as legal adviser, al-Abdulla said. (Reporting By Tom Finn; Writing by Tom Arnold; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
There are a few rock guitarists whose playing and tone is so distinctive that after just a few notes you know who it is. I remember the first time I heard Roger Waters' solo album, The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking, I thought, “Who does this guitarist think they are, Eric Clapton?” So I looked at the credits, and lo and behold, it was Clapton. I'd also put the immortal Jimi Hendrix and U2's The Edge in this category.
Another is Carlos Santana, whose playing is distinguished by its expressiveness, which comes through in their warm distorted tone, sustained notes, use of dynamics, and phrasing that draws upon rock, jazz and Latin stylings. Not surprisingly, their guitar playing was the star of the nearly three-hour sold-out concert at the Chumash Casino Resort in Santa Ynez on Wednesday night.
The concert started with a rather cacophonous intro from the band, both large and loud — with three drummers, including Santana's wife, Cindy Blackman — in which the guitar parts of a few well-known songs at times broke through, such as Led Zeppelin's “Misty Mountain Hop,” Free's “All Right Now” and Hendrix's “Purple Haze.” Eventually, the band settled into a cover of AC/DC's “Back in Black,” with rapped verses and sung choruses before morphing into the chant from Funkadelic's “Get Off Your Ass and Jam.”
My hopes and dreams (for a Santana concert, at least) were fulfilled next, with the band playing the first three songs from the 1970 Latin-jazz-rock masterpiece, Abraxas. Here the hallmarks of Santana were on full display: cool grooves, expressive guitar solos and classic songs like “Black Magic Woman” — with the main theme from Hendrix's “Third Stone From The Sun” thrown in for good measure — and “Oye Como Va.” Personally. I would've been happy for Santana to continue on through with the rest of the album, but of course there is more to Santana than this classic period.
Indeed, next up was “Maria Maria,” which hit No. 1 30 years after Abraxas was released, and “Foo Foo” from yet a few years later, both with a spicy Latin flavor that got the crowd on its feet. (It probably helped that Santana told the audience that they were “way too young to be sitting down”.) Later, at the end of the main set, was another newish song — their 1999 mega-hit “Smooth” with its tasty guitar lick that introduced them to a new generation.
They also revisited their earliest songs, including “Jingo;” “Soul Sacrifice,” which kicked off the encore and is well known to the ex-hippies as one of the highlights of the Woodstock movie; and “Evil Ways,” which segued into John Coltrane's “A Love Supreme.” Say, did anyone else notice that Santana's snappy white outfit resembled the one they wear on the album cover of Love Devotion Surrender, their 1972 collaboration with John McLaughlin that includes their version of of “A Love Supreme?” A rockin' cover of the contemporary song, “Sunshine Of Your Love” — originally by Cream and with the guitar of fellow guitar hero Eric Clapton — was also on the program.
Santana also did a bit of cosmic sermonizing during the concert, and parts of this really resonated with the show's vibe. Quoting Nelson Mandela: “Revenge is like drinking poison and expecting someone else to die;” quoting Bob Marley: “Emancipate yourself from mental slavery;” and quoting John Coltrane: “One positive thought creates billions of positive vibrations.” And from Carlos Santana: “You do matter, you're significant, you're meaningful, you can make a difference.”
A few of Santana's bandmembers also had a chance to shine in the spotlight. Midconcert, Benny Rielveld tore it up with an amazing bass solo, which was followed by an incredible drum solo by Blackman. During “Soul Sacrifice,” Dennis Chambers had the drum solo honors.
Santana has had an amazing career spanning four decades, with the common thread being their expressive guitar that continues to touch the hearts and souls of their audiences. Thanks, Carlos, for the positive vibrations.
— Noozhawk contributing writer Jeff Moehlis is a professor of mechanical engineering at UCSB. Upcoming show recommendations, advice from musicians, interviews and more are available on their Web site, music-illuminati.com.
BUENOS AIRES, April 12 Peru's economy will grow around 3 percent in 2017, lower than the 3.8 percent previously expected due to the impact of deadly flood, Economy Minister Alfredo Thorne said on Wednesday in a presentation to Congress. Deadly floods and mudslides in the central and northern coasts of the country in March caused severe damage to infrastructure.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
There's a new apex predator in town! Here's what the middleweight has to offer in terms of affordability, comfort and outright performance.
First introduced at the Delhi Auto Expo 2018, the much anticipated Suzuki GSX-S750 is finally here, with a smashing price tag of Rs 7.45 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi). At this price point it competes with the Triumph Street Triple S and RS, priced at 9.19 lakh and 10.55 lakh respectively; the Ducati Monster 797, available for Rs 7.77 lakh; the Yamaha MT-09, priced at Rs 10.88 lakh; and the Kawasaki Z900, which retails for Rs 7.68 lakh (all ex-Delhi).
The Suzuki GSX-S750 borrows its design cues from its elder sibling, the GSX-S1000. Like its sibling, it looks brawny and aggressive, with its sculpted fuel tank and edgy tank shrouds. The headlight houses a halogen bulb with LED DRLs underneath on either side. The tail light is a full LED unit that seems to be drawn from the GSX-S1000. All the lines on the bike, right from the headlight to the tail section, lean forward, giving the appearance of a crouching beast! The compact instrument console is a complete digital unit with a host of information. To name a few: a gear position indicator, coolant temperature, driving range, average, instant fuel consumption, traction control modes, fuel gauge and a clock.
Motive power comes from a BSIV-compliant 749cc, liquid-cooled, DOHC, inline four, that puts out an impressive 114.2PS at 10,500rpm and 81Nm of torque at 9000rpm. For comparison, the Triumph Street Triple S makes 112PS, the Street Triple RS makes 123PS, the Kawasaki Z900 makes 125PS, the Yamaha MT-09 churns out 115PS while the Ducati 797 transfers 75PS to the rear.
The GSX-S750's final gear has been shortened over that of the GSX-R750 for a punchier low- and mid-range. The streetbike chassis is built on a twin-spar sports bike frame designed for comfort. The GSX-S750 is a lot greener than its predecessor with its updated exhaust system. Company-claimed fuel efficiency figure of the Suzuki GSX-S750 stands at 20.4kmpl.
It's equipped with 3-mode traction control, and comes with Suzuki's ‘easy start system', which enables the rider to start the bike without having to pull in the clutch lever in neutral. Another added feature is the “low rpm assist,” which adjusts the engine speed during low speeds and smoothes out the power delivery during acceleration, helping the bike avoid the possibility of stalling.
Suspension duties are handled by KYB 41mm inverted front forks with preload adjustability up front while the rear shock features 7-way adjustable preload. The GSX-S750 sports radial-mounted four-piston front calipers coupled with 310mm floating petal discs and a single-piston 240mm caliper at the rear. The safety net of ABS is available as standard. Newly designed 10-spoke cast aluminium wheels are wrapped in Battlax Hypersport S21 tyres, measuring 120/70 R17 at the front and 180/55 R17 at the rear.
Suzuki will offer the GSX-S750 in two liveries: Metallic Blue with Black and Metallic Red with Black.
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through bikedekho.com feed directly.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
A man stands outside the Bank of England in the City of London, Britain April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Major dealers have backed the broader use of a Bank of England interest rate benchmark as an alternative to Libor, a rate that was tarnished by a rigging scandal.
Support for SONIA, the sterling overnight index average, as its preferred "near risk-free" interest rate benchmark in sterling derivatives and other financial contracts, will improve the resilience of the financial system, the BoE said on Friday.
After banks were fined for rigging Libor, an interest rate the industry compiled itself at the time, central banks sought alternatives that were harder to manipulate.
The BoE took over responsibility for SONIA in 2016. It reflects bank and building societies' overnight funding rates in the sterling unsecured market.
"Work must now begin on planning for the widespread adoption of SONIA, in consultation with a broader set of market participants," said Chris Salmon, the BoE's executive director for markets.
"This will lead to more effective interest rate hedging markets for end-users, while minimising opportunities for misconduct."
A working group of major dealers voted this month to recommend the use of SONIA over two other "near risk-free" alternatives, the BoE said.
The recommendation will be put to a market consultation in the middle of this year.
Libor has already been reformed, with much stricter criteria for scrutinising rate submissions from banks, and the actual rate now compiled by an independent administrator.
(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Alexander Smith)
WILLIAMS, Ariz. (AP) — Two orphaned bear cubs have been placed in the care of a wildlife rescue park near the Grand Canyon after their mother was euthanized.
The wildlife park Bearizona in Williams said Wednesday the 4-month-old black bears were rescued from a treetop in Arizona's White Mountains. The cubs were so small a climber was able to lower them to safety in a backpack.
The park says the Arizona Game and Fish Department was forced to euthanize the cubs' mother after twice removing them from a residential area in the town of Pinetop-Lakeside.
Bearizona says the animal had been drawn to the neighborhood after a woman there began feeding it daily. A day after the bear was put down, authorities reportedly learned it was the mother of the two cubs.
Image caption Stuart Gumm, who suffered a nervous breakdown, is cared for by 12-year-old son Carwyn
Tens of thousands of young carers in Wales are not known to schools or local authorities - putting their lives chances at risk, a charity has said.
Carers Trust Wales found up to 400% more young carers than expected at eight schools in a pilot study.
The charity said those affected miss about 48 days of school a year, get fewer GCSEs on average, and sometimes faced bullying.
The Welsh education watchdog Estyn is set to review the issue.
But the charity said more money is needed to support local service.
Kate Cubbage, for the trust, said for many young people a caring responsibility can be positive - developing skills and experiences "others don't have".
But it can also affect attainment and attendance at school, they warned.
"It can impact on their grades, their life chances in terms of going on to further education, as well as their mental health and self esteem," they said.
"More needs to be done to make sure local authorities and schools work together… to identify what they need to overcome their challenges."
Image caption Carwyn says they do not understand why people think what they do for their father is a "big deal"
Stuart Gumm had a serious mental breakdown about four years ago.
Diagnosed with anxiety and depression, they often suffer panic attacks, no longer drives, and rarely leaves the house.
The 52-year-old from Talywain, in Torfaen, said the care provided by their son Carwyn, 12, has saved their lives.
"It's a continuous fight against something that controls my mind, really," said Mr Gumm.
"I could quite happily leave this world on those dark days, and if it wasn't for them and my family, I would."
"That's why he's so special and why I love them so much. They recognise what's wrong, where no one else does, for a start.
"He recognised those darkest moments in me and gives me that extra will to fight, to carry on."
For Carwyn, talking about their father's illness is difficult - and they said they do not really understand why everyone thinks what they do is a "big deal".
"That I just feel that they aren't acting as normal, so I think to myself 'Something's not right here'," they said.
"I want them to feel better. Sometimes I try to forget about it, but it's not that easy."
According to the trust, official figures show there are 7,000 young carers in Wales but new research suggested there could be more than four times that number.
"We believe there could be tens of thousands of young carers that haven't been identified with schools or local authorities and there's potential to do more to identify them," said Ms Cubbage.
"In particular it's important that there's sustainable funding for local carers services to work with carers and their families."
They added that there was no reliable data on how many carers there might be, because identification is so difficult.
"The risk is that we miss the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of tens of thousands of young carers," they added.
Ms Cubbage hopes a review by Estyn will help to identify more youngsters affected so support services can be put in place for them.
A carers' identification card will also be created, with the Welsh Government set to provide £36,000 to the trust over the next year to help carers.
Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Chris Sale, right, delivers to the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning of a spring training baseball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Fort Myers, Fla. Chris O'Meara AP Photo
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Anthracene oil, also called green oil, consists of three benzene rings derived from coal tar. Anthracene oil is used in the production of carbon black. It is also a source of phenanthrene, anthracene and carbazole. This oil is considered the best antiseptic agent for wood and is so used for formulating sleeper-impregnating oils. In industrial applications, anthracene oil is obtained from coal tar after the heat treatment. Some of the distinguishable properties of anthracene include its wicked odor, high boiling aroma and others. The major constituent compounds of anthracene oil are anthracene, phenathrene, fluoranthene and pyrene. This oil has comparatively low economic value and is similar to one of those coal tar oils that is not affected by high temperature. Anthracene oil is mainly used for producing needle coke, which further finds usage as an electric steel furnace. Anthracene oil is used for producing high density coal based jet fuel feedstock. Carbon lack generated using anthracene oil is further processed as feedstock oil, asphalt blend oil and fuel oil or isolated as anthracene and carbazole crude product. Moreover, coal tar and coal tar pitches offers many solutions for consumer industry products and anthracene oil is one of the distillation products of crude coal tar. Anthracene oil is also used in drinking water, exhaust emissions, ambient air, smoke of cigars and cigarettes,and in smoked foods and edible aquatic organisms. Anthracene oil is also used in in the production of the red dye alizarin and other dyes. Due to its various uses, the global anthracene oil market is expected to grow with healthy CAGR during the forecast period.
Global Anthracene oil market: Market dynamics:
The major driving factor behind the global anthracene oil market is the rapid growth of the dye market. With increasing demand for anthracene oil for the preparation of cosmoline and extraction of other chemicals will upsurge growth in the global anthracene oil market. All these factors will lead to rapid growth of the global anthracene oil market. Growing production of coal tar is one of the other factors aiding the growth of the global anthracene oil market. Anthracene oil consumption varies according to the temperature treatment of the aromatic hydrocarbons. Increasing industrialization and consumption of specialty chemicals in almost all industries has become a prominent factor that will escalate the demand in the global anthracene oil market.
The chemical industry is highly fragmented and there are a number of competitors in the market and this will prove to be a restraining factor in the global anthracene oil market.
Global Anthracene oil market: Segmentation:
Global anthracene oil market can be segmented on the basis of its chemical compounds and applications.
On the basis of chemical compound, the global anthracene oil market can be segmented into:
Phenathrene
Fluoranthene
Pyrene
On the basis of application, the global anthracene oil market can be segmented into:
Chemical industry
Pharmaceutical
Oil and gas industry
Global Anthracene oil market: Regional analysis:
North America will dominate the global anthracene oil market, mainly due to the tremendous growth in the crude oil market in North American countries, such as the US and Canada. In Asia pacific, developing countries, such as china and India, are projected to witness considerable growth in the global anthracene oil market, mainly due to the growing industrialization. Furthermore, high demand for coal oil in European countries will add to market growth. Middle East countries are the hub of oil and gas market and thus, this region is expected to growth with high CAGR in the global anthracene oil market. Growth in the number of oil production plants will lead to new well discoveries in developing regions with sustained growth in domestic oil and crude fields. This is another factor that will become responsible for the growth of MEA in the global anthracene oil market in the coming years.
Request sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23470
Global Anthracene oil market: Market players:
Some of the prominent market players in the global anthracene oil market are:
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - The White House said on Sunday it was “unfortunate” that Palestinians were declining to meet with Vice President Mike Pence during an upcoming trip to the region in the aftermath of President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Vice President Mike Pence stands behind as President Donald Trump holds up the proclamation they signed that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will move its embassy there, during an address from the White House in Washington. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
“It's unfortunate that the Palestinian Authority is walking away again from an opportunity to discuss the future of the region, but the administration remains undeterred in its efforts to help achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinians and our peace team remains hard at work putting together a plan,” said Jarrod Agen, a deputy chief of staff and spokesperson for Pence.
Highlights Pomegranates is considered as a superfood
Pomegranate is a snack that helps to lose weight
Pomegranate is known as a natural aphrodisiac
Calories in Pomegranate
According to the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), about 100 grams of pomegranate seeds contain 83 calories; the majority of which come from carbohydrates . A medium pomegranate is said to contain about 10 grams of fibre and about 39 grams of sugar. Moreover, it is said to provide 48 percent of your recommended daily allowance of vitamin C
(Also Read - Pomegranate Nutritional Value: Amazing Pomegranate Nutrition Facts And Health Benefits)
Calories in pomegranate: A medium pomegranate is said to contain about 10 grams of fibre
Health Benefits of Pomegranate
According to the book Healing Foods, drinking a glass of the juice every day may lower levels of prostate specific antigen in men. Antioxidant flavonols in pomegranate may help reduce the activity of proteins that are shown to cause inflammatory conditions like arthritis. The fruit has antiviral properties that help prevent infections and maintain overall health, especially oral health. The antioxidants present in pomegranate help prevent heart conditions. Its polyphenol compounds help keep the blood pressure levels in check. Pomegranate juice has shown to increase blood platelet count, thereby preventing a condition like anaemia. In fact, it is known as the most trusted blood thinner. Pomegranate contains vitamin C, which is known to fight against signs of ageing in the long run. It is super hydrating and the presence of micronutrients and phytochemicals help keep the skin glowing. Pomegranate is known to be a natural aphrodisiac. Pomegranate seeds boost digestive health; thanks to the presence of B-complex vitamins. They also contain fibre, which is essential for digestion.
Calories in pomegranate: The fruit has antiviral properties that help prevent infections Healthy Pomegranate Recipes You Should Prepare At Home
1. Pomegranate and Kiwi Salad
Recipe by Chef Sanjeev Kapoor
Toss pomegranate seeds and kiwi to make a refreshing salad. Dress it up with a tangy orange and mint dressing; make it super healthy and tasty.
2. Pomegranate Chutney
Recipe by Chef Thomas Robin Gomes
An innovative and tangy dip prepared with pomegranate, tamarind and crushed rose petals. Sounds like one amazing dip, doesn't it?
3. Pearl Barley Salad with Pomegranate and Avocado Recipe
Recipe by Chef Ritu Dalmia
A healthy salad with the goodness of pearl barley, pomegranate seeds and avocado, all of which are considered superfoods, make sure you drizzle some olive oil and lemon to add that extra flavour and tang.
4. Pomegranate Juice
Recipe by Anurag Sharma
Learn how to detox with this twisted pomegranate juice. All you need is beetroot, pomegranate and aloe vera along with some black pepper to make a magic potion for health.
Other ways to use pomegranate in your diet:
According to the book Healing Foods, pomegranate molasses is a delicious substitute for balsamic vinegar in dressings, marinades and glazes. For a salad, combine pomegranate seeds with pear, pineapple and orange segments, chopped fresh mint and lettuce. Drizzle with honey-sweetened dressing.
Note: Do not waste the pomegranate rind. You can use it in making tea. It is also known to have antibiotic properties.
Relish this low-calorie fruit and ensure a healthy life.
SOCHI, Russia, April 30 Valtteri Bottas stepped into the shoes of a champion when they joined Mercedes and in Russia on Sunday the Finn finally got that winning feeling.
Triple world champion Lewis Hamilton has experienced it 54 times in their career and Nico Rosberg, the 2016 title-winner replaced by Bottas in January, won 23 grands prix before retiring.
Mercedes have won 53 of the last 63 Formula One races, since the start of the V6 turbo hybrid era, but the team could still revel in the new arrival experiencing what will surely be the first of many victories.
Hamilton congratulated the Finn after the finish, and Rosberg sent a congratulatory message on Twitter, before Bottas took a hefty swig of the podium champagne and breathed a sigh of satisfaction and relief.
After 81 races, and four seasons with Williams before getting the call from Mercedes, Bottas had added victory to the pole position and fastest lap they already had on their resume.
"Getting the first win is something special, even though you always believe in yourself, because there's no point being here or doing this if you don't believe in your skill," they told reporters.
"If you think that you are not able to win, then definitely you should stay at home.
"But to actually get that confirmation, get that result -- because results are what matters in this world, how much you can collect points, how many races you can win, how many times you can be on the podium -- that's the name of the game.
"And getting that first win definitely gives me a lot of confidence that I can do it, even though I always knew I had the ability. And now it's done, I just want to do it again and again."
The start was the key, with Bottas lining up third and behind the two Ferraris before the lights went out and they were able to get the jump on both red cars and lead into the first corner.
They then held off Sebastian Vettel, Ferrari's championship leader, in the closing laps to cross the line with a 0.6-second advantage.
As they took the chequered flag, they swore and whooped in a rare emotional outburst for a man who had earlier told their race engineer to be quiet so that they could concentrate fully on the job in hand.
"It wasn't the easiest race to win but it feels better when you actually need to earn it. And for my first one, it's very special," said Bottas. (Editing by Clare Fallon)
As noted, former WWE superstar Scott Steiner was recently interviewed by Andy Malnoske of Wrestling Inc. Steiner discussed how they made the transition from collegiate wrestling to the professional wrestling industry.
Before they were the muscle-bound "Big Poppa Pump" we all know and love, Steiner was an amateur wrestler at the University of Michigan. They competed in the 190-lb weight class and was a three-time Big 10 runner-up. They also earned Division I All-American honors in their senior year, during which they placed sixth in the nation. Steiner immediately made the jump to pro wrestling because they had a desire to perform alongside their brother Rick Steiner. Once Steiner was able to develop their character as "Big Poppa Pump," their popularity greatly increased.
"It was a culmination of my career. I first started pro wrestling right after I got out of college at the University of Michigan so I was in that frame of mind where I wanted to wrestle with my brother," Steiner said. "After I changed my hairstyle, became a 'bad guy' and became 'Big Poppa Pump' that was kind of the way I thought at the time. There were a lot of politics and bull**t in wrestling. That was the way my mind was. People seemed to like it, and took off with it. My interviews were the way I thought and the way I came across it seemed believable because that was the way I was thinking. The fans got with it and liked it."
See Also Scott Steiner Reveals Their Dream Match And Worst Mistake They Ever Made In Their Pro Wrestling Career
The Steiner Brothers enjoyed a lot of success as a tag team and Steiner was able to find success as an individual competitor. When asked about their favorite memories in the pro wrestling industry, Steiner mentioned winning championships as the most memorable moments of their career. They also said they enjoyed their time as part of nWo and believes that period was a Golden Age in pro wrestling. Steiner also pointed to a string of sell-out shows in North Korea when they worked for New Japan Pro Wrestling.
"I think the moment sticks out when you win the World Title and World Tag Team Titles. Things like that. The nWo was the greatest time in professional wrestling because we were going into mixed stadiums like the Georgia Dome. That was one of the greatest times in pro wrestling and was the most profitable time in pro wrestling. That was the best, and unfortunately, unless another television company gets involved with pro wrestling that time will never return again," they said. "Another thing that sticks out was when we went to North Korea with 193,000 people for three nights. That will be a record that would be hard to break. It was for New Japan Pro Wrestling. That was the best period that sticks out to me, but it is always great when the house is packed. Makes it fun for everybody."
Peter Bahi contributed to this article.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County's home Championship clash against Cardiff City on Sunday was postponed due to the bad weather.
A statement issued by the EFL on the day said: "The decision to postpone this afternoon's fixture was made first thing on Sunday morning following discussions between Derby County, Derbyshire Police and the local Safety Advisory Group (SAG)."
But what is the Safety Advisory Group (SAG) and who sits on it?
Each local authority is required to have a SAG, an independent body which makes recommendations based on general public safety.
Derby County are constantly in communication with their local SAG, which features two representatives of Derby City Council - one of whom, Mike Kay, Head of Environmental Protection, Licensing, Housing Standards and Emergency Planning, chairs the group.
The SAG also includes a senior fire officer, a senior ambulance officer, a senior police officer, a police liaison officer and a representative from the Sports Ground Safety Authority inspectorate.
Derby County are not represented on the SAG but the club's head of safety and operations, Nigel Wood, liaises with the group on a regular basis.
The Richmond County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help finding a missing Augusta man.
Alonzo Ware Henderson, 33-years old of Carp Drive in Augusta, was reported missing Saturday, May 26 at around 9 p.m. Henderson is 5-feet-7-inches tall and weighs around 180 lbs. They were last seen riding a gray bicycle through the Jennings Homes subdivision. At the time, they were wearing a blue polo shirt, blue jeans, and blue and white Patrick Ewing shoes. He's known to frequent the Jennings Homes subdivision.
If you have any information about Henderson's whereabouts, please contact Inv. Anthony Gregory at 706-821-1451 or 706-821-1020.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
* Copper output to rise due to higher capacity at Onahama * Conducting 27-day maintenance at Naoshima from March 20 * Lead output to drop due to lower supply of battery scrap (Adds details) TOKYO, April 3 Japan's Mitsubishi Materials Corp said on Monday it planned to produce 177,186 tonnes of refined copper during April-September, up 13 percent from the same period last year as it takes on more smelting capacity. Japan's third-biggest copper smelter expects output at its Naoshima Smelter and Refinery in western Japan to rise 4 percent while production at Onahama Smelting and Refining, north of Tokyo, is planned to increase about 30 percent, it said. The Onahama plant is jointly owned with Dowa Holdings Co Ltd and Furukawa Co Ltd. As part of an agreement between the partners, Mitsubishi Materials is gradually taking a part of the smelting capacity previously assigned to Dowa, starting from the last financial year. Dowa said on Monday its copper output during April-September is expected to fall 17.7 percent from a year earlier while Furukawa said it planed to increase its first-half output by 1.3 percent. "Overall local copper demand has been steady," a spokesperson at Mitsubishi Materials said. The company is conducting a 27-day maintenance at the Naoshima plant from March 20 and it plans a 21-day maintenance at the Onahama plant starting from October 21. Mitsubishi Materials plans to cut its lead output between April and September by 1.9 percent due to lower supply of lead battery scrap. The company's output plan is detailed below, with comparisons against planned production in the second half of the financial 2016/17 year that ended March 31 and actual production in the first half of 2016/17. (copper and lead in tonnes, gold and silver in kilograms): H1 FY17/18 H2 FY16/17 H1 FY16/17 Copper 177,186 160,272 156,888 Lead 13,728 14,082 13,998 Gold 24,798 25,500 19,080 Silver 190,998 187,002 178,026 (Reporting by Yuka Obayashi; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath and Jane Merriman)
Nikitin Bids Goodbye To The Show
Nikitin wrote, "It's that time..time to say goodbye to Veer Pratap Chauhan..a cameo that was intended for a little over a month..but your love carried it for so long at made it a full fledged role..u hated them first then started to love him.."
The Actor Says It's Fortunate To Work With Amasing People
"I have been very fortunate to have worked with some amazing people & this one has been truly special..the cast..the crew..special..each and every one of them..shall miss them all..I carry u all with me in my heart..."
Nikitin Thanks Fans For Their Immense Love For Veer
"And to YOU..yes YOU..thank you..for the immense love for Veer..pls don't stop with ur LOVE..when one character ends for an artiste..its an opportunity for them to say another story through another character..."
The Actor Promises To Return Soon On TV Or Movies
"As a famous saying goes "A warrior and an artiste live by the same code of necessity, which dictates that the battle must be fought anew everyday."..so a new battle awaits me..I shall see u all soon..at the movies or on ur television screen 🏼 #veer #Ishqbaaaz #grateful #humbled."
Nikitin Entered The Show For A Cameo
About their role on Ishqbaaz, they told TOI, "I was introduced on the show during Christmas and my track was scheduled to end on February 14. However, it was extended because of encouraging feedback. The best part is that I got to do a lot more than just be the bad boy; I got to dance, romance and also attempt comedy."
They Want To Do Positive Roles Now
The actor is now looking out for positive roles so that they can prove my range as an actor. They add, "That doesn't mean that I will turn down a negative role, if it's interesting." They add that they are selective about work.
LOS ANGELES (AP) " The Latest on Los Angeles City Council consideration of LA hosting the 2028 Olympics (all times local):
11:55 a.m.
Los Angeles has taken another step toward the 2028 Olympics, despite questions about future costs.
The City Council voted 12-0 Friday to endorse documents at the heart of LA's plan to stage the 2028 Summer Games. The contract outlines the financial responsibility of putting on the games, although a budget has not been completed.
Advertisement
Council President Herb Wesson said the opportunity is too great to pass up.
The favorable vote was expected and came less than two weeks after the city announced an agreement with international Olympic leaders that will open the way for Los Angeles to host the 2028 Games, while ceding the 2024 Games to rival Paris.
The 11-year wait time comes with millions of dollars in financial sweeteners, but also uncertainty about future costs.
The deal must also be endorsed by the U.S. Olympic Committee board of directors, and the International Olympic Committee.
___
9:15 a.m.
A Los Angeles City Council committee is taking public comment on a proposal for LA to host the 2028 Olympics before the full council votes on the plan.
The committee is hearing a mix of criticism and praise Friday morning.
The full council is expected to endorse documents at the heart of LA's plan to stage the 2028 Summer Games. The contract outlines financial responsibility, although a budget has not been completed.
The vote will take place less than two weeks after the city announced an agreement with international Olympic leaders that will open the way for Los Angeles to host the 2028 Games, while ceding the 2024 Games to rival Paris.
The 11-year wait comes with millions of dollars in financial sweeteners, but also uncertainty about future costs.
The deal must also be endorsed by the U.S. Olympic Committee board of directors, and the International Olympic Committee.
___
Los Angeles appears poised to take another step toward the 2028 Olympics, despite questions about future costs.
The City Council on Friday is expected to endorse documents at the heart of LA's plan to stage the 2028 Summer Games. The contract outlines the financial responsibility of putting on the games, although a budget has not been completed.
The vote will take place less than two weeks after the city announced an agreement with international Olympic leaders that will open the way for Los Angeles to host the 2028 Games, while ceding the 2024 Games to rival Paris.
The 11-year wait time comes with millions of dollars in financial sweeteners, but also uncertainty about future costs.
The deal must also be endorsed by the U.S. Olympic Committee board of directors, and the International Olympic Committee.
* Large volume, long-term contracts now "more difficult" -Shell
* JERA, Total sign deal with flexible volumes, spot prices
* Woodside, Shell see big opportunity in small-scale LNG
By Osamu Tsukimori
CHIBA, Japan, April 5 Producers of liquefied natural gas (LNG), having shot themselves in the foot with oversupply, and facing calls for flexibility and greater competition from other fuels are taking on more risk and learning to trade, just like any other commodities dealers.
That's a big change for a market long dominated by large producers such as Royal Dutch Shell and BP which provide major importers with fixed volumes under multi-decade contracts linked to the price of oil.
Under the protection of these lucrative locked-in deals, producers in Australia, Qatar, Russia and elsewhere went on an investment spree that resulted in a huge supply overhang when demand in China and India developed more slowly than expected.
That, together with rising fuel competition from coal and renewables, contributed to a more than 70 percent crash in spot Asian LNG prices LNG-AS to under $6 per million British thermal units (mmBtu), increasing the pressure to grant more flexible contracts and better pricing options.
"The LNG market is changing rapidly, (and) the large volume long-term contracts that traditionally underpinned the development of the industry are today much more difficult to obtain," said Steve Hill, executive vice president of Shell Eastern Trading, during a gas conference in Japan on Wednesday.
"LNG projects ... need to take more market risks," they said.
In a sign of what might be ahead, Japan's JERA - the biggest single importer of LNG - and France's Total have signed a deal with flexible volumes, based entirely on spot prices, according to sources close to the matter.
Neither Total nor JERA responded to queries for comment.
Another thing about to change is that trading specialists - who buy commodities from producers to sell on to importers at a profit and who have so far played a smaller role in LNG than they do in oil or coal - are jumping into the game.
"People need to sit in the middle of the chain (to) provide the flexibility and meet the different customer needs," said Mike Utsler, chief operations officers for Australia's Woodside Petroleum.
Preparing to do just that, commodity merchant Trafigura this week launched a standard master sales and purchase agreement (MSPA) for LNG trade, something already well established in other commodities.
UNLOCKING NEW MARKETS
Woodside, which operates several large LNG export facilities and is developing more, said producers also had to create new markets amid oversupply.
"There's a big opportunity for much smaller scale demand ... Big, long-term contracts are not necessary in order to supply (such projects)," Utsler said.
The thinking is similar at Shell. "We are trying to unlock new gas markets ... by initiating new small-scale LNG import terminals," Hill said.
Smaller scale demand could come from new importers like Pakistan, which only started using LNG in the last two years, or from new sectors like transportation.
Singapore's Pavilion Energy this week signed a memorandum of understanding with Total SA to supply the French energy major with LNG used as a ship fuel.
But LNG producers need to mind competition. Oil still dominates transportation, and cheap coal - seen by many as outdated due to high pollution levels - is still the biggest fuel source for electricity, especially in fast-growing Asia.
Wind and solar energy are also becoming competitive.
"Coal won't completely disappear. It will continue to be a competitor and a provider of energy solutions, as will renewables," said David Knipe, head of international gas at BP's integrated supply and trading unit.
(Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Writing by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Tom Hogue)
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Software
* Security
* Arclabs Industry:
* Software Location:
* Winnipeg - Manitoba - Canada Subject:
* Partnerships
Media Contact
Arclabs Inc.
***@arclabsonline.com Arclabs Inc.
End
--andare excited to announce a compelling, strategic partnership where Arclabs will integrate the Enterprise Sentinel – DynaMatrics authentication system to ensure security to their internal operations portal. Arclabs will start promoting, selling and distributing Enterprise Sentinel's DynaMatrics multi-factor authentication solution to new and existing clients.Ken Kotowich, Chairman & CEO of Enterprise Sentinel stated: "We are pleased that we joined the Arclabs team. Their technology and marketing prowess, combined with their innovative approach to solving business technology challenges is impressive. This alliance will help both our organizations in driving our sales growth. Together, we make an unbeatable team!"Kevin Quiring, Arclabs President & Founder commented: "We are pleased to inaugurate our business partnership with Enterprise Sentinel. The DynaMatrics authentication system is user friendly, efficient and exceedingly secure. We are excited to add this functionality to Arclabs Projects and offer it to new prospective clients in the near future."Arclabs is a Software Development Company specializing in applying data science and ai technologies to real world problems and products. Our secure, dedicated team evaluates, categorizes, and annotates data to deliver consistent and accurate solutions. Arclabs offers custom development solutions to users around the world with successful projects in data analytics, eCommerce, web, iOS, Android, security solutions and more. For more information, visit Arclabs ( https://arclabsonline.com/ ) today.Enterprise Sentinel is a high technology security solutions provider that assists corporate entities, governments and individuals protect their organizations against both physical and cyber-attacks through its offering of the most technically advanced, cost effective and reliable software, tools and systems. For more information, visit Enterprise Sentinel ( http://www.esauth.com ).
A road has been blocked following a crash between a fire engine and a Range Rover this evening (July 4).
The collision took place at the junction of Faraday Road and Fleming Way in Manor Royal at about 5.20pm.
Stephen Orozco sent in this photo and said the road had been blocked due to the crash.
Emergency services are still at the scene.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BAGHDAD - The Islamic State group has threatened to attack Iraqi polling stations and voters during parliamentary elections next month.
In a message posted to the Telegram messaging app on Sunday, IS spokesperson Abu Hassan al-Muhajir called on Sunni Iraqis to boycott the May 12 polls, the first since Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over the jihadists in December.
"Oh Sunnis... we know that the government of Rafida (a pejorative Arabic term for Shiites) is on the verge of what they call elections," they said.
"Our judgement will apply to those who call for them and participate in them... The voting centres and those in them are targets for our swords, so stay away from them and do not walk nearby."
Sunni extremist groups have long targeted Shiites, a majority in Iraq.
Jihadist groups in Iraq have targeted every election since the 2003 US-led invasion that deposed Saddam Hussein and paved the way for Shiites to dominate every government since.
Lucy's dad has spent the wedding fund. Lucy found out when their stepmother invited them round to see their new porch.
They spent the money he'd been saving for your big day, the stepmother said brightly, gesturing at the pristine white pillars and the tasteful shrubs in pots by the front door. “Now you've given up,” they said.
Lucy was outraged. They hadn't said anything about giving up.
“Well, you are, you know . . .”
The stepmother didn't finish their sentence, but Lucy knew what was coming.
Forty-four. In their stepmother's eyes, Lucy's odds of getting hitched at this stage are just below a Trappist monk who lives up the side of a mountain in the remote New Mexican desert. And has halitosis.
They haven't given up. Not even if their own family has given up on them But after 10 years of internet dating, she's on a hiatus. Being single – or rather, trying not to be single forever – is so much work.
The internet has killed the spontaneity and flirting and sexiness, they say sadly. “It's all the messaging. I'm typing on my computer at work all day. And then I go home and I'm typing on my phone all night. It's exhausting.”
If you get matched on a Monday, and agree to meet on the following Saturday, the protocol is that you spend the whole week texting, they explain. And then it never lives up. In their decade of internet dating, they reckon they have had hundreds of such frenzied textual relationships, all ending after the first meeting in polite lovely-to-meet-yous.
Speed dating
But they don't want to be single forever, so keeps doggedly at it. She's done Tinder, PlentyofFish, MaybeFriends, AnotherFriend, Match and Elite Singles. She's tried speed dating and a speed dating pub quiz. She's acquired new hobbies. They toyed with the idea of employing a professional matchmaker. They have been set up on blind dates, one with a colleague's brother, but they ended up stalking her, “so that didn't work out brilliantly”.
People keep saying they're sure they have the perfect man for Lucy. “And then they think for half a second and say, ‘No, sorry, everyone's married'.”
They have rules about dating separated men: they must have moved on enough that they don't feel the need to talk about their ex on the first date. If they do, they conclude they're not ready, they go their separate ways, and the next thing they know, they're moving in with someone else.
They have travelled the world by herself. They have a brilliant job.  They are happy. So they are baffled that society seems to see them as half a person
It's not that their efforts have yielded no return at all. There was the mysterious guy they dated for a few weeks. One Sunday afternoon, trying to penetrate their air of studied detachment, they asked them what he'd be doing if they weren't together. “I'd be on a date with someone else,” they said immediately. That was the end of that.
There was the guy who seemed to be terminally furious, and who emailed them a while afterwards to ask why they hadn't clicked. Lucy said something polite about a slight personality clash. Sorry, they shot back, I remember now. I don't suffer stupid people.
Lucy – a scientist – said nothing.
They have come to the conclusion that Irish people may not be constitutionally suited to internet dating. The men still prefer it to be their own idea, they think, so they don't even respond if you choose them first. In 10 years, it has never once gone anywhere when they initiated contact.
But none of that is what annoys them They honestly wouldn't mind being single if other people didn't seem to have such a problem with it. They do their own DIY. They fix their own car and their own bike, much to the bemusement of their five-year-old neighbour, who keeps asking where their husband is to help them “Good question,” they told him.
Dinner party
They have travelled the world by herself. They have a brilliant job.  They are happy. So they are baffled that society seems to see them as half a person.
There was the wedding for which the B&B owner refused to give them a room, even though they said she'd pay the full rate. There was another wedding, where they were seated at a table with 12 other single women. “I'd have taken their boring uncle Derek any day.”
The fact that Lucy is clever, successful and gorgeous – think Jennifer Garner on a particularly well-groomed day – only serves to intensify people's discomfort at their stubbornly single status.
The last straw was when they were recently invited to a dinner party. The hostess rang back a little while later, and said the party was off. Then they admitted that the party wasn't off, but said they didn't think Lucy would enjoy it, so there really wasn't any need to come. “You're grand,” they said.
Lucy was bewildered. What did they mean? Eventually the hostess explained, awkwardly, that everyone else at the party would be in a couple, and that they were worried Lucy “would hate it”.
Lucy is grand. They just wishes everyone else was half as grand. Them dad messaged them a while ago to say they were going to replenish the money in the wedding account.
The patio extension is on hold.
Them stepmother is raging.
U.S. education sec to redo regulation on helping defrauded college students
WASHINGTON, June 14 U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos on Wednesday called for a "regulatory reset," and delayed the effective date of a rule intended to speedily cancel the student-loan debts of borrowers defrauded by Corinthian Colleges Inc. and others, so that it can be rewritten.
Three years ago and in a split second, life took a dramatic change for Rotorua's Alana Portsmouth.
On May 26, 2015, the then bubbly and extroverted nanny was on their way to see a mechanic about their car when they were rear-ended by a woman the family say was possibly suffering from "baby brain".
The pregnant woman gave false details to Alana and their dad Warren before leaving the scene.
Alana suffered a whiplash injury which, in the days following, resulted in dizziness, light-headedness and headaches at the back of the head.
Advertisement
As time went on, the symptoms worsened.
For two-and-a-half years, Alana visited specialists, including two neurologists and a neurosurgeon. They also saw physiotherapists, an osteopath, a chiropractor and had acupuncture – some things worked for a few days while others made them worse.
Late last year, a friend sent Alana a YouTube video about spinal fluid leaks and, according to Warren, the penny dropped instantly.
"We learned a Sydney neurosurgeon was our best way forward," they said. "Alana and I spent a little over 10 weeks in Sydney earlier this year where they had several invasive tests which culminated in surgery to repair the leak.
"This was great but after three years of their body making excess spinal fluid to compensate for the leak, it continues to do so which is putting pressure on them brain."
Alana returned to Sydney at the end of June for further tests and possibly a brain operation to fix the problem.
The family, including Alana, do have medical insurance that covers medical bills, but not flights or accommodation.
Alana said they were hoping and praying the Sydney neurosurgeon would be able to give them the life they had before May 2015.
"Work and Income have helped me start up a business, The Nanny Consultants, but even managing that is hard," they said.
"By 2pm, I'm pretty much done for the day. The injury impacts on absolutely everything I do."
They said things were a little better since the spinal leak was repaired.
"Prior to that I would go to bed after lunch and wouldn't be able to get back up until the following day.
"I think, deep down, I know I'll never enjoy the life I lived before the accident but I remain hopeful."
Donations can be made to help Alana at this Givealittle page.
WAITE PARK -- With 2017 in the books, Waite Park officials are focusing on the year ahead by providing the community a better tomorrow.
The annual Waite Park State of the City Address was held Wednesday afternoon at the Waite Park American Legion.
Mayor Rick Miller says they've had several high accomplishments as a community this past year.
"I think we've done very well. We've gotten some things done like opening a Public Works facility we've needed for about 20 years. I think we are going in the right direction."
Some of the key projects that started in 2017 and is expected to wrap up this year include an outdoor fitness court, the construction of the Silver Leaf Hotel project, expected to open this spring, the Lake Wobegon Trail extension, which should be ready by early summer, and the painting of the "Smiley" water tower to reflect their new branding.
Miller says over the next year they will continue to be dedicated to the community in the services and amenities they provide.
"I still like to see our Senior Center grow a little bit and have more people use it. I think the Lake Wobegon trail will be a great asset to our citizens, and I'd like to see River's Edge Park finished."
Miller says the amphitheater continues to be a high priority in 2018. City officials continue to work with state officials to receive bonding money for the project. If all goes well construction could begin by this summer with completion in 2020.
Other high points presented at the State of the City Address included the achievements of the police department. Chief Dave Bentrud says they were able to add two full-time officers to their staff, incorporate body cameras and Smart Phone technology in their department and build on their community outreach programs. They say in 2018 they will look to hire a part-time community service officer.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
The team behind Corby's new climbing centre has revealed when it will open to the public.
The facility in St Mark's Road, near the town's Tesco Extra, will open its doors on Saturday, July 28 this year.
The site of the climbing centre.
The centre will focus on the art of bouldering, a form of climbing, with about 420m of wall space, a training wall, a free-standing boulder and island.
Suzi Rees, director at the centre and chief executive of iDID, said: “We're so excited to announce our opening date and can't wait to welcome people of all ages and abilities into the centre.
“We've already been receiving bookings for groups and have now started our recruitment process.
“We've got some fantastic plans for our opening weekend so keep your eyes peeled on our social media platforms and website.”
The £250,000 centre will be open seven days a week and will also house a separate cafe called Orenda.
There will also be a meeting space, yoga studio, therapies and treatments and could also be used for children's parties.
Suzi said: “Corby is really unique and it's an amazing place to work.
“One of the things we love about Corby is its spirit and its attitude to tackling social issues.
“We hope to be a part of that and be a place that everyone can come to.”
The centre is also looking to find people to take on paid roles including centre manager, duty managers, team members and cafe assistants.
To find out more or apply for a role email s.rees@ididadventure.co.uk.
In the race against climate change and ocean acidification, some sea urchins may still have a few tricks up their spiny sleeves, suggesting that adaptation most likely will play a large role for the sea creatures as the carbon content of the ocean increases.
“What we want to know is, given that this is a process that happens over time, can marine animals adapt? Could evolution come to the rescue?” said postdoctoral researcher Morgan Kelly from UC Santa Barbara's Department of Ecology, Evolution and Marine Biology.  They are a co-author of the paper “Natural variation, and the capacity to adapt to ocean acidification in the keystone sea urchin Strongylocentrotus purpuratus.” The paper was published in the latest edition of the journal Global Change Biology.
Easily identified by their spherical symmetry and prickly barbs, sea urchins are found on the sea floor all over the world. They are considered a keystone species, meaning their population has an important impact on the rest of the undersea ecosystem. Too many of them and their habitat becomes barren and other algae-eating species disappear; too few and their predators — including sea mammals, seabirds and fish — lose an important food source.
Due to rising carbon dioxide in the Earth's atmosphere, the oceans of the future are projected to absorb more carbon dioxide, leading to acidification of the water. The change in the ocean chemistry is expected to negatively affect the way urchins and other calcifying creatures create and maintain their shells and exoskeletons.
“It gives them osteoporosis,” Kelly said.
Increased water acidity would cause the levels of calcium carbonate — which the sea urchins require — to decrease. This, in turn, would result in smaller animals, thinner shells and perhaps shorter spines for the urchins.
To observe the potential effects of future increased levels of carbon dioxide in ocean water, the researchers bred generations of purple sea urchins in conditions mimicking projected environment of the ocean in near the end of the century.
“We exposed them to 1,100 parts per million of carbon dioxide,” Kelly said. Current CO2 levels top off at about 400 parts per million and the levels are expected to increase globally to 700 parts per million by the end of the century. In the California region, however, CO2 levels in the ocean naturally fluctuate because of cold water upwelling, a phenomenon that also brings more acidic waters.
The animals were taken from two locations off the California coast — a northern site, which experiences greater upwelling, and a southern site that experiences shorter, less frequent bouts of upwelling. Males from one site were crossed with females from the other site. The larvae were spawned and observed in the projected conditions of the future oceans.
While the larvae reared under the future carbon dioxide levels were, on average, smaller, the researchers also noted a wide variation in size, indicating that some of these larvae — the ones that remained the same size as they would have under today's conditions — had inherited a tolerance for higher CO2 levels.
Size, Kelly said, is an important trait. It's tied to feeding rate and the risk of being eaten by other creatures. The animals that can withstand higher CO2 levels in the ocean will leave more offspring than their weaker counterparts. This natural selection, coupled with the finding that variation in size under more acidic conditions is heritable, points to the rapid evolution of the purple urchin.
“This is what allows us to predict that this species will evolve increased tolerance — as CO2 rises, urchins that have greater tolerance will have a better chance of survival, and they will pass on their greater tolerance to their offspring,” said Kelly.
The findings suggest that the effects of ocean acidification may not have as deleterious an impact on sea urchin size or population growth rates as previously thought. Good news for the keystone species, and good news for the creatures that eat them. The results also suggest that adaptation is a major factor in the response of ecologically important species to climate change.
“We don't expect evolution to completely erase the effects of ocean acidification, but we do expect evolution to mitigate these effects,” Kelly said. “And the more heritable variation there is, the greater the power of evolution to mitigate the effects of climate change.”
Research for this study was also conducted by postdoctoral researcher Jacqueline Padilla-Gamiño and Gretchen Hofmann, professor in the Department of Ecology, Evolution and Marine Biology. Similar CO2 studies are being conducted on other marine species in the Hofmann Lab, including red urchin, coral, algae and the California mussel.
Eight in 10 middle-aged people either weigh too much, drink too much or don't exercise enough, according to a new study which shows modern life is taking its toll on health.
Obesity in adults has increased 16 per cent in the last 20 years, according to data from Public Health England.
Other health problems have followed with diabetes in this age group also doubling in this period. Obese adults are more than five times more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes than those who are a healthy weight (a body mass index between 18.5 and 25)
Promoting the health body's One You campaign, the research shows that 87 per cent of men and 79 per cent of women aged between 40 and 60 are either overweight or obese, exceed the Chief Medical Officer's (CMO) alcohol guidelines, or are physically inactive.
People are being urged to take a moment to consider their health and the simple steps they can take to improve it in the run up to the New Year, by taking the One You online quiz at http://www.nhs.uk/oneyou/how-are-you
The quiz, called ‘How Are You', takes your lifestyle information, gives you a health score and then links to free localised, personalisable information, apps and tools.
More than 1.1 million people have taken the quiz so far and where appropriate, been directed to download apps like Couch to 5K, Alcohol Checker and Easy Meals.
These sit alongside PHE's other online tools like the Heart Age tool which gives you your ‘heart age' based on your age and lifestyle.
Professor Sir Muir Gray, Clinical Adviser for the One You campaign, said: “The demands of modern day living are taking their toll on the health of the nation, and it's those in middle age that are suffering the consequences most, as their health reaches worrying new levels.
“Over 15 million Britons are living with a long term health condition, and busy lives and desk jobs make it difficult to live healthily. But just making a few small changes will have significant benefits to people's health now and in later life.”
Sodium starch glycolate is the sodium salt of carboxymethyl ether. It is white to off-white, odorless, tasteless, and free-flowing powder. It is produced by cross-linking and carboxy methylation of potato starch. It can also be manufactured from other starch foods such as corn, wheat, and rice. Sodium starch glycolate is practically insoluble in water and insoluble in most organic solvents. It exists in the form of oval, rounded, irregularly shaped, or spherical granules. These granules exhibit considerable swelling upon contact with water.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20903
Based on the empirical formula and molecular weight, sodium starch glycolate can be classified into two types: type A and type B. Based on pH value, it is classified into three types that include type C. Type A and Type B are sodium salts of cross-linked, partly O-carboxymethylated potato starch. On the other hand, type C is formed as sodium salt of partly O-carboxymethylated starch, cross-linked by physical dehydration. Type A, B, and C can be differentiated from each other by checking their pH, sodium, and sodium chloride content. Starch is carboxymethylated by reacting it with sodium choloroacetate in an alkaline, non-aqueous medium, usually denatured methanol or ethanol. This is then followed by neutralization of citric acid, acetic acid, and other acids.
Sodium starch glycolate is widely used in pharmaceuticals, as a disintegrant, in the formation of tablets and capsules. It absorbs water rapidly, which leads to fast disintegration of granules and tablets. Sodium starch glycolate dissolves better, which makes it easier for the body to absorb medication. It can also be used as gelling and suspending agent. The usage of sodium starch glycolate in the formation of tablets and capsules involves either wet granulation or direct compression. In higher concentration, it can be used as a dissolution acing agent. Sodium starch glycolate can be more effective when used as an intragranular or extragranular disintegrant or when equally divided between intragranular and extragranular locations.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sodium-starch-glycolate-market.html
Sodium starch glycolate does not have any side-effect. However, depending on the source, it can cause adverse effects on certain individuals. People with allergy to corn or with celiac disease may experience adverse effects. Tablets or capsules that are prepared using sodium starch glycolate have excellent storage properties, due to its physical properties such as stability and hygroscopic nature. In order to prevent caking, sodium starch glycolate should be kept in a well-closed container. This can protect it from changes in temperature and humidity. One of the key characteristics of sodium starch glycolate is that its physical properties remain the same for up to 3 years, if handled and stored at a moderate humidity and temperature.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
With cutting edge education and facilities, the Mata Bhagwanti Chadha Niketan (MBCN) school for children with special needs is now providing great services for young people who have physical and mental challenges.
End
-- With cutting edge education and facilities, the Mata Bhagwanti Chadha Niketan (MBCN) school for children with special needs is now providing great services for young people who have physical and mental challenges. This special school for children with special needs provides a wholesome, scientific, and welcoming education for these children. Its program is specifically designed to help this youth achieve independence in three areas: physical, social, and financial.The MBCN school is run by the esteemed Ponty Chadha Foundation. This is one of the few schools which is funded by generous donors, meaning there is no charge for the services given to the special children who attend the school.MBCN was established in 1999 and features an incredible facility. It comes equipped with 35 classrooms, speech therapy facilities, and much more. In addition, it was constructed specifically as a special school for children with special needs. For this reason, it has ramps for wheelchairs, guiding tiles for students with vision disabilities, and many other features which make it ideal for any student with a physical or mental disability.The school also has an incredible staff who are highly trained to help children with special needs become self-dependent. The staff at MBCN offer a wide range of services, as they are trained in a number of disciplines. There are certified counsellors, physiotherapists, speech therapists, special educators, and occupational therapists.Children with special needs deserve an education that is tailored to help them succeed in society. MBCN offers programs which can help children with any physical or mental disability become more independent and confident. Every student enrolled at the school has an Individual Education Plan (IEP). These plans allow the staff to use specific techniques to address the student's needs. The programs at MBCN follow proven strategies to help children with special needs develop motor skills, social skills, academic abilities, and even recreational skills.In addition to helping the child learn and become self-dependent, MBCN also works with parents to provide support and ensure they understand the strategies being used in their child's education. The school is geared towards inclusion and building a network of cooperative and supportive people around each child.With few options available for children with disabilities, this special school for children with special needs provides much-needed support. Its facilities, staff, and education plans are all geared towards helping these children flourish and become the best versions of themselves.For more information visit the website: http://www.mbcnschool.org
BRIEF-Xinhuanet to pay FY 2016 div
* Says it will distribute one new share for every share as stock dividends for FY 2016, to shareholders of record on June 21
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Matchless Brewing makes move to its own space
1:04 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
4:11 Lorenzo Romar discusses Huskies 85-61 loss at Utah
AMSTERDAM The Netherlands Football Association (KNVB) have started talks with Louis van Gaal as they begin their search for a new coach but want the veteran trainer to take on a senior role in the organisation rather than at the helm of their national team.
The 65-year-old Van Gaal, who led the Dutch to third place at the 2014 World Cup, was being earmarked for a major role in the KNVB, its chairperson Michael van Praag told Dutch media as the body continues the process of overhauling its infrastructure.
Van Gaal, whose last job was at Manchester United, would also help with the selection of a new coach after Danny Blind was fired on Sunday.
The Dutch have slumped to an all-time low of 32nd in the FIFA rankings and are in crisis after losing to Bulgaria last Saturday, slipping to fourth place in their World Cup qualifying group, six points off leaders France at the halfway stage.
Blind was fired less than 24 hours after the loss in Sofia and the process of appointing a replacement formally began on Wednesday, added KNVB commercial director Jean-Paul Decossaux.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by John O'Brien)
CLEVELAND (AP) — The suspect in the random killing of a retiree posted on Facebook made their living mentoring teens in Cleveland, but their life appeared to be unraveling under the weight of gambling debts and trouble with their girlfriend.
Rambling videos they shared showed their despair, saying they were out of options and wanted to kill as many innocent people as they could.
While authorities have not found any evidence that they killed anyone else, the manhunt for Steve Stephens stretched into a third day on Tuesday and far beyond the neighborhood where police said they shot a 74-year-old man who was picking up aluminum cans on Sunday after spending Easter with some of their children.
Stephens, 37, could be anywhere, authorities said, calling it a nationwide search. A $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to their capture and prosecution.
Stephens posted a video of themselves killing Robert Godwin Sr., a former foundry worker who had 10 children, police said. In it, they said, “I snapped, I just snapped.” But police would not speculate on what was behind it.
“Only Steve knows that,” Williams said.
In the video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the name.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text message to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
They also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was good to them and their children.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy two years ago despite holding down a job as a counselor helping young people develop job skills and find employment. The behavioral health agency where they worked said an extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome.
In one video posted on Facebook, Stephens said that they gambled away everything and that they and their girlfriend had planned to marry but did not, without saying why. They blamed them for what was about to happen.
Some friends said they knew about their gambling. But the videos showed a man they did not recognize.
Alexis Lee, who saw Stephens last week, said their childhood friend always seemed respectful and got along with everybody.
“He never ever told me they had problems or issues. It was always good things,” Lee said. “He was always just so happy and cool, calm, collected, like, that's why it's so shocking.”
Other neighbors said they were quiet as a kid and intelligent, recalling how they went to college and got a master's degree.
“He was just a no problem person at all, compared to a lot of people,” said Cynthia Coley, a former neighbor.
In one video in which they blamed their girlfriend, Stephens said they woke up last week and “couldn't take it anymore.”
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite their claim on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people.
On Monday evening, Facebook announced that it was launching a review for reporting harmful content following the killing. The company said that Stephens posted a video of themselves announcing their intent to commit murder, then two minutes later posted another video of themselves shooting and killing Godwin. A few minutes after that, they went live and confessed.
The company said it disabled Stephen's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the video of the fatal shooting and two hours after receiving any report.
“In this case we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted,” said Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice president of global operations. “We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.”
Officers searched dozens of places around Cleveland without finding Stephens or any other victims before expanding the manhunt. Detectives spoke with the suspect on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade them to surrender, police said.
Law enforcement officials said their cellphone was last tracked Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland. Police in Philadelphia said eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down Monday while they investigated reported sightings but found nothing.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KRG Capital Partners:
* KRG CAPITAL PARTNERS SAYS HAS SOLD CONVERGINT TECHNOLOGIES TO A FUND MANAGED BY PRIVATE EQUITY GROUP OF ARES MANAGEMENT LP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Former Chief Executive of the Formula One Group Bernie Ecclestone looks from a balcony. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
SOCHI, Russia Formula One will not miss the Malaysian Grand Prix when it drops off the calendar after this year's race because neighbouring Singapore is set to stay as the region's showcase, former commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone said on Sunday.
The 86-year-old Briton, speaking to Reuters at the Russian Grand Prix, also said they would not be buying Brazil's Interlagos circuit.
That track is due to be sold off by local authorities who had talked up their potential interest when they announced their intentions this month.
Malaysia, which has been part of the world championship since 1999, will bow out in October, a year earlier than previously scheduled.
There have also been questions about the Singapore Grand Prix, a popular night race whose contract expires this year, with Ecclestone suggesting last November that talks were not going well.
Asked whether Malaysia's departure was a blow, Ecclestone shook their head.
"No, not at all. We've got Singapore," said the Briton, who was ousted in January as series supremo but retains an undefined 'emeritus' role. "If we'd have lost Singapore it's not good. But we haven't lost Singapore so it's OK.
"They (Singapore) were going to stop... it's OK now."
Ecclestone hit back at Sepang circuit boss Razlan Razali, who told reporters last week that Ecclestone had showed a "lack of respect" and made promoters "look like idiots" with comments about charging high hosting fees.
"Nobody made them look stupid, and it's difficult to make people look stupid. If they are, they are," said the Briton, who ran the sport for decades as a dealmaker.
"They have done a very good job with the motorcycles, he's fallen in love with the motorbike racing -- and that (MotoGP) they apparently make money from," they said of Razali, whose circuit will continue with MotoGP.
"With Formula One they don't make money and what I said was, and we talked about a lot of the promoters, we haven't been delivering what they bought. Not our fault. We don't make the show.
"But thankfully now, if Ferrari keep up their job and the other people do the same, we'll have very good racing and then things should be a lot better for the promoters. They should be able to sell tickets."
Ferrari have won two of the first three races of the season and locked out the front row in Russia with championship leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen outpacing once-dominant Mercedes.
NO TO BRAZIL AND VIETNAM
Asked about the fate of São Paulo's Interlagos, Ecclestone ruled themselves out.
"No chance. Not at all," they said. "I've been trying to (broker a deal) but it's not easy for anybody there."
The Briton said, however, that the current deal was assured to 2020 and there was an agreement to safeguard the track, unlike the situation in Rio de Janeiro where the old Jacarepagua circuit was built over for the 2016 Olympics.
"I met the mayor (of São Paulo) last time I was there, months ago, and I got them to agree that when it goes out to tender for selling the place that they keep the circuit," they said.
"If the circuit is still there, if you bought it for developing then you'd have to keep the racetrack and find someone who was going to run the race or be the promoter."
Formula One's new owners Liberty Media have criticised the sport, and indirectly Ecclestone, for doing lucrative deals with countries like Azerbaijan.
Liberty Media CEO Greg Maffei last month upset Baku by saying Azerbaijan paid a big hosting fee but the race did "nothing to build the long-term brand and health of the business".
Ecclestone defended their record, pointing out that they had rejected overtures from Vietnam who were willing to pay a significant sum to host a race.
"I had a lot of conversations about Vietnam. I didn't do anything. I was asked to go over and meet the president there but I didn't go because I thought we'd got enough in their area," they said.
"If we don't mind, we're stealing from other people... whether or not the new regime will want to do something, I don't know. I doubt it because I got criticised for going to a place just for the money.
"They (the new Formula One management) are looking at things a little differently to the way I used to look at them. They will decide what they want to do. They want more races in America, which is quite right," they said.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
EVERETT, Wash. (AP) – A Washington county is preparing to sue the state to get back money it spent to comply with a law that required placing more ballot drop boxes countywide.
The Everett Herald reports Snohomish County is gearing up for what could be the first of many lawsuits against the state.
The law, which was sponsored by former Republican state Sen. Kirk Pearson to make it easier for people in rural areas to vote, took effect July 23. It required at least one drop box for every 15,000 registered voters, with a minimum of one box in each city, town, and census-designated place with a post office.
Snohomish County expects to spend $250,000 next year to install and operate 19 new ballot boxes.
The state provided no funding.
One of two criminal cases against Missouri Gov Eric Greitens will be dismissed, now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation, St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced that their office has reached a deal to dismiss a felony charge of computer data tampering. A day earlier, Greitens made the stunning announcement that they would step down from office effective Friday, citing "legal harassment."
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," Gardner said.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Accomplished, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before they were elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement Tuesday that the investigation is ongoing and will continue "until our work on the case is completed." They said no deals have been made by their office with Greitens' attorneys.
Greitens, a former Navy SEAL officer, suggested less than two weeks ago that they would never quit fighting the allegations against him, even as the Legislature met in special session to consider impeachment.
So it was stunning when they announced they were quitting with their mission incomplete.
"The time has come, though, to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most," said Greitens, their voice cracking while their team members struggled to hold back tears. "So for the moment, let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high."
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Greitens' resignation also allows them to avoid the potentially dubious distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor ever impeached. A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline.
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov. Mike Parson — a former state lawmaker and sheriff — is to serve the remainder of Greitens' term, which runs until January 2021.
Greitens could face other investigations. The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor.
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list.
On May 17, Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that they wouldn't give up.
"No matter what they throw at me, no matter how painful they try to make it, no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day, and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri," Greitens said then.
On Tuesday, Greitens remained defiant even while resigning.
"I am not perfect. But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment," they said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history."
Greitens is a married father of two young sons.  They are a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy. After being wounded in Iraq, they founded a veterans' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker.
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016, winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years.
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as they pushed their agenda, once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as "career politicians."
Their support in the Capitol unraveled further after the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman's ex-husband. In that, the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands, blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter. Greitens denied threatening blackmail, but hasn't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo. That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee.
In April, the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained, slapped, shoved and belittled them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid. Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a "political witch hunt." They vowed to stay in office.
But Greitens' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley — who is running for McCaskill's seat — referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list.
A May 2 House committee report indicated that Greitens themselves received the donor list while CEO of the charity and later directed political aides to work off it. Shortly before Greitens resigned Tuesday, the House panel heard a second round of testimony from former aide Michael Hafner about the charity donor list and other efforts by Greitens' campaign to conceal the original source of some political donations.
Earlier Tuesday, a judge also ruled that a secretive pro-Greitens nonprofit group called A New Missouri must comply with a legislative subpoena for any documents or communications showing potential coordination between the organization, Greitens and their campaign committee. The subpoena also sought receipts, content and communications by A New Missouri related to media advertising.
The judge said the identities of donors to A New Missouri — which don't have to be publicly disclosed because it is a 501c4 organization — could be redacted from the documents.
The legislative panel also had subpoenaed other Greitens' campaign aides.
___
Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City, John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report.
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidALieb
* TSX down 127.48 points, or 0.8 percent, to 15,733.44
* All of the TSX's 10 main groups were trading lower
TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Canada's main stock index fell on Friday as weakness in commodity prices fueled a decline in shares of the heavyweight natural resource sectors.
U.S. crude prices were down 1.6 percent to $64.77 a barrel, while Brent crude lost 1.9 percent to $68.36.
The energy group retreated 1.8 percent. Suncor Energy slipped 0.8 percent to C$44.27, and Canadian Natural Resources Ltd dropped 1.2 percent to C$41.99.
The financials group slipped 0.2 percent. Bank of Nova Scotia gave back 0.4 percent to C$80.41, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce lost 0.4 percent to C$120.59.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 1.7 percent. Barrick Gold Corp slipped 2.7 percent to C$17.23, and Goldcorp Inc fell 2.2 percent to C$17.14.
Gold futures fell 0.9 percent to $1,332.6 an ounce. Copper prices declined 0.2 percent to $7,105.5 a tonne.
At 9:52 AM EST (1452 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index fell 127.48 points, or 0.8 percent, to 15,733.44.
All of the index's 10 main groups were in negative territory. (Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Contact
Jena Roytman
***@ellipsesolutions.com Jena Roytman
End
-- Ellipse Solutions, a Microsoft Dynamics ERP Gold Partner, has officially announced the addition of Silver Application Development to its list of Microsoft certified competencies.The new competency enables a partner to improve and deliver software faster, while continuing to develop new and innovative solutions for Microsoft products. The products directly involved in the competency are Azure, Visual Studio, Windows and Windows Server; though Ellipse has extensive experience that includes Dynamics AX/365 for Operations and other peripherals as well."Our organization takes its roots from a strong software development background" said Mikhail Roytman, Managing Partner of Consulting Services at Ellipse Solutions. "It is one of our top strengths when it comes to both innovation and automation problem-solving. The new certification simply authenticates years of successful projects continuously exceeding customer expectations. With so many new and exciting changes happening in the Dynamics and Cloud spaces, we are able to continue exploring all that Microsoft products have to offer for customers."For more information about Ellipse's Silver Application Development competency, contact Ellipse Solutions at 937.312.1547, email solutions@ellipsesolutions.com or visit http://www.ellipsesolutions.com Based in Dayton, Ohio, Ellipse Solutions LLC is a global Microsoft Dynamics Gold Partner specializing in Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations and Dynamics AX ERP business solutions, software development and implementations for Manufacturing, Distribution, and Professional Services companies. Ellipse Solutions LLC's experience with ERP systems dates back to the beginning of Axapta (now known as Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations) as a product in the U.S. marketplace, and includes successful implementations and upgrades of all Microsoft Dynamics AX versions and releases. Their team of Microsoft-certified professionals offers expertise in business operations, analysis, process reengineering, custom software development, implementation services, software testing, and maintenance/help desk support services.Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations is a comprehensive Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) solution that delivers rich, prebuilt, industry-operational features out of the box. This powerful cloud-based solution goes beyond the traditional ERP software and incorporates both the administrative and operational management requirements, providing an enterprise-wide view of the organization for well-informed and confident management and decision making.
WASHINGTON The U.S. Justice Department said on Monday it had launched an effort to take down the Kelihos botnet, a global network of tens of thousands of infected computers it claims was operated by a Russian national who was arrested in Spain over the weekend.
Peter Yuryevich Levashov operated the Kelihos botnet that infected computers running Microsoft Corp's Windows operating system since approximately 2010, the Justice Department said.
A criminal case against Levashov by the Justice Department remains under seal, but on Monday the department announced a civil complaint intended to block spam from the botnet.
Russian-state media service RT reported Levashov was taken into custody in Spain over the weekend on a U.S. warrant.
It was not known if Levashov had an attorney. The Russian Embassy in Washington was not immediately available for comment.
Levashov, who has long been considered the likely identity of an online persona known as Peter Severa, spent years listed as among the world's 10 most prolific computer spammers by Spamhaus, a spam-tracking group.
RT quoted Levashov's wife as saying they were arrested on charges stemming from the U.S. government's belief that Russia interfered in last year's U.S. election to help President Donald Trump win. Russia has denied interfering in the U.S. election.
A Justice Department official, who spoke to reporters on condition of anonymity, said on Monday the current action against the botnet was not related to the election.
The Kelihos botnet has been a source of criminal activity targeting computer users worldwide since at least 2010, the official said.
The botnet at times grew larger than 100,000 simultaneously infected devices to carry out various spam attacks, including pump-and-dump stock schemes, password thefts and injecting various forms of malware, including ransomware, into target devices, the official said. Botnets are often rented out for multiple criminal uses as well.
In order to liberate the "victim" computers, the United States obtained court orders to take measures to neutralize the Kelihos botnet, including establishing substitute servers and blocking commands sent from the botnet operator, the department said.
Three previous versions of Kelihos had been taken down, but each time it was able to grow back with improvements that made it more resilient.
The biggest problem was that in the most recent iterations, individual infected computers could update each other with new code, so that just taking down the few command servers was insufficient.
Law enforcement got technical help from private security firm CrowdStrike Inc in analyzing the code as it evolved, and analysts there discovered a flaw in the program's method for distributing lists of other infected machines to contact.
"We were able to take over the propagation of that list, so the malware-infected hosts were not able to get updates" from each other, said Adam Meyers, Vice President of Intelligence at CrowdStrike.
The Kelihos operation was the first targeting a botnet to use a recent judicial rule change that allows the Federal Bureau of Investigation to obtain a sole search warrant to remotely access computers located in any jurisdiction, potentially even overseas, a Justice Department spokesperson said. Previously such warrants could only be used within a judge's jurisdiction.
Such a warrant was used out of an abundance of legal caution, the Justice Department official told reporters, adding that the Kelihos actions were similar to previous ones U.S. authorities have taken to disrupt other botnets.
Victim computers were not infiltrated by the FBI but redirected to a computer controlled by law enforcement, often called a "sinkhole," to cut off the connection between infected devices and the botnet operator, the official said.
(Reporting by Dustin Volz, Joseph Menn and Eric Beech; editing by Lisa Shumaker and G Crosse)
Southern Lakeside Destination to Host Weekend-Long Family-Friendly FREE Event
A Variety of Luxury Watercraft will be on display
Contact
Kasie Bolling - Content Specialist
Out of Them Mind, LLC
***@outofhermindfreelance.com Kasie Bolling - Content SpecialistOut of Them Mind, LLC
End
-- Marking one of Lanier Islands most popular events, the In-Water Boast Show returns to the Southern lakeside destination Friday, April 21 through Sunday, April 23. Throughout the event, slips the Sunset Cove and Big Beach docks will be filled with new, top-of-the-line boats. In addition to boats, the 2017 In-Water Boat Show will feature a number of exhibitors and vendors, as well as live music, fun in the sun and games on the sand."For many, the In-Water Boat Show marks the unofficial start of lake season," said Stephanie Orr, VP of Sales & Marketing for the resort. "People who've always dreamed of owning a boat of their own – as well as those looking for an upgrade – flock to our docks. Qualified buyers will have an opportunity to test drive or take part in a demo of some of the boats at the event. To add to the allure of the show and season ahead, we'll have our beach open to sunbathers and waders. We'll also be premiering our new menu at our beachfront eatery, Sunset Cove Beach Café & Club. And at different points of the event, we'll have a DJ, an open-air concert, and loads of family-friendly fun and games. Of course, the best part is, admission to the In-Water Boat Show is FREE, as are the courtesy slips at our Sunset Cove docks for event guests who arrive by boat*."During the In-Water Boat Show, the Kids Zone at Big Beach will feature bounce houses and a balloon artist (noon - 4pm), as well as fun for the whole family with mini golf, knockerball, beach volleyball, cornhole and appearances by LanierWorld mascot, Bucky the Beaver.Friday, April 21 12 pm - 8 pmSaturday, April 22 12 pm - 8 pm / 3-9 pm Butch & the Buckheads on the Sunset Cove StageSunday, April 23 12 pm - 5 pm / 3-6 pm DJ on the Sunset Cove StageTo learn more about the In-Water Boat Show and other future events at Lanier Islands, please visit www.lanierislands.com Nestled less than 45 miles from downtown Atlanta on the southern-most shoreline of Lake Lanier at the foothills of the scenic Blue Ridge Mountains lies the truly distinctive Lanier Islands. Quickly growing in size, scope, and reputation as one of the Southeast's leading lakeside retreats, the Islands is proud to have been designated a member of the highly esteemed Southern Living Hotel Collection. As the resort's crown jewel, Lake Lanier is one of the United States' most popular human-made lakes, encompassing 38,000 surface acres and 690 miles of shoreline in Northeast Georgia. Legacy Lodge, Villas, and LakeHouses enhance the park's broad assortment of accommodation choices and meeting sites – making it the ideal choice for corporate meetings and company retreats. Popular excursions like the beach-and-boardwalk-themed LanierWorld, Lake Lanier Canopy Tours, horseback riding at the Equestrian Center, and boat rentals from Harbor Landing make the islands a terrific choice for families vacationing or "staycationing"in the South. Tranquility – the Spa and the picturesque 18-hole Lanier Islands Legacy Golf Course are major draws for visitors looking to relax or play, and with more than 20 wedding venues to choose from, the Islands is rapidly gaining favor with brides- and grooms-to-be as a highly sought-after Destination Wedding site. Lanier Islands is steadily securing a solid standing for their unique vision of the future of this luxury retreat, their unswerving dedication to the comfort and enjoyment of their guests, and their signature brand of Southern Hospitality. For more information, visit www.lanierislands.com.
FILE- This April 5, 2018, file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 25. Richard Drew, File AP Photo
A Met Office warning is in place for icy conditions across Sussex today (Monday December 11).
Parts of Sussex are seeing some snow but the main concern is a mixture of rain and sleet.
The Met Office says: “Some injuries are possible from slips and falls on icy surfaces and there will probably be some icy patches on untreated roads and cycle paths.
“Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with longer and more difficult journeys.
Overnight, the rain is set to clear but it will be freezing, causing possible problems on some minor roads.
The forecast for Tuesday is sunshine, although the temperature is set to hover around freezing.
Wednesday is milder with the temperature lifting to around 8degC.
One of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian in a suburb of Pheonix, Arizona, police said.
Officers in Tempe said the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman was struck.
The woman, whose name has not yet been released, died of their injuries in hospital.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Police said Uber is co-operating in the investigation.
Sunderland manager David Moyes has said they "knows how to run a club" and defended their credentials after being jeered by some supporters during Wednesday's 1-0 defeat at fellow Premier League relegation candidates Middlesbrough.
Basement-side Sunderland, who have been battling the drop for the last four seasons, are 12 points adrift of the safety zone with five games to play as they prepare to host 13th-placed Bournemouth on Saturday.
Moyes, who was appointed at the start of the season, said Sunderland's managers have shouldered the majority of the blame for the failures over recent years at the Stadium of Light.
"I'm fortunate that I know a lot more about the running of the club and what goes on so I'm a little bit privy to that," Moyes told reporters on Friday.
"I think supporters are entitled to shout and vent their frustrations, and there's been frustrations here for four or five years, but the manager will always take the brunt of it.
"All I want is the supporters to get behind the players and make sure we give the players every opportunity to win the game."
Sunderland is on a nine-game winless streak but the 54-year-old Scot is still optimistic about their chances of top-flight survival.
"If we can win tomorrow it will give us an opportunity to go again," Moyes added. "I think we will need a really good run of results for things to go our way, but while there's a chance we will try and win."
Bournemouth has an opportunity to pick up their first away victory in eight games this weekend as they hope to reach the notional safety target of 40 points.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Soles4Souls Inc. has committed to collect and distribute shoes to people living in extreme poverty and recovering from natural disasters. The shoe charity provides one pair of shoes to a person in need every seven seconds. Since 2005, Soles4Souls has distributed more than 13 million pairs of shoes because of the generosity and commitment of people and organizations such as Summer for Kids of Montecito.
Soles4Souls believes partners like Summer for Kids will challenge others to become a force of change by helping the charity cater to the evolving needs of the global community. The shoe charity recognizes its success is the result of individuals and industry partners such as Summer for Kids who clean out closets and warehouses so that individuals around the world can have a better life through American's excess.
Soles4Souls and Summer For Kids will be collecting new or gently worn footwear and/or donations to make a tangible difference through the gift of shoes. Every donation will support the charity's initiative to distribute shoes to those in need.
“With tragedies such as the earthquakes in countries like Haiti and Japan, on top of the enormous needs elsewhere, we can use the estimated 1.5 billion shoes taking up space in the closets of ordinary people to change the world one pair at a time,” Soles4Souls founder and CEO Wayne Elsey said. “We need partners like Summer for Kids to get behind Soles4Souls. Donating shoes is one of the most simple yet profound acts you can do, because it will greatly improve someone's life in the most difficult of times.”
To celebrate the third anniversary of its store's opening, Summer for Kids is hosting a Soles4Souls shoe drive on Saturday at its store location, 1235 Coast Village Road, Suite D. The store will also provide cookies and toys for children in the playroom to celebrate its anniversary and to jump-start the shoe drive.
People and companies interested in donating can click here.
— Adriana Shuman represents Summer for Kids.
April 5 Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc :
* Corbus Pharmaceuticals to commence single Phase 3 study of anabasum for treatment of systemic sclerosis after guidance from end-of-phase 2 meeting with FDA
* Expects to enroll its first patient in single phase 3 study in fourth quarter of 2017
* Engaging EMA for discussing clinical development of anabasum to support application for marketing approval to treat systemic sclerosis
* Plans to complete enrollment of 52-week Phase 3 international study in 2018 with results expected in 2019, NDA application thereafter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 Splunk Inc:
* Splunk Inc - Amy Chang had decided not to stand for re-election to board of directors - sec filing
* Splunk Inc - in connection with Chang's decision, board determined to reduce number of directors to 9 effective as of date of 2017 annual meeting Source text - bit.ly/2oEzkJj Further company coverage:
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — Venezuela's ruling socialist party has officially tapped President Nicolas Maduro as its candidate for this year's election.
Socialist party chief Diosdado Cabello on Friday announced the unanimous decision. The government has said the election will be held by the end of April.
Maduro succeeded the late President Hugo Chavez, leading the oil-rich country into a deepening crisis marked by soaring inflation and shortages of food and medicine.
The United States says it will reject the "snap" election. Several Latin America countries condemned holding a vote before Maduro's government and its political opposition complete negotiations aimed at resolving the crisis.
Advertisement
Venezuela's opposition coalition hasn't selected a candidate or decided if it will participate.
Maduro says that in their second term he'll wean Venezuela's economy off of oil production.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MEDIA RELEASE
A 25-year-old Captain Cook man died following a single vehicle crash Sunday evening (August 13), in Kailua-Kona. They have been positively identified as Nelsin Santos, 25 of Oceanview.
Responding to an 8:30 p.m. call, police determined that a 2016 Toyota 4Runner operated by a 24-year-old Kailua- Kona man had been traveling west on Kaiminani Drive at the intersection of Ane Keohokalole when it was involved in a collision with Santos who had been walking within the westbound lane of Kaiminani Drive.
Mr. Santos sustained critical injuries from the collision and was transported to the Kona Community Hospital where they were later pronounced dead on (August 13), at 9:27 p.m.
An autopsy has been ordered to determine the exact cause of death.
Officers from the Traffic Enforcement Unit have initiated a Negligent Homicide investigation and are asking anyone who may have witnessed the crash to call Officer Justin Hooser at (808) 326-4646, ext. 229. Tipsters who prefer to remain anonymous may call the island-wide Crime Stoppers at (808) 961-8300.
This is the twenty-second traffic fatality this year compared with fifteen at this time last year.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Arsenal recovered twice to earn a 2-2 draw with Manchester City in the Premier League at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday thanks to goals from Theo Walcott and Shkodran Mustafi after Leroy Sané and then Sergio Aguero had given the visitors the lead.
We have gathered some post-match reaction from supporters of both clubs:
Arsenal: Arsenal Mania
"That was the first bit of fight Arsenal have shown in a very long time. We probably didn't do enough to deserve a win this afternoon but we showed a glimpse of the desire that we've been lacking lately.
"The stats show we only had one shot on target in the second half. We're not going to make the top four with form like that and we're running out of time. There is so much ability going to waste here. We really need a new manager with a new approach.
"I thought Danny Welbeck was more effective up front than Olivier Giroud, at least they penned Manchester City's defence back and forced them to track him. Welbeck also made them work for the 50/50 balls. Did Giroud even touch the ball?  They are a player that should be winning every header.
"There is no cohesiveness to this Arsenal team under Arsene Wenger. They were all running around trying to do their thing. The midfield had zero control and Hector Bellerin always gives the ball away. Their shocking defending led to Leroy Sané's goal. He's an embarrassment.
"The result is disappointing, especially against a side that turned up for 20 minutes and left Jesus Navas on the pitch after having made made three decent passes in their entire City career. Then they bring on Yaya Toure who looks about 20 yards off the pace.
"The pressure is well and truly on. Roll on Wednesday."
Manchester City: Bluemoon MCFC
"Manchester City should have beaten Arsenal easily this afternoon. Instead we made them look good. It's probably a fair result on the day but we've dropped two huge points.
"We had plenty of chances to kill the game, particularly in the first half. It sums up our season. There is always that nagging feeling that we were going to concede. We usually do.
"You don't have to hammer every team to beat them, you just have to score more than them and we should have done that today. We might have won it if the referee had given us that stone-wall penalty.
"Our chances also would have been a lot better if the referee had sent off Theo Walcott for going over the ball in the first half with a potential leg breaking challenge, or if Granit Xhaka had got a second yellow card for lunging in like a lunatic on Yaya Toure.
"I hope Pep Guardiola sits Kevin De Bruyne down and gives them a proper talking to. There should be none of this putting their 'arm around the shoulder' nonsense. Experiencing a drop in form can't really be helped, but at the moment they look like they don't want to be there.
"De Bruyne's ball in for Leroy Sané was sublime and there are very few players that can pull that off, but their application from that moment on was shocking.  They are also responsible for Arsenal's second goal."
(Compiled by Claire Bloomfield; Editing by Clare Lovell)
Feb 2(Reuters) - Toly Bread Co Ltd
* Says it plans to invest 8 million yuan to set up a Haikou-based wholly owned unit, which will be mainly engaged in prepackaged food, agricultural by-product related business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/F8MXgF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
October 8 is the last day to register for the Kids' Marathon in Aiken.
Kids will run one mile per day up to five times a week and keep a log -- totaling 25 miles.
At the end, the kids will participate in a 1.2 mile grand finale "fun run" at Citizens Park Trail on November 4 at 9 a.m.
Each child will receive a number, medal and t-shirt.
The cost is $5 per participant.
You can call 803-642-7631 to sign up.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
BEST OF BOTH: Church in the Wild co-owner Dale O'Brien said an online presence was pivotal.
BEST OF BOTH: Church in the Wild co-owner Dale O'Brien said an online presence was pivotal. TAHLIA STEHBENS
ONLINE shopping has revolutionised the retail industry, but many small regional businesses are feeling the pinch of the challenging market it has created.
Co-owner of Bundaberg fashion outlet Church in the Wild, Dale O'Brien, said online retail had been damaging to everyone.
"There are a lot of people that are closing their doors,” Mr O'Brien said.
"We have a lot of people coming in saying they're buying online, but then they come to us to get their garments altered or tailored.
"It's frustrating that we're only getting that second-hand business when they could have just come to us in the first place.
"It's crippling the retail world, that's for sure.”
Mr O'Brien said customers were confused about the retail industry in Bundaberg.
"People get brainwashed into thinking online is cheaper, but it's often cheaper for a reason,” they said.
"They just automatically think going to Brisbane will be cheaper but we have high-quality products for the same prices, people just need to be educated on that a bit more.”
Mr O'Brien said an online identity and a can-do attitude was crucial and to stay competitive, the fashion boutique had joined it's global competition in the digital sphere.
"We get a lot of attention on our Facebook and Instagram pages, so it was a no-brainer to develop an online store,” they said.
"We're just waiting on more stock to arrive so once we've got some more content we'll be going live with a full market.
"Social media is the way of the future, and if you're not online you're going to get left behind.”
Chamber of Commerce president Yale Morgan said business owners needed to step up to the growing challenge.
"Online shopping is a challenge and can be a threat to local businesses, however, online shopping is a reality,” they said.
"We need to ensure that our local businesses first and foremost have an online presence through online and social media, and secondly, that they are looking to be part of that online business model.”
Mr Morgan said consumers were ultimately looking for a good shopping experience, but said stores must have both physical and online stores.
"The importance of the store front, the bricks and mortar-style business, is they can provide far better experience for the customer than any online platform,” Mr Morgan said.
"I just urge our local retailers to focus on the experience they're offering.”
Just over two weeks after Oakman Inns was awarded the prestigious Princess Royal Training Award, their Human Resource programme received further recognition at the National Innovation in Training Awards (NITAs) at the Café de Paris in London.
The NITAs celebrate those who have demonstrated training excellence and innovation in the licensed retail sector.
Oakman Inns, which was started by entrepeneur Peter Borg-Neal in Tring, Herts, now has 20 contemporary Inns with letting rooms and ‘all-day' pubs across Beds, Bucks, Herts, Northamptonshire, Oxfordshire, Warwickshire and beyond.
And it is fast establishing itself as a leading operator in the industry having won the award for The Best Casual Dining Training Programme after passing a rigorous first stage entry process, followed by a final judging assessment by the British Innkeepers Institute (BII). The assessment included a demanding process of presentations and interviews in front of a panel of industry experts last month.
Oakman Inns' CEO, Mr Borg-Neal, said: “I am delighted for this recognition of the work Oakman has undertaken under the guidance and inspiration of our HR Director, Jill Scatchard and Learning and Development Manager, Laura Douglas. We have already felt the impact on staffing of the Brexit decision and the fall in the value of sterling, so we are all having to work much harder and very quickly to enthuse, recruit and train the people we need for tomorrow.”
Oakman Inns, which owns and operates 20 distinctive pubs, restaurants and inns, has developed its own bespoke Online Craft Academy to support their growing teams with knowledge and experience. Reflecting the ethos and personality of the company, Oakmanology was designed from scratch by CPL Online to mirror the company's existing HR programme and to support each Oakman employee's progression in their chosen career pathway. Learning activities are as visual as possible and after a compulsory ‘induction' stage, all the craft modules are available 24/7 to every individual regardless of their job role or personal career journey.
This inclusive, flexible approach means that everyone, whatever their role or passion, has access to a structured learning environment where they can find out about other roles and develop new, core skill-sets required for running a casual dining venue.
Jill Scatchard, Oakman Inns' HR Director, said: “Oakman has won many awards for our staff engagement; for the wide range of benefits we provide; and, most importantly, the career path we develop for our employees. Using the Oakmanology programme, the progress of each individual can be tracked in real time which is linked to an achievement-based incremental pay programme. We have seen more team members experiencing real personal growth and expressing a desire to progress within the company and make a career in hospitality.”
BII CEO, Mike Clist, commented: “The NITAs are a celebration of the most successful individuals and businesses in the licensed retail market today. Our finalists have shown that they value, support and champion their people by continuing to invest in and develop their training programmes. It's vital that we recognise, reward and share their successes so that we can encourage further innovation in our fantastic industry for years to come. The use of new technology and the holistic approach to the way they design their training programmes, has benefitted their businesses from the ground up and directly impacted on financial performances, growth and staff retention - we congratulate them all.”
The Oakman Collection comprises:
Berkshire:
Walter Arms, Sindlesham
Bedfordshire:
White Hart, Ampthill
Buckinghamshire:
Beech House, Beaconsfield
Dog & Badger, Medmenham
The Akeman Inn, Kingswood
Betsey Wynne, Swanbourne
Essex:
King's Head, Chipping Ongar
The Anchor, Hullbridge
Hertfordshire:
Kings Arms, Berkhamsted
Banyers House, Royston
Beech House, St Albans
The Red Lion, Water End
The Akeman, Tring
Northamptonshire:
The Navigation at Thrupp Wharf, Cosgrove
Oxfordshire:
The Crown & Thistle, Abingdon
The Old Post Office, Wallingford
Blue Boar, Witney
Warwickshire:
The Globe, Warwick
Four Alls, Welford on Avon
West Midlands:
Beech House, Solihull
OPENING FIRST HALF 2018:
Beech House, Amersham
Cherry Tree, Olney Milton Keynes
Royal Foresters, Ascot
Halfback Shaun Johnson will make a welcome return from injury for the Warriors when they host Manly next week.
Shaun Johnson will be replaced by Mason Lino. Source: Photosport
The NRL club announced key playmaker Johnson has recovered from the ankle problem which had ruled them out of the club's last three games.
The Warriors look set to have both of their halfbacks available for the match in Christchurch, with Mason Lino having recovered from a leg injury.
Lino was to play for the reserve grade team this weekend, while the first grade team has a bye.
Johnson and Lino were sorely missed in the club's 30-10 hammering from South Sydney on Saturday, pushing them two places down the table to fifth.
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met with their North Korean counterpart Ri Yong Ho on Thursday in Pyongyang, a trip seen as an attempt by Moscow to make its voice heard in its neighbor state's new push for diplomacy.
Lavrov's visit comes ahead of a planned summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has also made recent diplomatic overtures to Seoul and Beijing.
After their arrival, Lavrov met with Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho and others at an assembly hall in the capital.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement earlier they would discuss bilateral issues as well as the overall situation on the Korean Peninsula. Details of Lavrov's schedule in Pyongyang were not disclosed.
Advertisement
Despite having a border with the North and relatively cordial relations that President Vladimir Putin has seemed to want to develop further, Russia has so far remained largely on the sidelines as Kim has emerged onto the world stage this year.
Kim has already met twice with China's President Xi Jinping and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. One of Kim's top lieutenants, former intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, is now in New York to discuss with U.S. officials the agenda for the summit planned in Singapore on or around June 12.
A female tiger looks on after spotting a camera trap set by Thailand's Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant conservation (DNP), Freeland, at a forest in Eastern Thailand, in this undated handout photo. DNP/Freeland Handout via REUTERS
BANGKOK Images of Indochinese tigers and cubs captured on camera in Thailand's eastern jungle have confirmed the existence of the world's second breeding population of the critically endangered animals, wildlife conservationists said on Wednesday.
Poaching for the skin and body parts of tigers, used in traditional Chinese medicine, is a multi-million dollar business in Asia that has driven the animals to the brink of extinction in the wild.
Of about 3,900 tigers believed to be left in the wild globally, just about 350 belonged to the Indochinese species living in Thailand and Myanmar, figures from the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) showed in 2011.
Images from 156 camera traps installed by Thai wildlife authorities along with Freeland, a group that fights wildlife trafficking, and Panthera, a global wild cat conservation group, documented at least six cubs from four females.
Wildlife officials hailed the pictures as the first evidence of tigers breeding in Thailand's eastern region in more than 15 years, highlighting the success of authorities' patrol and protection efforts against illegal poaching and logging.
"It provides a little bit of hope that potentially, we no longer have all of our eggs in one basket," Eric Ash, a conservation project manager at Freeland, told Reuters.
"That really can only happen if tigers have effective, sufficient amount of prey and if they have sufficient protection."
Western Thailand was the site of the only previously known breeding population of Indochinese tigers.
(Reporting by Juarawee Kittisilpa; Writing by Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
(Reuters Health) - Although raw meat-based diets for pets have become increasingly popular, the meat may be contaminated with bacteria and parasites, a new study from the Netherlands shows.
In particular, E. coli, Listeria and Salmonella were found in commercial frozen raw-meat pet food from Dutch companies.
Raw meals include dried treats such as pig ears, home-prepared meals and commercially-prepared meals with meats, meaty bones, organs, vegetables, eggs, grains, yeast, milk and yogurt.
“The pathogens can be transmitted . . . to owners by direct contact with pets (sleeping with pets, licking the face, stroking the fur) or by cross-contamination of foods and utensils in the kitchen,” study coauthor Dr. Paul Overgaauw of Utrecht University told Reuters Health by email.
More than 200 commercial raw meat-based pet food products are available in the Netherlands. Overgaauw and colleagues analyzed the 35 frozen products most popular among pet owners across the country.
They looked for two strains of E. coli (one that's associated with renal failure in humans, and one that's considered antibiotic-resistant) as well as Listeria, Salmonella and several parasites.
They found the first strain of E. coli in eight products, antibiotic-resistant E. coli in 28 products, one strain of Listeria in 19 products, additional strains of Listeria in 15 products and Salmonella in seven products. Parasites were found in 10 products. Only five products weren't contaminated.
In contrast, dry, semi-moist and canned pet foods rarely contain pathogens, the study authors wrote in the journal Veterinary Record.
“We have known for many years already that there are risks associated with raw meat diets for pets,” said Overgaauw.
“In nutritional terms, these diets are often deficient in several nutrients and may therefore lead to serious health problems,” they and their colleagues point out in their report.
“The most concerning aspect, from our public health point of view, is not only the high prevalence of potential pathogens that we found, but also that we found multi-drug resistant bacteria,” Overgaauw said.
“Sometimes owners almost become religious about these diets and don't think there are any downsides,” said Dr. Oskar Nilsson of the National Veterinary Institute of Sweden in Uppsala. Nilsson, who wasn't involved with this study, has studied the problem of E. coli in raw pet foods in Sweden.
“Simply put, all meat has bacteria in it if it is raw, and it doesn't die if you freeze it,” they told Reuters Health by phone. “Some people think about frozen meat as sterile, but think about this as if you were feeding yourself. You cook it.”
The study wasn't designed to find out whether and to what extent bacteria and parasites from these products actually get transmitted from pets to humans, and whether humans get sick as a result.
Nilsson also noted that because only a small number of products were tested, the numbers and percentages may not be generally applicable.
“You shouldn't take them as absolute figures, but it proves the case,” they said. “Now we want to know more.”
Food safety technologies could help reduce the risk of bacteria in the products, said Dr. Jeff Bender of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, who studies food safety and antimicrobial resistance.
“The prevalence of E. coli was higher than I would expect, especially considering the potential for serious injuries in children,” Bender, who wasn't involved in this study, told Reuters Health by email. “We should encourage the pet food industry to consider pasteurization for those using these diets.”
Warnings and handling instructions on packaging could help pet owners be aware of the possible bacteria and parasites in the products and know the proper hygiene for preparing meals in the kitchen to avoid cross-contamination, Overgaauw said.
“We cannot prohibit these products on the market because we are living in a free country and every owner may decide what to feed their or their pet,” they said. “However, the hazard has been demonstrated, so the question is: How do we minimize the exposure?”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2BQuyuZ Veterinary Record, online January 11, 2018.
Mindanao Regional Peace and Order Councils hold meeting with DILG chief
SULTAN KUDARAT – In a bid to respond to issues affecting peace and order in Southern Philippines, the Mindanao cluster of the Regional Peace and Order Councils (RPOC), comprising of council chairpersons and vice-chairpersons, held its first meeting on Wednesday at the Sultan Kudarat Provincial Capitol in Isulan town.
Major concerns have been discussed in the meeting, including illegal drugs, illegal gambling, terrorism, and insurgency. The meeting was presided by Interior and Local Government Secretary Ismael Sueno and was also attended by Gov. Mujiv Hataman of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM).
Secretary Sueno said the RPOC meeting was aimed at synchronizing measures on how to restrain criminality, or any issue that affects the peace and order situation in Mindanao.
Sultan Kudarat Governor Sultan Pax Mangudadatu who is also the chairperson of the Regional Peace and Order Council in Region 12, delivered the welcome remarks during the opening of the meeting.
The RPOC chairpersons presented the security situations in their respective regions based on reports from local officials specifically on illegal drugs, illegal gambling, terrorism, and insurgency.
“We want to provide safe and secure atmosphere that is conducive to the region's residents and investors,” said Gov. Hataman, who took their oath of office as the RPOC chairperson before President Rodrigo Duterte in Malacañang in January.
Aside from the ARMM, other regions in the Mindanao RPOC cluster are Regions 9 (Zamboanga Peninsula); 10 (Northern Mindanao); 11 (Davao Region); 12 (Soccskargen); and 13 (Caraga).
Resource persons from the Philippine National Police and the Armed Forces of the Philippines also presented the current peace and order situation on the island as per reports from their field units. Supt. Ireneo Dalogdog talked on illegal drugs and criminality while Maj. Gen. Carlito Galvez Jr., of the Western Mindanao Command, discussed insurgency.
The RPOC plays a vital role in maintaining peace and order in every region in the country and keeps the members abreast of the prevailing conditions, issues, and concerns affecting the peace and order in their respective areas of jurisdiction. (Bureau of Public Information)
Like Us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mindanaoexaminer
Follow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MindanaoExamine
Read Our News on: http://www.mindanaoexaminer.com /http://mindanaoexaminernewspaper.blogspot.com/
Share Our News
Digital Archives: issuu.com/mindanaoexaminernewspaper
406 total views, 406 views today
MINNEAPOLIS, MN. (Nexstar) — The Twin Cities and surrounding area are no stranger to hosting big events.
“We hosted the Ryder Cup in 2016 and we've hosted the Republican National Convention, so huge world class events are not new to us.But every new event brings a new wrinkle, and just to see athletes and media personalities out walking around, there is just a level that the Super Bowl brings that we haven't experienced in a long time,” says Adam Johnson, Senior Vice President of Marketing & Media Relations for Visit St. Paul.
Visit Minneapolis has worked on the Super Bowl planning since 2013 before the bid was official.
There is a lot that goes into planning a Super Bowl – from getting adequate hotel space to mapping out where each event will take place.
Kristen Montag, Senior Manager, Public Relations & Communications for Meet Minneapolis, says it's been a statewide effort, especially with the Metro region including St. Paul, Bloomington and the Mall of America.
“It's really important that we all work together,” says Montag, “And with something of this size our metro region isn't as large as Houston's even if you put all of us together, so it really does take the whole region for something like this to happen.”
“From day one we've considered it the Minnesota Super Bowl. Unlike the previous ones, it's no knock on them, the Houston Super Bowl, the San Francisco Super Bowl, this is the Minnesota Super Bowl, statewide,” says Johnson, “Minneapolis, St. Paul, Bloomington got the majority of the big events, but you will feel the ripples of this event as far north as Deluth down to Rochester. The entire state has come together to show that Minnesota pride.”
The number of man hours and amount of effort put into planning the week-long festivities isn't something they can put into a specific number, but they say seeing the enjoyment from those who are visiting the area makes it all worth it.
“Kind of have to stop and pinch yourself and say ‘I'm really working on a Super Bowl' and this might not happen again in my career. It's a really great opportunity for me and everyone on our team. We really are just trying to take all the work that's put into it, you know, we aren't getting a lot of rest. We aren't getting a lot of other things done right now, but it's a chance to embrace this thing that's happening. It's history for our city so it's really important and it's a lot of fun.” adds Montag.
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," they said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," they say. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." They say that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost their brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," they said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. They add: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
It's being called “The photo from Charlottesville that will define this moment in American history.” On their last day with The Daily Progress, photographer Ryan Kelly captured the tragedy and tumult stemming from this weekend's “Unite the Right” rally in downtown Charlottesville, Virginia. Kelly spoke with CJR about the harrowing experience behind the photo. In the shot, people are flying into the air as a Dodge Challenger plows through protesters demonstrating against white nationalists. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed and at least 19 others were injured.
Kelly's photo is unsettling, chaotic, and violent. But it's more than just a single image; it's an embodiment of the current state of this country (and also where it's heading). “The picture is a visual expression of simply how strange America feels right now,” writes Alyssa Rosenberg in The Washington Post. It's an America where the president refuses to condemn domestic terrorism; where labels like “far-right or alt-right” mask racism, bigotry, and intolerance; and where journalists need to reconfigure how they do their jobs in an era marked by false equivalencies, alternative facts, and 140 characters.
One way is to develop a unified front. On CNN's “Reliable Sources” this Sunday, NPR media correspondent David Folkenflik delved into how news organizations collectively turned against the White House “in a way that was direct and focused” following the Charlottesville tragedy: “Straightforward reporters as well as folks on the left and the right [were] almost beseeching the president and the administration to get in front of this, or at least get in the moment, and it didn't happen.” Presidential rhetoric matters, and the media is calling them out. Even The New York Post, Trump's preferred paper (which has lost some of its love for the president lately), criticized the president for missing the mark on Charlottesville.
Another way? Skip ambiguity. Journalists reporting on Charlottesville face challenges as they choose their words, images and sounds. Poynter compiled some best practices on how to cover what happened this weekend. For example, descriptors like “alt-right” are too vague. Instead, focus on what people were saying and doing: “Explain that they chanted Nazi slogans including ‘Sieg Heil,' a victory salute used originally by Nazis at political rallies.” More on Charlottesville:
Other notable stories
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Meg Dalton is a CJR Delacorte Fellow. Find them on Twitter @megdalts.
Louie racks Entertainment is the trending music label that is getting huge appreciation from global music lovers. Enjoy their multi-genre tracks on SoundCloud.
Louie Racks Entertainment
End
-- The ever-growing craze of music has increased the demand of music fans that look for new and fresh compositions from new artist and recording houses. United Stated is the hotspot for witnessing budding artists and labels featuring multi-genre music from hip hop with its best sub genres, fusion, soul and the other trend setting genres. SoundCloud site the most popular music sharing sites that enables music lovers to tune to range of track from fresh artist and recording labels. Recently, a new label namedis witnessing immense popularity from fans all over the world. It is the one-stop gala for entertainment with its two wings dedicated to music and fashion clothing. Recentlyhas been showing huge popularity.is steadily moving towards the top notch position with their amazing music. The label has the best voices, beat makers and lyricist who cater to compose the premium songs to entertain global audience. Their main focus is on creating stuffs that stand as exemplary compositions for all others. The music composers use the most exotic and necessary instruments, be it playing with the guitar strings or jamming with drum and bass. Lyricists working with the label pour their soul to jot down penetrative lyrics that listeners can relate to. While the supreme quality vocals of the singers keeps listeners hooked to the gallery ofThe Soundcloud gallery of the label has wonderful tracks like "Mobbin" the latest hip hop rap track that gives the vibes of authentic street style rapping. "Don't Wanna" is a pop and rap fusion that features the sensual voice of a female singer. Other tracks like "Snitchin", "Fight", and "Lord" are equally awesome. Music fans if you want to know more about this amazing label visit their official website https://soundcloud.com/ louie-54 and also have a look at their Facebook page.For more, please visit the following link:https://soundcloud.com/louie-54
May 3 Bel Fuse Inc:
* Bel reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 sales fell 6.2 percent to $113.7 million
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.07
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.05
* Bel Fuse Inc - "still in 'wait-and-see' mode on ultimate timing of upturn in sales"
* Bel fuse inc - anticipate second half of 2017 to yield additional sales volumes
* Bel Fuse Inc qtrly class A GAAP earnings per share $0.05
* Bel Fuse Inc qtrly class A non gaap earnings per share $0.07
* Bel Fuse Inc qtrly class B GAAP earnings per share $0.06
* Bel Fuse Inc qtrly class B non-GAAP earnings per share $0.09 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 Keybridge Capital Ltd
* Two separate applications received by takeovers panel relating to affairs of Molopo that involves Keybridge
* Panel has yet to decide whether to conduct proceedings in response to applications
* Applications relate mainly to an assertion that an association exists between Keybridge and Aurora Funds Management Limited relating to molopo Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Billions of pounds are being pumped into the West Midlands to improve roads, rail lines, schools and hospitals.
The Treasury published details in what it calls the National Infrastructure and Construction Pipeline.
It's a list of infrastructure projects which have been confirmed, with the money allocated.
Andrew Jones MP, Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, said: “We are backing Britain with a record amount of infrastructure investment as we build an economy fit for the future.
“That's why we're working with the industry to skill up and scale up for the challenges ahead.”
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling said: “We're undertaking the most ambitious improvements in our transport network this country has seen for decades.
“But we must also drive forward plans to ensure these infrastructure projects are completed on time and on budget.”
Here we run through a list of the major schemes planned.
Underway now
Sandwell and West Birmingham Acute NHS Trust is getting a new hospital, with £297 million in public funding. Work began in March 2016 and is expected to be completed in October 2018.
Work on the Centenary Square to Edgbaston Midland Metro Extension, providing new stops at Brindleyplace and Five Ways. has begun. It is due to be completed in 2021 at a cost of £149.1 million, with £136 million in public funding.
Improvements to rail infrastructure in Coventry, connected to the planned regeneration of Coventry Station, have begun and are due to be completed in 2018, at a total cost of £66.4 million with £20 million from the Treasury.
A programme to upgrade the power supply on the West Coast Main Line began in 2013 and is due to be completed in 2018, at a cost of £186 million.
There's extra funding for local authorities and schools to create new places and improve buildings, with the West Midlands getting £1.4 billion between 2015-16 and 2021-22.
A total of £125.11 million from the Treasury has been provided for flood prevention measures to cut the risk to 7,825 homes across the West Midlands. Work began in April 2015 and continues until March 2021.
There's £86.34 million to improve and maintain prisons across the West Midlands. The programme is currently underway.
West Midlands Councils are getting £62.7 million from the Government's “Challenge Fund” for road maintenance and street lighting, from 2015 to 2018.
Another £419 million is going to West Midlands Local Enterprise Partnerships to help them deliver improvements to transport set out in their Strategic Economic Plans.
There's £61 million to electrify rail lines between Bromsgrove and Birmingham to allow electric trains to run. Work is underway and will be completed in 2017.
A £159.00 million schemes to improve rail infrastructure around Stafford began in 2014 and is due to be completed in 2017.
Replacement of two roundabouts on the A50 in Staffordshire with grade-separated junctions began in 2015 and will be completed in 2018-19. The cost is £43.2 million.
A scheme to provide significant expansion of junction 6 of the M5 near Worcester, with improvements to approach roads, plus additional measures to improve capacity on junctions 5 and 7, began in 2015. It's due to be completed in 2018-19 at a cost of £12.1 milion.
Beginning 2018
A new junction linking the M54, M6 and M6 Toll is to be built at a cost of £200 million to £250 million, between 2018-19 and 2021-22.
Upgrading the M6 to Smart Motorway between junction 13 (Stafford) and junction 15 (Stoke south). Work begins early in 2018 and will be completed in 2021/22 at a cost of £200 million to £300 million.
There's up to £150 million to upgrade the M6 to Smart Motorway between junction 2 - the M69 interchange - and junction 4 - the M42 interchange. Work begins early in 2018 and continues to 2019-20.
A package of improvements to roads overseen by local authorities, including the A457 Dudley Road, A45 Rapid Transit, A46 Link Road and roads in Etruria, Stoke, takes place between 2018 and 2022 at a cost of £176.3 million.
West Midlands councils get £57.30 million from the National Productivity Investment Fund between 2018 and 2020 for road schemes to cut congestion and encourage housing. These include us routes and cycle schemes.
West Midlands Councils are getting £14.1 million from the Government's “Challenge Fund” for road maintenance and flood mitigation measures, from 2018 to 2020.
Beginning 2019
Work on the £137 million Midland Metro Eastside Extension, linking the city centre and Brindleyplace to the HS2 Curzon Street Station and Digbeth Economic Zone, begins in 2019 and is due to be completed in 2022.
A comprehensive upgrade of the M42 junction 6 near Birmingham Airport, allowing better movement of traffic on and off the A45, supporting access to the airport and preparing capacity for the new HS2 station, begins in 2019-20. The cost is £350 million to £500 million and there is no completion date yet.
Maintenance of Tame Valley Viaduct, which carries the A38 Aston Expressway near Birmingham, takes place between 2019 and 2023 at a cost of £91.56 million.
A £62.5 million road scheme in Worcestershire, including dualling of the Carrington Bridge section of the Worcester Southern Relief Road, takes place between 2019 and 2021. The aim is to ease congestion, boost housing and ease access to the M5 from key employment sites.
Grade separation of the Binley and Walsgrave roundabouts on the A46 near Coventry, and upgrading the trunk road sections of the A45 and A46 between the M6 and M40 to full Expressway standard, begins in 2019-20 at a cost of £50-100 million. No completion date has been confirmed.
Introduction of a “Smart Motorway” system on sections of the M40 and M42 near where the motorways meet, as well as the introduction of all-lane running to the existing Smart Motorway section between junctions 3A and 4 of the M42, begins in 2019-20. The cost is £50 million - £100 million and no completion date has been confirmed.
Additional capacity on junction 10 of the M6, including the replacement of both bridges allowing the widening of the roundabout to four lanes, has been partly funded through the Black Country Local Growth Deal. It will cost between £20 million and £25 million and work begins in 2019-20, with no completion date.
Major improvements to the junction between the M6 and the A556 in Cheshire will improve connections between Birmingham and Manchester. Work on the project, which will cost £30 million to £35 million, begins in 2019-20 and there is no completion date.
Also:
The Treasury document lists the HS2 high speed rail line as “a new North South Railway for the UK” which will cost £55.7 billion and is due to be completed in 2033.
It is listed as a national project, although Birmingham and the West Midlands will be one of the first regions to benefit.
There's also no direct mention of the £250 million provided for public transport in the West Midlands as part of last month's Budget, which will fund the Black Country Metro extension.
Instead, this is included in the national £1.7 billion Transforming Cities Fund, which “will support intra-city transport and target projects which drive productivity by improving connectivity, reducing congestion and utilising new mobility services and technology” according to the Treasury document.
A road in Crawley has been cordoned off for five hours while armed police negotiate with a man in a house.
Irving Walk in Tilgate, Crawley has been blocked off, and houses nearby have been evacuated, with families being moved into the nearby Tilgate Community Centre. Police officers have been on the scene since 3pm today, including armed police.
Armed police have surrounded a home in Irving Walk, Crawley for more than seven hours. Picture: Eddie Mitchell SUS-170813-221540001
More than five police vehicles are believed to be present. The fire and ambulance service are at the scene too.
A statement from Sussex Police said: “Police were sent to an address in Irving Walk, Crawley following reports of concern for the welfare and behaviour of a man at that address.
“The immediate area was cordoned off to ensure there was no danger to local people and officers have made contact with the man to establish the circumstances and ensure that the incident is resolved peacefully.”
The armed siege is now over. Click here to read more.
Armed police have surrounded a home in Irving Walk, Crawley for more than seven hours. Picture: Eddie Mitchell SUS-170813-221400001
Armed police have surrounded a home in Irving Walk, Crawley for more than seven hours. Picture: Eddie Mitchell SUS-170813-221528001
The Arkham games are Batman at their best, combining intense action sequences against an iconic gallery of villains with exploration elements via their detective skills. The dark knight isn't just about brute force, but uses their intellect to gain an advantage over criminals.
I loved soaring through Arkham City and reliving Batman's past through Arkham Origins. But Arkham Asylum still remains my favorite, in large part, because of the confrontation with Scarecrow.
As part of my ongoing series examining some of my favorite levels in gaming, I want to delve into how Scarecrow's nightmare sequences were a chilling and unique foray into the fractured psyche of Batman.
Warning, spoilers abound!
Fear The Thong
Batman's journey into the madness of Arkham Asylum begins, as in most cases, with the Joker. The Joker takes over the asylum and unleashes the inmates to gang up on Batman. Scarecrow, the master of fear, is one of their cohorts.
Advertisement
The first nightmare begins when you confront multiple patients gripped by terror thanks to Scarecrow's fear gas. They're shielded off by a glass wall, but Joker taunts Batman throughout this segment and asks a poignant question, “Tell me, Bats, what are you really scared of?”
Is it failing to save the city or not saving Commissioner Gordon? Joker asks. Or is it, “Me in a thong?” Joker suggests as they burst into maniacal laughter.
The second of the scenarios seemingly comes true. Batman finds Commissioner Gordon, but he's already dead. “I'm sorry Jim,” they lament. But we, the players, get a sense something is awry as the shadow of Scarecrow pops up behind Batman before quickly vanishing. The dark knight tries to call Barbara to tell them the sad news about their father, but is told the number they dialed isn't available. The whole pathway to the Morgue starts to fall apart and bricks fall out of the walls. Roach-like blobs scatter and the sinister morgue is coldly empty when you enter. Batman turns around to exit back out to the hallway, but instead enters another Morgue room and starts hearing voices in their head (never a good sign). There are three body bags and the first they unzip is of their father.
Advertisement
“You should have stood up to him, son, like a man,” their father accuses him.
In the second, their mother please, “Help us, Bruce. Don't let us die.”
The morgue transforms into a surreal nightmare. Parts of Arkham have been ripped out of place, hovering above a bottomless abyss. Scarecrow is enormous, wielding syringes as fingers, and wearing a gas mask with bright damning lights attached to their goggles as they scour the landscape for Batman.
Advertisement
What does Batman fear? Joker earlier asked. We get a glimpse of it firsthand. The whole landscape is a twisted castle of decrepitude and Batman's knighthood is being barraged by the overbearing monolith of the Scarecrow. Surprisingly, Batman doesn't react in horror or shock when faced with these hallucinations. They act as though these were business as usual. Scarecrow taunts him, “Poor little bat, you're in my world now.” But this is actually Batman's mind.
Scarecrow's lights are blinding and deadly, leading to an immediate gameover if they spot you. Metaphorically, this seems to imply illumination is one of Batman's greatest fears. Not about getting caught by Scarecrow, but exposing what they feel is their greatest sin. Failing their parents.
Advertisement
To this day, their death haunts him. Batman, in many ways, tries to avoid their accusations using their equipment, hiding where they can, and warily navigating the bizarre landscape that's as damaged and torn apart as they are. Their psyche is a mental maelstrom that wracks them and pounds them with furious guilt. Without a single word of narrative, we learn how twisted Bruce Wayne is deep down.
Just as light can kill Batman, pointing a light back at the Scarecrow with the symbol they hide behind, the Bat, helps wake him. The player would like to comfort themselves with the thought it was just an illusion. But the reality is that it was a manifestation of Batman's true self.
Advertisement
Clocktower Of Regrets
Two more encounters follow, each with a different focal point of Batman's fear.
The second encounter begins in their memories of Wayne Manor. It's raining indoors, lightning flashes, and an interminable hallway turns into the old Crime Alley. Voices replay of the night their parents were killed. Outwardly, they remain stoic, just as an emotional war rages chaotically within. Only when they see their parents on the ground does their movement stagger. They stumble to the ground, reliving the biggest trauma of their life.
Advertisement
 They are a kid again, remembering what Jim Gordon had said to them after their death. They ask Gordon why their parents were killed, and Gordon, the face of authority, well-intentioned as they are, has no answer. That's when they turn back into Batman again. It's not an answer to their parent's death. Rather, a reaction, trying to impose order and meaning into their meaningless deaths.
Advertisement
The giant Scarecrow is back. The wind howls, mourning music rings. Scarecrow searches the ruins, their psychedelic voice amplified by terror. Reanimated corpses attack Batman. They jump through their floating archipelago of sorrow. Gears are floating in air, rotating like clockworks representing their desire to turn back time. “There's no escape,” Scarecrow states, possibly as a threat, but more as a description of Batman's unceasing remorse. The end is similar to the first.
In the third and final sequence, history is changed and the opening cutscene for Arkham Asylum is reversed. The Joker is in the Batmobile and Batman is the one locked up where Joker had been. “Batman may be escaping patient,” one sign warns. The head of security suggests inmates visit www.Ithinkimgoingcrazyanddresslikeabat.com if they have questions. The Joker ends up shooting them in the head. Game over. There's even a hint suggestion: “Use the middle stick to dodge Joker's gun fire.”
Advertisement
When the players continue, Batman rises from their own grave, inside the nightmare again. There are multiple projections of Batman in a mad and deranged state. Another Batman is savagely eating a rat on the ground in a pose reminiscent of one of my favorite Dark Knight story arcs, Venom.
Batman's conflict with their own sanity and despair are warping their consciousness. Joker and Scarecrow both suggest their place is in the Asylum alongside them. Batman rejects their intimation, but the vulnerability exposed through these nightmarish figures shows that their concerns about their own sanity linger. Joker, in many ways, represents a different reaction to the pointless violence of a sick world. Batman fights against it, trying to impose order through the cowl of the bat. The Joker embraces the entropy and revels in making the chaos worse.
Advertisement
“Are you scared to come out and face your fears, Batman?” Scarecrow asks.
The first spotlight causes Batman to break through the delusion, but Scarecrow injects them with more of the fear toxin. This only makes Batman angrier as they battle the skeletons and shoots another beam of light Scarecrow's way, finally breaking the spell.
“How are you doing this?” Scarecrow demands. “You've ingested enough toxins to drive ten men insane. What are you? Why fight it Batman? You're as crazy as the rest of us.”
Advertisement
In the end, Batman's anger triumphs over fear, showing how the vigilante deals with their past trauma in a dark metaphor for the inner state of who they really are. It's level design at its best, telling a story through gameplay while leaving us more disturbed than comforted. Will the Dark Knight ever find inner peace?
Not within the walls of Arkham Asylum.
March 30 Bp Plc -
* BP, Accsys Technologies through subsidiary Tricoya Technologies, Medite have announced creation of a consortium, Tricoya Ventures UK Limited
* BP, through its petrochemicals and venturing businesses will invest over $25 million in TTL and TVUK over a two year period Further company coverage:
click to enlarge SARAH FENSKE
click to enlarge SARAH FENSKE
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
The traffic-calming balls that have riled up south city have been girded with reinforcements.The concrete spheres — alternatively known as Slay Balls after the former mayor or Ingrassia Balls after the alderwoman whose ward commissioned them — have been given companions: They're now accompanied by tall, thin bollards that create higher visibility and encourage drivers to pay attention.The bollards are temporary, but they accompany a permanent change: Some of the balls that have been hit most frequently were uprooted yesterday, says Alderwoman Christine Ingrassia. They were then installed in new spots set back a bit further from the intersection.The work didn't entail any additional expenditures, Ingrassia says."The overall project is still doing what it's intended to do, but still tweaking," they say. They say they'll be looking at data to assess its efficacy in the coming months. The bollards, they say, should be up for no more than three months.The balls were first installed at six intersection on Compton Avenue last December after a lengthy "participatory budgeting" process involving Tower Grove East residents. The $325,000 ball project was aimed at discouraging trucks from using the street and getting everyone else to slow down.But even as the balls have become something of a blank canvas for local artists , they've also proven that some drivers just won't slow down no matter what's in the way. Balls have been hit, scuffed and knocked off their bases.And indeed, even this morning, on the first dawn since the bollards were put in place, we spied a ball at Compton and Shenandoah that had clearly suffered a rough night. Whether it was related to the process of moving or just another careless car wasn't immediately clear.This weekend, the neighborhood plans to fete the balls at a party this Saturday . It'll also unveil decorations on four of the balls at Compton and Shenandoah, with designs judged by a neighborhood committee. But though the winners were chosen earlier this month, we can't help but think the damaged ball we spotted this morning could prove a great jumping-off point. Doesn't it kind of look like the Death Star
GROVETOWN, Ga. (WJBF)– Charges have been filed against a former Grovetown city employee who is already under a federal investigation into funds that went missing from the water department. Vicky Capetillo stepped down as City Clerk shortly after that investigation began. Now she's under arrest and charged with stealing $20,000 from the Grovetown Lions Club while they were that organization's treasurer in 2015 and 2016.
That investigator said they first met with the Lions Club in January of this year, and ever since, they have been on the case. Warrants for Capetillo's arrest were issued Friday, and the investigator said they turned themselves in to the Columbia County jail on Saturday.
“It's been proven they can't be trusted, so what they get, they deserve,” Barry Miller, a Grovetown homeowner, said.
Miller has lived in Grovetown for more than 15 years. They said Vicky Capetillo should be punished to the fullest for stealing money from the Lions Club.
Capetillo was released from the Columbia County jail after posting a $5,200 bond. Officials say they had two warrants, each $2,600.
I spoke with the case investigator, and they explained why it took nearly 8 months to charge Capetillo.
“Subpoenas have to be issued for account records, then once you get the records it takes a little time to actually look into the financial records and determine what money went where. Other court orders have to be issued. It just takes some time to put together,” John Hensley, a Columbia County Investigator, said.
And what Hensley said they came to find is that Capetillo stole $20,000., but they said that is a conservative number.
You may remember former Grovetown Mayor Dennis Trudeau– now, they are a Grovetown city councilman. Capetillo is their step-daughter. I asked Miller if Trudeau should also be held accountable for their stepdaughter's actions.
“Not really. It's just like if I had children, you know. What they do is on them,” Miller responded.
Hensley said they are finalizing the case now.
“We'll submit our findings to the district attorney's office, and they'll make a recommendation how best to move forward. Other charges are possible in the future,” Hensley said.
I asked Mayor Jones if they wanted to comment on the case, but they said no because the city has no affiliation with the Lion's Club. They said, though, once the federal investigation on funds missing from the water department wraps up, they will definitely talk.
Count on NewsChannel 6 to keep you updated.
Listen all week for your chance to win a 4-pack of tickets to either Monster Jam® or Monster Energy AMA Supercross, coming to Angel Stadium in January and February. Plus, we're throwing in a $50 gift card to Costco so you can buy some monstrously super-sized stuff! Listen for your cue to call and be caller 13 to 866-931-JACK to win!
Monster Jam® is the most action-packed live event on four wheels where world-class drivers compete in front of capacity crowds in both monster truck racing and freestyle competitions. Monster Jam® features the most recognizable trucks in the world including Grave Digger®, Max-D, El Toro Loco®, Monster Mutt® and many more. Don't miss four huge shows coming to Angel Stadium in 2017: Jan. 14th, Jan. 28th, Feb. 11th, Feb. 25th. Get tickets at Ticketmaster.com.
The world's top Supercross riders are coming to Angel Stadium of Anaheim for two huge races starting with the season opener on Jan. 7, 2017. Don't miss Ryan Dungey, Ken Roczen, Justin Barcia and more battle it out for the esteemed 450SX Class Crown. Great seats are available at Ticketmaster.com.
Police are appealing for help over an armed robbery in central Auckland in November.
Police are seeking help identifying and finding a man who robbed a central Auckland store at gunpoint and fled in a Suzuki Swift in November. Source: Supplied
The robbery took place at a money exchange shop on Queen Street about 8am on November 14.
A man wearing hi-viz clothing entered the shop and pointed a pistol toward the person working in the shop, forcing them to lie on the ground, police say.
The man then took cash from the shop and fled to Lorne Street where they were picked up by a silver Suzuki Swift that was missing its hubcaps.
The Cathedral volleyball team remained hot Thursday night with a win over Little Falls in straight sets. The Crusaders are now 18-1 on the season.
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — The U.S government has provided more than $55,000 to Cambodia for the preserving of personal items belonging to prisoners at a Khmer Rouge prison and torture center in the 1970s.
The project agreement was signed Monday by U.S. Ambassador to Cambodia William Heidt and Cambodian Secretary of State for Ministry of Culture and Fine Art Chuch Phoeurn. The funding aims to preserve and maintain 3,000 to 5,000 items of clothing, shoes, hats and belts belonging to prisoners who were detained at the Khmer Rouge's main Tuol Sleng prison facility.
Under the 1975-79 Khmer Rouge regime, an estimated 17,000 Cambodians were tortured at the center, known as S-21 prison, and then killed. An estimated 1.7 million Cambodians died from execution, starvation and inadequate medical care under the rule of the ultra-communist group.
Heidt said the timing of the project is critical since the items are slowly deteriorating. The prisoners' belongings tell the extremely personal and heartbreaking stories of the victims of the Khmer Rouge and include clothing, hats and other items from both adults and children.
Advertisement
"If you look closely, you even can see that some items still show blood and sweat stains," Heidt said. "The conservation work will carefully preserve the textiles without removing this historical evidence. Each piece carries its own history and we recognize how important it is to preserve this story for future generations."
Chuch Phoeurn welcomed the U.S. funding and said the preservation of the belongings is important because they can help educate young Cambodians. They said some of the items will be displayed at the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum.
The relationship between a quarterback and their head coach – particularly one who also calls the offensive plays – is an important one. Look at Tom Brady and Bill Belichick, or Sean Payton and Drew Brees.
Jared Goff and Sean McVay are entering their first season together in Los Angeles, and they already seem to be getting along just fine. The “Dan Patrick Show” asked Goff who has the better hair of the two, and the quarterback gave the title to their head coach. Smart.
“Him, for sure. He's got the product in it every day, he's got the little spike in the front. I don't really use much stuff. They take care of his, for sure.”
Goff was then asked who cares more about their hair: them or McVay?
“Him, for sure. Like I said, they put all the products in it. They have it sticking up nice and pretty. I just kind wear a hat a lot so don't really think about it too much.”
Let's compare.
Sean McVay
Jared Goff
Both are pretty solid, but we'll let you decide.
Contact
Sagefrog Marketing Group
(267) 454-2944
***@sagefrog.com Sagefrog Marketing Group(267) 454-2944
End
-- CLX Logistics, LLC (http://www.CLXLogistics.com), the leader in reliable and seamless global logistics services, announced the addition of experienced Supply Chain Consultant, Mark van Enckevort, to its multinational team of consultants and engineers. Mr. van Enckevort joins the team with a demonstrated track record in network planning, implementation, and fulfillment.Charged with driving the performance on various national and international projects, Mr. van Enckevort, in collaboration with the Company's robust team of consultants and engineers, will be responsible for the analysis, modeling and assessment of the as-is and to-be supply chain operation and solution implementation, including the development of operating plans. Prior to joining CLX Logistics, Mr. van Enckevort served as Business Development Manager for Ingram Micro Commerce & Fulfillment Solutions and formerly on the Project Analyst, Network Planning and Implementation team for UPS Supply Chain Solutions in which they initiated cost savings projects and improved the FSL network."With an adept knowledge of the European transport and logistics market and developments, Mr. van Enckevort joins CLX Logistics with a background lucrative for identifying logistics efficiencies for our clients," said David Vieira, CLX Logistics' President and Chief Operating Officer. "We look forward to Mr. van Enckevort's contributions and enthusiastically welcome them to the growing CLX Logistics family."Mr. Enckevort holds their Bachelor's in Business Administration from Avans University of Applied Sciences.CLX Logistics, LLC is a global provider of comprehensive logistics management, technology, and supply chain consulting services to a broad base of industry verticals. The global company, with offices in North America and Europe, is dedicated to solving its customers' most vital logistics challenges by leveraging a broad range of industry expertise, best-of-breed technology and a personalized, high-touch approach to deliver measurable, sustainable value. For more information, visit www.CLXLogistics.com
PINEDALE, Wyo. (Reuters) - A judge has ruled that U.S. wildlife managers erred in denying Endangered Species Act protection to bison at Yellowstone National Park and must reconsider extending such safeguards to America's largest pure-bred herd of wild buffalo.
The decision was welcomed on Thursday by wildlife advocates who petitioned the Obama administration in 2014 to protect bison in and around Yellowstone, where animals wandering outside park boundaries are culled for slaughter by the hundreds each year.
The seasonal culling is supported by ranchers in the region, particularly in Montana, concerned about exposure of livestock to disease, competition for grass and property damage from straying bison.
“This is a victory for bison,” Ken Cole, director of the Buffalo Field Campaign, told Reuters by telephone.
Officials for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said they were reviewing the ruling, issued on Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Christopher Cooper in the District of Columbia.
Yellowstone's herd of 4,000-plus bison constitutes the largest and one of the last free-roaming, genetically pure groups of an animal that once roamed North America by the millions before being hunted to near extinction in the late 1800s.
FILE PHOTO - A car is stopped by a herd of bison crossing the highway in Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, U.S. on June 8, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart/File Photo
Conservation groups have argued that endangered species status is necessary to ensure the long-term survival of wild bison, also widely known as buffalo, and help restore the creature to more of its historic natural range.
The bison, a shaggy, hump-shouldered animal weighing up to 2,000 pounds (990 kg) and standing 6 feet (1.8 meters) tall at the shoulders, was officially designated the U.S. national mammal in 2016.
The Fish and Wildlife Service concluded in 2015 that conservation groups had failed to present sufficient evidence that the Yellowstone buffalo band was imperiled.
Cooper ruled that the Interior Department agency had erroneously failed to consider or otherwise ignored evidence indicating Yellowstone bison may be threatened or endangered.
The ruling hinged on a scientific dispute over whether there are two genetically distinct populations of bison at Yellowstone, known respectively as a central herd and a northern herd. Conservationists cited research suggesting the government's overall target at the park of 3,000 bison was too low to prevent extinction of one or both of them.
Government biologists dismissed that research. But Cooper said the Fish and Wildlife Service was required by law to explain why it found the research irrelevant, and they ordered a new agency review of whether Yellowstone bison merit protections.
The decision has no bearing on the estimated 160,000 head of privately raised bison, most of them in the West and consisting mainly of animals that carry cattle genes and are bred for commercial production.
Dallas Stars centre Jason Spezza (90) looks on during second period NHL hockey action against the Winnipeg Jets in Winnipeg, Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017. Spezza returned to the lineup after missing five games. (Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP)
Dallas lost a 5-2 game to the Jets Tuesday to fall to 1-6-0 in this most important stretch of the season. Included were losses to Winnipeg twice and Nashville once. Each time, players and coaches said the specter of a playoff spot incarnate hovering above the ice had to be seen as intense motivation.
Going head to head with a team battling for the same wild-card playoff spot meant Dallas had a clear picture of exactly what was needed.
WINNIPEG -- Just before their game with the Winnipeg Jets on Feb. 2, the Stars said their season was on the line.
And yet ... here we are.
Dallas falls to 22-26-10 (54 points) and slips behind the Jets (26-29-4, 56 points) in the standings. With the trade deadline March 1 and the Stars needing nothing short of a miracle to get back into playoff positioning, the team looks like a seller.
"It's been frustrating," said Jason Spezza, who returned from missing five games with a shoulder injury. "It's obviously not good enough. We know where it puts us in the standings. We know we have to do a better job."
Instead of worrying if Thursday's meeting in Minnesota might be a preview of a potential first-round playoff matchup, the thought now is how much they can get in a trade for Patrick Sharp or Patrick Eaves or whether Johnny Oduya, who has been out with an ankle injury, can return in time to be traded.
You might even ponder if they have a shot at Nolan Patrick, who is expected to go first in the 2017 NHL draft. Patrick is a native of Winnipeg and the nephew of Stars assistant coach James Patrick, and with the Stars sitting third right now in the draft lottery, that conversation seems more realistic than the playoffs.
The Stars had a lot of great plays, they had their share of fight and pushback, but it wasn't enough. Instead, this was another example of too little, too late. Dallas had a 28-19 advantage in shots on goal, it enjoyed plenty of great opportunities, it sort of dominated the beginning of the game.
But, Winnipeg took a 2-0 lead. A Jets team that was hemmed into its own end for much of the first period, broke out in transition. Mark Scheifele made a nice pass to Andrew Copp, and Copp did a spectacular job carrying the puck all the way down the left wing almost to the goal line. As 6-7 Stars defenseman Jamie Oleksiak stretched out to prevent a pass across, Copp still put the puck perfectly on the tape of Patrik Laine, and the rookie winger scored their 24th goal of the season.
That gave Winnipeg the all-important first goal, and the Jets took the momentum after that, as well. The hosts controlled the puck to start the second period and scored when Joel Armia spanked in a one-timer home seven minutes into the second period.
The Jets have been crumbling like a blueberry muffin themselves, in jeopardy of going winless on a four-game homestand, so they opened the door and let the Stars score twice to tie the game. Jamie Benn tallied their 500th career point on a goal and added their 501st on an assist of a Tyler Seguin goal.
That left the Stars right where they have been so many times this year, with a chance to win in the third period.
But instead of capitalizing on a power play, the Stars had missed chances from Spezza, Seguin, Patrick Sharp and John Klingberg. Then, when the Jets had their one chance, Laine whipped in the game-winner. Two empty netters later, the score looked like a blowout.
"Sharp hits two posts, a deflection, Seguin missed a point blank, Spezza missed a point blank," Stars coach Lindy Ruff said. "I have to sit here and tell the same story too many times."
In fact, for the sixth time in the past seven games.
Twitter: @MikeHeika
A huge deal was just made in the entertainment industry with one of ABC's former prolific screenwriters. Shonda Rhimes — the hit maker behind ABC's Grey's Anatomy, Scandal and more — has moved from ABC Studios to Netflix in what appears to be a huge production deal.
The deal Rhimes has agreed to involve a multiple-year contract where the producer will create and produce new projects for the streaming giant. Rhimes' producing partner Betsy Beers will also continue to head Shondaland in the move to Netflix. Rhimes is expected to score a percentage of the programming they create for Netflix.
Netflix's chief content officer, Ted Sarandos, said in a statment, “Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television. Them work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best. I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — they love TV and films, they care passionately about their work, and they deliver for their audience. We're so excited to welcome them to Netflix.”
Rhimes has been with ABC studios for fifteen years. The move comes as a blow to broadcast as we continue to see a rise in streaming services and a rise in popularity with hit shows such as Stranger Things and Orange is the New Black.
ABC is said to continue being the home of Rhimes' shows Grey's Anatomy, Scandal, and How to Get Away With Murder.
The City of Santa Maria Recreation and Parks Department and PLAY Inc. are pleased to announce that they are accepting booth applications for the 10th Annual Concerts in the Park Series.
Applications are now available for arts and crafts, nonprofits, food and vendor booths. Space is limited, and drop-ins will not be allowed. Applications are available online by clicking here or here, or at the Santa Maria Recreation and Parks Department, 615 S. McClelland St.
Most concerts in the series will be held from 1 to 3 p.m. Sundays at Rotary Centennial Park, 2625 S. College Drive, with the exception of two concerts that have been scheduled from 5 to 7 p.m. Saturdays at the Lavagnino Plaza, 400 S. McClelland St. in front of the public library.
The concert series will run from this Thursday through Sept. 5.
The 2013 Concerts in the Park Series is sponsored by the Santa Maria Recreation and Parks Department, PLAY Inc., the Rotary Clubs of Santa Maria, the Santa Maria Utilities Department, the Santa Maria Valley Chamber of Commerce and Visitor & Convention Bureau, the Santa Maria Sun, Mega 97.1, KCOY/KFOX, and the Santa Maria All-America City Committee.
For more information, call Wendy Hudson in the Recreation and Parks Department at 805.925.0951 x351.
— Dennis Smitherman is a recreation supervisor for the City of Santa Maria.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
Erdoğan puts emergency rule extension at top of agenda
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Global Turbo Molecular Pumps Market 2017, presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Turbo Molecular Pumps Market Globally, providing basic overview of Turbo Molecular Pumps Market Including Definitions, Classifications, Applications and Industry Chain Structure, Turbo Molecular Pumps Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as Manufacturing processes and cost structures. Turbo Molecular Pumps Market size, share and end users are analyzed as well as segment Markets by types, applications and companies.
Download Sample Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/30585/request-sample
Turbo Molecular Pumps Market research report studies Turbo Molecular Pumps in Global Market, Turbo Molecular Pumps Market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Global Turbo Molecular Pumps Market report focuses on top Manufacturers in global Market, with their Business perspective which consist of Turbo Molecular Pumps capacity, production, price, revenue and Turbo Molecular Pumps Market shares for each Manufacturer.
Turbo Molecular Pumps Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers.
Shimadzu Corporation
ULVAC Technologies
Osaka Vacuum
KYKY Vacuum
Ebara Corporation
Edwards
Busch
Leybold
Pfeiffer
Global Turbo Molecular Pumps Market segments by Countries, Turbo Molecular Pumps Market report splits Global into several key Countries, with Turbo Molecular Pumps Sales, Turbo Molecular Pumps production, Turbo Molecular Pumps consumption, Turbo Molecular Pumps revenue, Turbo Molecular Pumps Market share and growth rate of Turbo Molecular Pumps in these regions, from 2012 to 2027. Turbo Molecular Pumps Market report split by Product type and Application, with Turbo Molecular Pumps sales, production, revenue, price, Market share and growth rate of each type, according to Application Turbo Molecular Pumps Market report Focuses on Consumption, Market share and growth rate of Turbo Molecular Pumps in each Application.
Turbo Molecular Pumps Market Research Report Split by Type
Magnetically Suspended Type
Oil Lubricated Type
Access Full Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-turbo-molecular-pumps-market-30585.html
Turbo Molecular Pumps Market Research Report Split by Application
Industrial Vacuum Processing
Nanotechnology Instruments
Analytical Instrumentation
Other
Table of Contents
2017-2022 Global Top Countries Turbo Molecular Pumps Market Report
1 Turbo Molecular Pumps Market Overview
2 Global Turbo Molecular Pumps Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers
3 Global Turbo Molecular Pumps Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
4 Global Turbo Molecular Pumps Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
5 North America Turbo Molecular Pumps Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
6 Latin America Turbo Molecular Pumps Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
7 Europe Turbo Molecular Pumps Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
8 Asia-Pacific Turbo Molecular Pumps Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
9 Middle East and Africa Turbo Molecular Pumps Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
10 Turbo Molecular Pumps Manufacturing Cost Analysis
11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
13 Market Effect Factors Analysis
14 Global Turbo Molecular Pumps Market Forecast (2017-2022)
15 Research Findings and Conclusion
16 Appendices
16.1 Methodology
16.2 Analyst Introduction
16.3 Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone: (201) 465-4211
Email: sales@fiormarkets.com
Web: www.fiormarkets.com
(Corrects lead to Advantage from Avantage)
NEW YORK, April 3 The U.S. government on Monday said it would increase payments to health insurers who offer Medicare Advantage insurance by 0.45 percent on average, a slightly better outcome for insurers than initially proposed in February.
Medicare Advantage plans, in which private insurers manage health benefits for people aged 65 or older and the disabled, are the fastest growing form of government healthcare, with enrollment of 18 million people last year.
On Feb. 1, the government proposed an increase of 0.25 percent. Monday's is a final rate. (Reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing byn Steve Orlofsky)
Many of the best chefs in St. Louis have something in common: At one time or another, they've cooked with the vibrant flavors cultivated at Dirty Girl Farms.
Despite its name, that is no sprawling agricultural operation. Instead, it's a small patch of earth in Anne Lehman's Tower Grove South backyard, where they grow herbs, edible flowers, leaves, roots, fruits and vegetables. The "farms" in Dirty Girl Farms, Lehman explains, isn't a plural noun — it's a verb that explains what she's doing.
As for the "dirty" part, that describes the state they are often in after a day's work digging in the dirt, a state Lehman describes as pure bliss. "I am outside, it is peaceful, my company is good — birds, bees, butterflies, worms and a whole bunch of other loud beneficial insects — the snacks are always good and I get to get my hands dirty."
From their modest patch of earth, Lehman has grown a client list that reads like a "Who's Who" of top St. Louis chefs: Ben Poremba, Ben Grupe, Tello Carreon, Chris Krzysik, Gerard Craft, Sarah and Nick Blue, Mike Miller, William Pauley, Michael Gallina, Nate Hereford, Josh Charles, Summer Wright, David Rosenfeld, Heather Stone, Chris Bork, Kevin Nashan, Josh Galliano, Matt Bessler, Sherrie Castellano, Wil Pelly, Mark Sanfilippo and Robin Wheeler. Lehman also sells to florists, who covet their unique specimens for visual variety, amazing fragrances and custom edible arrangements.
In recent years, specialty farms have been planted across the country, many in small, urban environments like Lehman's. Atypical crops such as herbs, seeds, flowers, microgreens, mushrooms, maple syrup, honey and even seafood can be grown in backyards, on rooftops, in container gardens and even foraged in local wild spaces. The key to success is finding a niche that isn't already occupied, while working with a crop that grows well in your climate and is in demand.
click to enlarge PHOTO BY KELLY GLUECK
Lehman's wild cosmos have been used by Elaia, Taha'a Twisted Tiki, the Libertine, Confluence Kombucha​​​ and more.
Lehman's Dirty Girl Farms was licensed in St. Louis as the 15th Ward's first urban farm in June 2012. The operation quickly cultivated a client list, almost without even trying.
It began in earnest when Lehman brought a sample bouquet to their neighbor, John Fausz, who was then a bartender at Olio. Fausz never even got to use the floral herbs. The restaurant's owner, Ben Poremba, walked in, smelled the fragrant aroma, picked up the sweet mace and asked, "What is this?" They then requested a list of everything Lehman was growing. They placed their first order the very next day — sweet mace, pineapple sage, mojito mint, celery umbels, fennel umbels and Cuban oregano.
From then on, Lehman supplied herbs to Olio's sister restaurant, Elaia, on a weekly basis. Chef Josh Charles, who's since left Elaia, made what would prove to be one of Lehman's favorite things created from their plants — a candied sweet mace. Says Charles, "Anne's herbs add that final bit of complexity to my dishes."
Poremba's newest restaurant, Nixta, features Lehman's products as well. Executive chef Tello Carreon enjoys using the stalks of herbs such as geranium, pineapple verbena and pineapple sage, oft-discarded parts of the plants that other chefs might never consider using. With the geranium, for example, Carreon simmered the leaves and stalks in a simple syrup, vacuum-sealed them and let them sit for three months. In December, what emerged was an intensely infused flavor they used for a winter bread pudding.
And Poremba and Charles proved to be good people to know. They quickly introduced Lehman to Kevin Nashan, owner of Sidney Street Cafe and Peacemaker Lobster and Crab Company. Things really took off from there.
Mike Randolph, proprietor of Randolfi's, Público and Half & Half also met Lehman through a friend. "We were invited to tour their backyard. They walk you around, picking this and that for you to taste," they say. "She's an encyclopedia. It's really cool to have them as a resource." Since that first visit, Randolph and their chefs have ordered from them regularly. During the summer months, Randolph will often call to find out what's peaking in a given week so they can plan their menus around those flavors.
Last summer, Lehman mentioned they had some cilantro going to seed. Randolph took all of it, using it primarily as a unique flavoring in Público's ceviche. The dish proved a tremendous hit with their guests, they say.
"She has a lot of esoteric things I've never used before, which inspires us to go into research mode," they say. "She doesn't grow traditional basil, for example, but tulse basil, something unique or lost to standard cultivation. ... I just order things to kick our chefs in the butt — to challenge them."
Michael Gallina, chef/owner at Vicia, the much-anticipated restaurant soon to open in the Cortex area, values this aspect of Lehman's operation as well. "She's not just growing basil and mint," they say. "She's growing fifteen herbs that you've never heard of and fifteen that you've always wanted more access to, but can hardly ever find locally." They relish the opportunities afforded by their distinctive offerings. "Have you ever cleaned your hands after a course with a towel steamed in rose geranium? It's magical."
Secure electronic payment platform to save condominiums' banking fees
ePay by Imperial Properties
Contact
Imperial Properties
***@imperialproperties.ca
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12646420/1 Imperial Properties
End
-- Imperial Properties, a premier property management firm serving residential and commercial clients throughout Western Canada, announced today that all condominium corporations currently under the firm's management are now able to make payments through ePay, an online service that allows for fast and easy funds transfers.With the new service, all condominium unit owners will be able to make self-directed one-time and recurring payments via the Resident Login at Imperial Properties' website, www.imperialproperties.ca . In addition, should unit owners' banking information need to be changed or updated to ensure pre-authorized payments continue to go through, they will be able to do so through the same channels.The new ePay service is expected to save condominiums a considerable amount of money that would previously have gone toward payment of banking and postage fees. It also offers the ability to pay approved vendors via direct deposit, eliminating the need to use cheques and pay for postage.In transferring to ePay, no action is required of unit owners currently enrolled in the property management firm's pre-authorized debit program, as their information has already been migrated to the new system."The new ePay service is really convenient for condo owners because they now have the ability to update their own banking info, and make easy one-time payments with the click of a mouse," said Norma Villamayor, operations manager with Imperial Properties.The team at Imperial Properties sees the adoption of the new ePay service as just the latest step in its ongoing efforts to provide its clients with valuable services and convenience."Our company takes pride in continually working to bring our condominium clients the very best in amenities and services," said Adrian Schulz, ACCI, president and CEO of Imperial Properties, "and we regard the new ePay capabilities as a real benefit for condo owners."About Imperial PropertiesImperial Properties offers its property management services to owners of residential and commercial properties from its offices in Winnipeg and Regina. The company prides itself on its ability to offer high quality service and operational consistency to its property owners, including those with properties in both markets. To learn more about Imperial Properties, visit http://www.imperialproperties.ca
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Aug 13 (Reuters) - LAZURDE FOR JEWELRY CO
* SIGNS COMMERCIAL AGREEMENT WITH GLOBAL RETAILER OF DUTY-FREE SHOPS AT KSA AIRPORTS, SAUDI FRENCH DUTY-FREE OPERATIONS AND MANAGEMENT
* EXPECTS TO FULLY OPERATE IN FIVE INTERNATIONAL LOCATIONS PROVIDED AS PER DEAL BY END OF Q3 WITH TOTAL INVESTMENT 15 MILLION RIYALS
* EXPECTS FINANCIAL IMPACT TO START FROM Q4
* EXPECTS FINANCIAL IMPACT TO REPRESENT ADDITIONAL ANNUAL OPERATING REVENUE AT ABOUT 10 PERCENT OF TOTAL CO'S ANNUAL TOTAL OPERATING REVENUES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Bayer Cropscience, Novozymes, BASF, Sumitomo Chemical, Syngenta, DOW Agrosciences, Arysta Lifescience, Certis, Koppert, Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd. (GSFC).
The AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of AMicrobial Enrichment Broth industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amicrobial-enrichment-broth-market/10143/#requestforsample
The AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market Products Type Segmentation : Bacterial, Fungal Microbials, Composite Microbials, Others (Algae, Virus, and Protozoa).
AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market Applications Segmentation : Cereals & Grains, Oilseeds & Pulses, Fruits & Vegetables, Others.
Key Highlights of the AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amicrobial-enrichment-broth-market/10143/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The AMicrobial Enrichment Broth market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
LAUSANNE, Switzerland Australian Richie Porte snatched overall victory in the Tour of Romandie from overnight leader Simon Yates on Sunday after out-performing the Briton in the final time-trial stage.
Porte, who rides for BMC, took second place on Sunday's 17.8-km course around Lausanne, behind Slovenian Primoz Roglic, to pip Orica's Yates to the title by 21 seconds.
"It's a massive shock to be honest," Porte, a former Australian time trial champion, told cyclingnews.com. "I didn't think I'd be able to claw that much back."
Britain's Tour de France champion Chris Froome of Team Sky, who dropped out of contention for a top place on Saturday, finished the time trial in ninth to end up 18th overall.
Italy's Fabio Felline, of Trek-Segafredo, who won the opening prologue, held on to fourth place overall, behind Roglic.
(Writing by Clare Fallon; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Callan Carter
Contact
Sara Van Dusen
***@sarasource.com Sara Van Dusen
End
-- Trucker Huss, APC is pleased to announce that attorney Callan Carter will participate in a Business and Legal Resources (BLR) Conference: 12Annual California Employment Law Update (CELU) on October 11-13, 2017 at the Westin South Coast in Costa Mesa, California. Carter will present on the topic:The conference offers employment attorneys guidance on the implications legislative and regulatory developments and emerging human resources trends will have on compliance obligations. Click here (http://live.blr.com/event/california-employment-law-update/) for more information about the event.Carter focuses their practice primarily on health and welfare plans, cafeteria plans and the effects of healthcare reform. They advise clients on plan wcj design, prepares required documents, and assists in compliance with applicable laws, including ERISA, HIPAA, IRC, USERRA, COBRA and the ACA (as well as state and local requirements). Carter advises clients on the complex application of non-discrimination rules, prohibited transactions, fiduciary issues, controlled group determinations, and benefits issues in mergers and acquisitions. They also negotiate services contracts on behalf of their clients with insurance companies and other health and welfare plan vendors.Trucker Huss is the largest employee benefits specialty law firm headquartered on the West Coast. Our in-depth knowledge and breadth of experience on all issues confronting benefit plans, plan sponsors, and plan fiduciaries translate into real-world, practical solutions for our clients—backed by the resources to handle the most complex or the most straightforward matters. For more information, visit http://www.truckerhuss.com/
April 7 Seek Ltd:
* Zhaopin signs merger agreement between Seek, Hillhouse Capital Management and Fountainvest Partners
* Buyer group will acquire all of outstanding shares of Zhaopin for total consideration equal to US$18.20 per American depositary share of company
* Consideration will be in form of a special dividend, which will be a minimum US$0.56 and maximum US$2.70 per ads and an additional cash payment
* If completed, merger will result in Zhaopin becoming a privately-held company and adss will no longer be listed on NYSE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mother ‘shocked' at being told to stop breastfeeding at GAA match
04 July 2018
A mother who was told not to breastfeed their baby at a GAA match, says they were left “shocked” and “embarrassed”.
Iseult Mangan was asked by an official at the weekend's Kildare/Mayo match to go to the toilets if they wanted to nurse their child.
Other staff came to their aid and told their breastfeeding is welcome.
Iseult says they felt upset at the whole situation.
They said: “Security says ‘no, you can't do that here', and I said ‘what do you mean I can't do that here?', so they said ‘you can do that in the toilets'.
“To which I stepped back and I had my 11-year-old daughter right behind me, my husband and my sons had gone off to watch the match where we'd said we'd go if we didn't get a seat.
“I said to them ‘are you for real?', and they just looked over my shoulder and didn't engage with me again.”
Share it:
Don't Miss
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has appended a new research publication to its extensive research repository on global biodegradable plastic bags and sacks market. According to the report, the worldwide market for plastic bags and sacks is estimated to grow at a 6.9% CAGR during the assessment period of 2017 to 2022. The global biodegradable plastic bags and sacks market is estimated to reach just under US$ 1.5 Bn towards the close of 2017. Further, the study indicates that the global market is estimated to be valued at about US$ 2 Bn by the close of the period of forecast.
Get Free Sample Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/sample/3901
Increasing Pollution to Boost Global Market Demand for Biodegradable Plastic Bags and Sacks
This research publication indicates that increasing pollution arising due to the use of petroleum based plastic products is causing grave environmental concerns and this is a major factor responsible for a growing demand in the biodegradable plastics bags and sacks market across the globe. It is also observed in the report that the rising reliance of the food and medical industry on eco-friendly plastic baggage is another driving factor responsible for the development of the worldwide biodegradable plastic bags and sacks market. Also, the changing stringent laws pertaining to traditional plastic disposable products in developing regions is another factor responsible for the increase in demand for biodegradable plastic products. In the foreseeable future, developments in various manufacturing technology systems and the deployment of wide-ranging additives is expected to improvise the compostability and biodegradability of plastic bags and sacks, and this will have additional impact on the development of the market.
Global Biodegradable Plastic Bags and Sacks Market: Segmental Analysis
The research study categorizes the international market for biodegradable plastic bags and sacks into product type, material type, region, and end user. By material type, this report bifurcates the global market for biodegradable plastic bags and sacks into polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHAs), others, polylactic acids (PLAs), and starch blends. Among all these segments, PLA segment is the leading segment and is anticipated to remain dominant over the said period. Based on product type, the study categorizes the global market for biodegradable plastics bags and sacks market into lay flat bags, gusseted bags, trash bags, woven sacks, rubble sacks, T-shirt bags, and others. By end use, the report segregates the international market for biodegradable plastics bags and sacks into consumers, institutional, retail and industrial. On the basis of region, the market is tracked across Europe, Latin America, North America, and Asia Pacific excluding Japan. Among all these regions, Europe is anticipated to dominate the global market in the coming years.
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https://www.mrrse.com/biodegradable-plastic-bags-sacks-market
Global Biodegradable Plastic Bags & Sacks Market: Key Players
Some of the top companies featured in this report are Sarah Bio Plast, Wells Plastics Ltd., JUNER Plastic packaging Co., Sahachit Watana Plastic Industry Co.,Ltd., Shabra Group, Novolex, International Plastics Inc., Xtex Polythene Ltd., Dagoplast AS, EXTRAPACK Ltd., Bulldog Bag Ltd., Symphony Polymers Pvt Ltd., Ampac Holdings LLC, and Abbey Polyethene. The report also provides a detailed profiling of the leading players and highlights the various strategies incorporated by these companies along with the current market share in the biodegradable plastic bags and sacks market.
Enquire About this Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3901
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States
Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: https://www.mrrse.com/
(Corrects headline and text after ANTAD said same-store sales rose 4.0 percent not 3.1 percent and total sales rose 6.9 percent not 6.0 percent)
MEXICO CITY, April 11 Mexico's retailers' association said on Tuesday that sales at stores open at least a year rose 4.0 percent in March compared to same month a year earlier.
The association, known as ANTAD, includes retail chains Walmex and Soriana as well as other department stores. Total sales grew 6.9 percent compared to March 2016, the group said. (Reporting by Anthony Esposito)
March 31 Karo Pharma AB
* Says board proposes a dividend of 0.50 SEK/share
* Says 0.22 SEK is a one-time dividend from the divestment of shares in Oasmia. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
Hi-Rez Studios is immediately hiring an experienced Senior Gameplay Programmer to work at our studio in Alpharetta, Georgia.
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed SMITE, Paladins, & Tribes: Ascend; as we embark on exciting new online game projects.
What a Gameplay Programmer does:
Design and architect new game enhancements and defects fixes using Unreal Engine 3
Design and architect other client or server systems as required
Test and refine systems throughout the development cycle of the project
Work closely with design and art disciplines in the development of products
Write clear, maintainable, portable code
Participate in code and architecture reviews
Who we are looking for:
Exceptional C/C++ design and programming skills.
5+ years of software programming experience.
Background in math including Linear Algebra.
Bachelor's degree or greater in Computer Science or similar discipline (Math, Physics, CE or EE) or equivalent experience thru professional game development, indie projects, or mods.
Team-oriented but self-motivated.
Thrives upon change.
Comfortable prototyping and working with iterative development process.
Passion for games.
Strong work ethic.
Problem solver.
Preferred candidate has:
BOGOTA: The United States “will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles,” Vice President Mike Pence said Sunday, but they emphasized a peaceful path even as they stood by President Donald Trump's startling warning that US military action remained a possibility.
“We have many options for Venezuela, but the president also remains confident that working with all of our allies across Latin America we can achieve a peaceable solution,” Pence said in a news conference alongside Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, as they began a week-long Latin America tour of four countries.
Their trip comes after Trump on Friday said they were mulling a range of scenarios for crisis-hit Venezuela—“including a possible military option if necessary.”
Trump's comment drew condemnation from Caracas, which called the threat “reckless” and “craziness.”
The rest of Latin America—even countries strongly opposed to Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's usurpation of their country's democratic institutions—also strongly rejected it.
Santos re-affirmed that regional stance by saying they told Pence frankly “that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered.”
They added: “The Latin American continent, every country in Latin America, would not favor any form of military intervention.”
Seeking Venezuela's ‘isolation'
Colombia, Venezuela's neighbor, is a stalwart US ally and a fierce critic of Maduro and their policies.
But it and many other Latin American countries have bitter memories of past US adventures in the region, including invasions, the propping up of military dictators and the sponsorship of guerrilla groups and paramilitaries.
Pence's trip to Colombia, Argentina, Chile and Panama was dominated by US efforts to find joint action with Latin American partners to increase pressure on Maduro.
Washington has already imposed unilateral sanctions on Maduro and nearly two dozen of their officials over the establishment of a new loyalist body, an all-powerful Constituent Assembly, that supersedes the legislature controlled by the opposition.
Specifically on the threat of military action, Pence said: “President Trump is a leader who says what they mean and means what they say.”
But they emphasized their trip was “to marshal the unprecedented support of countries across Latin America to achieve by peaceable means the restoration of democracy in Latin America, and we believe it is achievable by those means.”
Eclipsing other issues
Trump's stated possibility of a US military operation looked likely to shadow Pence at every stop, eclipsing bilateral issues, especially trade, that they were raising along the way.
In Venezuela, Maduro's regime has seized onto Trump's threat as proof of its oft-repeated claim that the United States wanted to topple the current leftist government to get its hands on Venezuela's oil reserves, the largest in the world.
The Venezuelan opposition coalition seeking to oust Maduro through early elections on Sunday also rejected “the use of force, or the threat of applying such force, by whatever country against Venezuela,” in a statement.
Venezuela's leftist allies Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador and Nicaragua meanwhile all backed Venezuela in a confrontation against its “imperialist” foe.
Venezuela's economy is heavily reliant on its oil exports, and shipments to the US—its biggest customer—account for 40 percent of its crude production, but only eight percent of American oil imports.
The US sanctions so far have been against individuals and not targeted Venezuela's oil industry, which would have consequences for US refineries.
AFP
SINGAPORE, March 31 Country Garden Holdings Co Ltd is looking to attract homebuyers from Southeast Asia, India and the Middle East for its $100 billion Forest City project in Malaysia, hoping to reduce its reliance on China amid Beijing's capital controls.
The mixed-use development, which will include office towers, malls and schools, is the most high-profile project in Malaysia's ambitious Iskandar special economic zone and is being built over 20 years on four human-made islands covering 14 square kilometres.
The project has sold thousands of apartments so far, with Chinese accounting for 70 percent of the buyers.
Forest City wants to diversify its client base, as Beijing looks to tighten its grip on funds moving out of the country after the yuan plummeted to more than eight-year lows.
"The capital controls will have an impact on Forest City," Yu Runze, chief strategy officer of Country Garden Pacificview, said in a email to Reuters, adding it was an "opportunity to shift our sales strategy to be more international."
They said the company will recruit local staff in the targeted markets and increase its advertising budget there.
Country Garden said this month it had shut some mainland China sales centres promoting the project for renovations amid the capital controls.
For 2017, the developer aims to attract companies in the tourism, education and healthcare sectors to set up shop in Forest City, Yu said.
They expect to sign memorandums of understanding with about 30-40 companies from these sectors in July and another 30-40 companies by December. (Reporting by Aradhana Aravindan; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Dubin Marketing Inc. awarded General Services Administration contracts with the assistance of Government Marketplace LLC.
Contact
Dubin Marketing Inc
***@dubinmarketing.com Dubin Marketing Inc
End
-- Dubin Marketing Inc. (DMI) of Prescott, AZ, USA, has been awarded a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) contract from the General Services Administration (GSA). This GSA award authorizes DMI to offer its expertise in advertising, video and film production, web-based marketing, public relations, and graphic design to U.S. Government agencies. Dubin Marketing Inc. received this award with the guidance of Government Marketplace LLC, a company specializing in helping small businesses access U.S. Government contracts through solicitation proposal, marketing assistance, and consulting.Founded in 1996, DMI is distinguished by its long and stable client relationships and an unbroken track record of delivering high-impact solutions at high speed. Agency principal Roger Dubin is an award-winning creative director, with proven expertise in every facet of advertising and marketing, who serves as the point of contact throughout all phases of every project.Mr. Dubin comments on the award: "Working with government agencies is certainly a new field for DMI, but we're very excited about the opportunity. We look forward to applying our decades of experience, signature creative, and out-of-the-box marketing solutions to the intriguing challenges that are unique to U.S. Government projects.""The shortest distance between your project and success." DMI is a one-stop shop for integrated marketing: print, online, video, radio, outdoor, direct, public relations, and collateral. Its optimized structure means that its clients don't have to deal with the typical agency layers of staff and departments for reviews and approvals, which add time, complexity, aggravation, and pile on the costs.Contact: RDubin@DubinMarketing.com • 928.778.1917 • www.DubinMarketing.com "Helping businesses connect with the government, one business at a time." The road to securing government contracts can be daunting. Government Marketplace assists small business owners seeking to enter fsbdt this field via registrations, proposals, education, and networking. Government Marketplace is a woman-owned small business based in Delaware, with a team of highly trained consultants, technical writers, and customer-service representatives, whose mission is to provide their clients with proactive marketing strategies that help them present their products and services to local, state and Federal Government agencies.Contact: www.Gov-Marketplace.com Media ContactDubin Marketing IncMedia RelationsRDubin@DubinMarketing.com928.778.1917United Stateswww.DubinMarketing.com
