ADVERTISEMENT
For a futuristic film, Blade Runner 2049 is so nostalgic it hurts. It's nostalgic for Sinatra. It's nostalgic for noir. It's nostalgic for horses and childhood and Elvis and dogs and trees and the sheer existence of memory. It's nostalgic for the version of the future that existed in the past — there are no smartphones, and the Pan Am logo flashes in neon lights. If it's nostalgic for the color green, it's also nostalgic for electricity, which seems to be in short supply. It's nostalgic for snow and bugs and touch. For hedonism when it meant good old American excess like Las Vegas and roulette and whiskey, gigantic statues of naked ladies instead of pornified holograms and geishas.
Above all, it's nostalgic for itself.
That's not exactly new. Ridley Scott's original 1982 Blade Runner — arguably the strangest and most influential sci-fi-noir film of its century, in which Harrison Ford's gritty bounty hunter (or "blade runner," in the film's parlance) hunts down a handful of rogue replicants (essentially, robots who look exactly like people) — created a technological dystopia that practically throbbed with nostalgia for the authenticating power of biology: for organic, carbon-based empirical certainty. "There's some of me in you," genetic designer J.F. Sebastian told the replicants they helped create. It's the kind of thing a proud dad says, and Sebastian is right. Still, as lineages go, this is both accurate and (to replicants trapped in their artificial lifespan) dispiriting. For one thing, there's nothing carnal enough to sustain the human-robot alliance. Sebastian contributed to their creation, sure, but they also people their rooms with mechanical beings. The other parental fantasy — the "I am your father" moment in the original film that powers the renegade replicant Roy's confrontation with Dr. Eldon Tyrell, the genius mogul behind the replicants — collapses the moment it's touched. In fact, almost every meaningful measure of what it means to exist short-circuits before anyone can achieve clarity.
The story picks up again decades later in Blade Runner 2049 with Ryan Gosling's K, a blade runner who is also a replicant, stumbling on a potentially explosive secret. And ironically, given how completely both films eulogize the possibility of parental bonds, Blade Runner 2049 replicates its predecessor's yearning for them like a rebellious kid, trafficking in fascinating (if ineffective) inversions. These replicants no longer have artificially short lifespans! (Given how huge a plot point this was in this original, this seems oddly unimportant in the sequel.) These replicants can't disobey! (Except they can.)
There's more: Harrison Ford's named protagonist of the first film knows he's not a replicant (but might be), whereas Ryan Gosling's (essentially unnamed) protagonist in this one knows he's a replicant (and might not be). The love interest in Blade Runner turned out to be more biologically human than anyone suspected; the love interest in 2049 lacks a physical body. If the sex scene in Blade Runner was rough and coercive, the sex scene in 2049 demands so much coordination it's almost parodically consensual. The J.F. Sebastian inventor figure in 2049 is a woman, and if the former's space was cluttered and stuffed with inventions and grotesque old toys, theirs is totally, radically empty. Both are saddled with strange ailments. Both are child-like. And both can honestly say (to the replicants who come to them for help) that "there's some of me in you."
If 2049 doubles down on its predecessor's epistemological (and cinematic) fog — on the narrative problem of discerning what's real and what isn't — it also sharpens the original's hunger for biological authentication: what rain feels like, the physical basis of memory, what DNA means. People hunger for tangible truths. Cinematographer Roger Deakins and director Denis Villeneuve render this sensory starvation visually: The world's ecosystems have collapsed, and the "blackout" has turned California's farmland white. The world is burned and bleached or wet and black; the palate is therefore a slurry of swimmy oranges and greys, with no blue or green in sight.
The results are achingly beautiful set pieces that are themselves nostalgic. This is a stunning film that somehow makes you homesick for the original. 2049's Las Vegas is magnificent — and so fractured and anxious and elegiac about the past that even the hologram recreations of Elvis keeps blinking in and out. Bees against an orange sky, Ryan Gosling silhouetted against a gigantic high-heeled shoe or a hologram of a ballerina en pointe: These are electrifying images in a movie where even the electricity — that dystopian substitution for substance — keeps going out.
The plot sometimes suffers from the same problem as the electricity. It's … spotty. Gosling's blade runner is a sharp observer ostensibly conversant in detection and surveillance technologies. And yet, several important developments hinge on theirs being stupid or a complete naif. Jared Leto plays the villain Niander Wallace with an unmotivated creepiness that shocks without quite ripening to an agenda or perspective or point. Sylvia Hoeks does steely work as their assistant Luv, but their characterization is fuzzy: Initially it seems to build into something unexpected and affecting and interesting, but by the end, she's flattened into uncomplicated malice.
That messy plotting — stacked on top of premises that turn out to be rather inconsequential — means that 2049 is (philosophically speaking) pretty diffuse. There are some satisfying parallels — that the civilization-wide "blackout" puns on a loss of memory is just one example — but it's less a thought experiment than a sentimental journey, and the takeaway is something like nostalgia for nostalgia itself. That doesn't make 2049 an unworthy descendant to Blade Runner; in fact, what stands out is how powerfully it insists on its nostalgic kinship with the original, by internally decimating any hope of nostalgic connection. If Blade Runner was an origami unicorn, Blade Runner 2049 is a carved wooden horse: a little less magical, complex, delicate, and weird, but plenty evocative all the same.
Scottish Water is facilitating the generation of more renewable power than it consumes for the first time since it launched efforts to reduce its energy bill and increase renewable generation five years ago.
The utility company, which provides essential 24-7 services to customers across Scotland, is one of the biggest users of electricity in the country and requires about 445 Gigawatt hours (GWh) per year across 4500 sites such as water and waste water treatment works.
This is enough to power nearly 140,000 homes occupied by more than 300,000 people,
Through a combination of Scottish Water's own investment in renewable energy and hosting private investment on its estate, new figures confirm that the company now generates and hosts more renewable power than it consumes annually and is on course to double this by 2018.
Scottish Water's increase in renewable power generation, which supports the Scottish Government's ambitious renewable heat and carbon reduction targets, has been achieved by improving energy efficiency, increasing self-generation and hosting private renewable investment on the company's estate.
The company's milestone was welcomed by Roseanna Cunningham, the Cabinet Secretary for Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform, who said: “I am delighted that Scottish Water has met this significant milestone. By generating and hosting more renewable power than they consume, they are providing a great example to other companies of how improving energy efficiency and investing in renewable power can have a real impact. For them, renewable power is lowering their electricity bill – helping to keep customers' water charges low.
“As we consider our current draft Climate Change Plan and consult on Scotland's draft Energy Strategy, this impressive achievement shows that the Government's ambition to reduce carbon greenhouse gas emissions by 66% by 2032 is realistic. I therefore congratulate Scottish Water on this achievement and hope that their actions provide confidence to other businesses and public sector organisations to invest in renewable power.”
Chris Toop, General Manager of Scottish Water's energy programme, said Scottish Water was delighted to have reached this important milestone in its efforts to reduce its energy bill and increase renewable generation.
They said: “Every day, Scottish Water provides customers with 1.37 billion litres of drinking water before collecting and treating 921 million litres of waste water.
“Providing those essential services requires a lot of power but our infrastructure also provides opportunities for us to maximise value from that asset base and fulfil our duty to act sustainably in the delivery of our services.
“We have invested in a number of innovative measures such as low-carbon, low-cost treatment technologies and doubled our renewable energy capacity to more than 54GWh through hydro, wind, photovoltaic solar, biomass boilers and combined heat and power (CHP).
“Scottish Water has installed more than 4000 smart meters to target energy opportunities and, in just three years, these have raised the annual financial benefits to more than £7m, cut carbon emissions by 16% since 2006-7 and facilitated more than £330m of private investment on its estate.
“Facilitating more renewable power than we consume makes a significant contribution to keeping the long-term cost of providing vital water and waste water services as low as possible, while supporting national economic, carbon and renewable energy targets.”
Dave Thomson, Director of Finance with Scottish Water Horizons Ltd, the public utility's commercial subsidiary which has made a significant contribution to the company's renewables targets, said: “We have invested £16m in various renewables technologies over the last few years and have committed to invest a further £50m in sustainable energy production, enhancing energy security, job creation and ultimately keeping costs low for customers.”
Global algae product market offers strategic visions into the global algae product market along with the market size (Revenue – US$ Mn and Volume – Kilo Tons) and estimates for the duration 2016 to 2024. Increasing demand for algae products such as Carotenoids, β-Carotene, Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and Astaxanthin from the nutraceuticals and pharmaceutical industry is expected to boost the market growth. The market for algae products is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period from 2019 to 2024. The global algae product market was valued at US$ 31.3 Bn in 2016.
Algae product market is majorly expected to witness sustainable growth during the forecast period due to its high nutritional value as a high protein source. It is a complete protein with essential amino acid which is involved in major metabolic processes which include enzyme production. Moreover, the cosmetic industry is also expected to be one of the driving forces for the growth of the market in terms of revenue. Algae are used in cosmetics products as a raw material, specialized functional ingredient and as bulk extract formulations. Other applications such as paints & colorants, pollution control and others which include lubricants are also expected to boost strong demand for algae products in the market.
Download a sample copy of report @ https://axiommrc.com/request-for-sample/?report=1386
Algae Products Market Is Segmented On The Basis Of Types, nutritional value & Applications:
Based on the nutritional value, the market is segmented into high-value products, medium value products, and low-value products. On the basis of type, the market is segmented into Eucheuma, Laminaria Japonica, Gracilaria, Undaria Pinnatifida, Porphyra, and others. In terms of application, the global algae product market is segmented into nutraceuticals, food and feed supplements, pharmaceuticals, paints and coatings, pollution control and others. Among these, nutraceuticals dominated the global algae products market in 2016. Algae are a very rich source of active natural products and nutraceuticals.
The Algae Products Market Is Segmented On The Basis Of By Geography:
Geographically, Europe accounted for the largest market for algae product, globally. In 2016, the region accounted for around 38% of the overall algae product market's revenue. Growing demand for algae products from nutraceuticals and pharmaceutical industries in Europe have led to the growth of algae products in the market. Furthermore, Asia Pacific is expected to witness the fastest growth during the forecast period. China, India, Japan, Australia, and South Korea are among the major markets for algae product market in this region. Growing health awareness among the people is another factor driving the growth of algae products market in the region.
Algae Products Market Is Led by Leading Manufacturers:
• Algaetech International,
• Cellana Inc.,
• DIC LIFETEC Co. Ltd.,
• Cyanotech Corporation,
• Taau Australia Pty. Ltd.,
• Fuqing King DnarmsaSpirulina Co., Ltd.,
• Alltech Algae,
• Parry Nutraceuticals,
• BlueBioTech International.
London: A blaze engulfed a 24-storey housing block in central London on Wednesday, trapping residents as they slept and killing at least 12 people in an inferno that the fire brigade said was unprecedented in its scale and speed.
More than 200 firefighters, backed up by 40 fire engines, fought for hours to try to control the blaze, London`s deadliest in a generation. The Grenfell Tower apartment block was home to about 600 people.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the fire raised questions about the safety of such high-rise blocks, and the BBC reported that the scale of the disaster could delay Prime Minister Theresa May`s announcement of a parliamentary deal to stay in power.
Some residents screamed for help from behind upper-floor windows, others tried to throw children to safety, as flames raced through the block of about 120 apartments in the North Kensington district just before 1 am.
Firefighters said they had rescued 65 people - some in pyjamas - from the 43-year-old block, a low-rent housing estate overlooking upscale parts of the Kensington area.
"We could see a lot of children and parents screaming for `Help! Help! Help!` and putting their hands on the window and asking to help them," Amina Sharif told Reuters.
"We could do nothing and we could see the stuff on the side was falling off, collapsing. We were just standing screaming and they were screaming."
Another witness, Saimar Lleshi, saw people tying together sheets to try to escape.
"I saw three people putting sheets together to climb down, but no one climbed down. I don't know what happened to them. Even when the lights went off, people were waving with white shirts to be seen," Lleshi said.
The fire sent up plumes of smoke that could be seen from miles away. The ambulance service said 68 people were being treated in hospital, with 18 in critical condition.
More than 16 hours after the fire started, crews were still trying to douse flames as they sought to reach the top floors.
But London police commander Stuart Cundy told reporters they did not believe further survivors would be found in the building.
At a nearby community centre used to house some of those rescued, tensions were rising as occupants waited for news.
"The fire, which was unprecedented in its scale and speed, will be subject to a full fire investigation," said Steve Apter from the London Fire Brigade. "Any lessons learnt from this will be borne out not just across London, across the UK - and lessons learnt globally."
The emergency services said it was too early to say what had caused the inferno, which left the block a charred, smoking shell. Some residents said no alarm had sounded. Others said they had warned repeatedly about fire safety in the block.
The building had recently undergone an 8.7 million pound ($11.08 million) exterior refurbishment, which included new external cladding and windows.
Residents who escaped told how they woke up to the smell of burning and rushed to leave through smoke-filled corridors and stairwells.
There were reports that some leapt out of windows. Other witnesses spoke of children including a baby being thrown to safety from high windows.
Tamara, one witness, told the BBC: "There`s people, like, throwing their kids out, `Just save my children, just save my children!`".
Prime Minister May said their thoughts were with all those affected. Opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn said sprinkler systems should be installed in such blocks and called on the government to make a statement in parliament.
Khan, the London mayor, said questions needed to be answered about the safety of tower blocks after some residents said they had been advised they should stay in their flats in the event of a fire.
"What we can`t have is a situation where people`s safety is put at risk because of bad advice being given or, if it is the case, as has been alleged, of tower blocks not being properly serviced or maintained," Khan said.
Resident Michael Paramasivan told BBC radio they had spoken to a woman who lived on the 21st floor:
"She has got six kids. They left with all six of them. When they got downstairs, there was only four of them with them  They are now breaking their heart."
The suspect in the stabbing death of a Fort Worth teen girl early Tuesday morning has been arrested, Fort Worth police said.
Spokesman Bradley Perez said they had no further details about the arrest. On Tuesday, they said that the suspect was another juvenile female whose name was known to homicide detectives working the case.
The victim, 14-year-old Nylah Lightfoot, was transported to John Peter Smith hospital after police responded to a cutting call shortly before 3:30 a.m. Tuesday morning at the Sycamore Pointe Apartments in south Fort Worth.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
They were pronounced dead upon arrival, according to the Tarrant County medical examiner's office.
Perez said Tuesday that the incident happened after the two girls had a verbal altercation.
On Wednesday, Perez said that the juvenile suspect was arrested at their residence without incident. Police cannot provide further information because they are a juvenile, they said.
Residents on Wednesday described a huge police presence around the scene of the stabbing Tuesday morning, with one woman saying they couldn't leave for work because their vehicle was blocked by law enforcement vehicles.
People who live at the apartment complex said they have heard rumors, but nobody seemed to know exactly what happened.
One man said that the victim was transported by helicopter to the hospital.
"They have to improve security here," one man said.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Eyewitness Ralph Crosby describes seeing a man later identified as Kenneth Martin get out of a pickup truck, walk up to a vehicle and shoot into the driver's side window at an intersection near Southlake Town Square on May 31, 2016. The Dallas Morning NewsLena Blietz
While Chrissy Teigen may have announced that they were expecting their second child with hubby, John Legend, only a few weeks ago, their sultry style has not missed a beat. From skintight minidresses to waist-cinching gowns, the former model knows how to dress their bump without sacrificing the sexy. And, their latest red carpet appearance at the Nobel Prize Banquet in Norway on Sunday was no exception.
Teigen, who attended the academic celebration with Legend, was one hot mama in a curve-hugging pink velvet gown from Tadashi Shoji's fall 2017 collection. The dress in question featured lace details on the sleeves and shoulders, and, most importantly, a keyhole that displayed some major cleavage.
Splash News
Splash News
The mom of one accessorized the ensemble with a geometric clutch and quiet gold jewelry, ensuring all eyes were on their growing bump and ample assets. Smoky eye makeup and a rumpled updo with face-framing pieces upped Teigen's sex appeal.
Let the pregnancy style streak continue!
This report studies Spices and Seasonings in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India.
This report studies Spices and Seasonings in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022.
This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering
McCormick & Company
Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Everest Spices
MDH Spices
Ariake Japan
Baria Pepper
British Pepper & Spice Co. Ltd (SHS Group)
Olam International
Catch (DS Group)
Bart Ingredients
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Hot Spices
Aromatic Spices
Other
By Application, the market can be split into
Food Processing Industry
Catering Industry
Household
Other
By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want)
North America
China
Europe
Southeast Asia
Japan
India
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now! https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-spices-and-seasonings-market-professional-survey-report-2018/request-sample
Table of Contents
Global Spices and Seasonings Market Professional Survey Report 2017
1 Industry Overview of Spices and Seasonings
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Spices and Seasonings
1.1.1 Definition of Spices and Seasonings
1.1.2 Specifications of Spices and Seasonings
1.2 Classification of Spices and Seasonings
1.2.1 Hot Spices
1.2.2 Aromatic Spices
1.2.3 Other
1.3 Applications of Spices and Seasonings
1.3.1 Food Processing Industry
1.3.2 Catering Industry
1.3.3 Household
1.3.4 Other
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.
YORK, Pa. (AP) - Authorities are investigating a home explosion in southern Pennsylvania that left one person seriously injured.
Firefighters were called to the scene around 2 p.m. Saturday in Penn Township. Neighbors near the home reported hearing a sound like dynamite going off, and fire officials say one wall collapsed in the explosion.
Two men were inside the home at the time. One had to be airlifted to the hospital with severe burns, and fire officials say the second person escaped with no injuries.
Six people who lived in the building and two others who lived nearby have been displaced. They are currently receiving assistance from the Red Cross.
Hanover Fire Chief Anthony Clousher tells WGAL-TV they plan to have the building razed.
click to enlarge Photo by CAA / Rafael Suanes
The CAA title won by Coach Earl Grant's Cougars triggered a $20,000 bonus included in their contract
$10,000 for winning CAA regular season
$20,000 for winning CAA tournament and qualifying for NCAA tournament
$10,000 for at large bid to NCAA tournament
$20,000 for each NCAA tournament victory
$5,000 for at-large NIT bid
$5,000 for being named CAA Coach of the Year
PDF Coach Earl Grant Contract
When Coach Earl Grant's Cougars stepped on the floor at the CAA tournament in North Charleston earlier this month, he'd already earned themselves a $10,000 bonus for winning the regular season conference championship. If their recruits could string together a few more wins, they would earn themselves another cash bonus.In all, Grant earned an extra $30,000 on top of their base pay of $400,000 over the course of the College's 26-win season by fulfilling two of the six 'Championship Incentives' included in their contract.Here are the incentives included in Grant's contract with College of Charleston, which was extended through the 2021-22 before last April:The College lost 62-58 to Auburn on Friday night, meaning that Grant was just four points short of earning another $20,000.Some other notes from their current contract:He may have a little extra dough headed their way in the next few weeks, but's Gene Sapakoff reported last week that Grant plunked down some $4,000 to outfit their entire coaching staff at 319 Men on King Street ahead of the school's first tournament game since 1999. Grant's old boss Gregg Marshall, a former CofC assistant, used to do the same thing for their staff when the two worked together at Winthrop.If the Cougars continue their success under Grant, he'll likely get calls from bigger schools looking to lure them away. If Grant bolts for another opportunity during that time, they would be required to pay the College $400,000 before April 30, 2018 and $200,000 after that.Grant's contract also includes a $10,000 academic incentive if their players maintain an NCAA Academic Progress Rate of 930. The most recent publicly-available data shows CofC maintaining a 980 average rate 2012-2016.College of Charleston's athletics budget is more than $19 million. "Student athletes," as the NCAA calls them, are not paid.
The structure, known to be the tallest of its kind in Asia, was completely destroyed by the time the fire was extinguished.On December 10, a fire broke out at the Lingguan Mansion complex in Mianzhu, China's Sichuan province. The flames were extinguished about four hours later, by which time a 16-story wooden pagoda and a prayer hall at the Buddhist temple were burnt to the ground, local government reported in a statement published on Weibo.Several videos were shared online, showing bright flames and black smoke ripping through the temple's pagoda as it falls to pieces.There were no casualties reported, authorities said in the statement. The cause of the blaze is still unknown and an investigation is underway.According to local media reports, the original Lingguan Mansion was built during the Ming dynasty (1368-1644) and destroyed in a magnitude 8 earthquake that hit Sichuan in 2008. The temple with what was considered to be the tallest wooden tower in Asia, was later restored but remained under construction when the fire broke out.
Los Angeles: Texas native Jordan Spieth will find a familiar face waiting for them in round-robin play at the World Golf Championships (WGC) Match Play Championship in Austin, Texas, this week in sometime US teammate Patrick Reed.
Spieth and Reed have teamed to great effect in two Ryder Cups and last year's Presidents Cup but will meet as Match Play opponents for the first time.
Sixteen groups of four will play round-robin matches from Wednesday through Friday at Austin Country Club, where knockout competition begins with Saturday's round of 16.
Australian Jason Day, the 2016 champion when Austin Country Club hosted the event for the first time, beat South African Louis Oosthuizen in the final that year.
They'll meet in the group stage this time around.
Reigning champion Dustin Johnson's group includes Presidents Cup teammate Kevin Kisner.
The top 16 ranked players are the top seeds in their respective groups, with the other spots decided by a random draw on Monday.
Spain's Jon Rahm, runner-up to Johnson last year, heads a group that also includes Kiradech Aphibarnrat, winner of the World Super 6 Perth event, Chez Reavie and Keegan Bradley.
"Certainly not an easy group," Rahm said.
Spain's Sergio Garcia, building toward their Masters title defence in April, opens in a group that includes US PGA Tour Rookie of the Year Xander Schauffele, Dylan Frittelli, who won a US collegiate title for the University of Texas, and Shubhankar Sharma of India.
Sharma broke through for a European Tour victory at the Joburg Open in December and won again in Kuala Lumpur in February before challenging at the WGC Mexico Championship this month.
A man died from their injuries after falling out from the back of a ute in Boddington
© Los Angeles Times
an Obama-era amnesty initiative that extended temporary legal status to foreign nationals who illegally entered the country as children.The Court divided five to four along ideological lines in a late Friday ruling that temporarily permits the administration to conceal records relating to the program.The ruling is likely a boon to Trump's efforts to defend DACA's termination."The Department of Justice is pleased with the Supreme Court's decision today putting on hold the district court's overreach," DOJ spokesperson Devin O'Malley said. "The Department of Homeland Security acted within its lawful authority in deciding to wind down DACA in an orderly manner, and the Justice Department believes the courts will ultimately agree."which has benefited some 800,000 individuals. Former Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, now president of the University of California system, also joined with the plaintiffs.Plaintiffs, suspecting that the government was hiding DACA records, argued that the administration would have produced a greater body of work before cancelling such a sprawling, consequential program.In an extraordinary move, Alsup filed their own brief at the high court, arguing Solicitor General Noel Francisco, the government's Supreme Court lawyer, misrepresented the scope of their order. The Daily Caller News Foundation was unable to determine when a trial court judge had last filed a brief in the Supreme Court concerning their own ruling.The Court nonetheless sided with the administration, but did not explain its reasons for doing so.In dissent, Breyer argued that courts cannot effectively supervise federal agency action without reviewing all relevant materials."[J]udicial review cannot function if the agency is permitted to decide unilaterally what documents it submits to the reviewing court as the administrative record," Breyer wrote. "Effective review depends upon the administrative record containing all relevant materials presented to the agency, including not only materials supportive of the government's decision but also materials contrary to the government's decision."Breyer also noted it is highly unusual for the Court to rule on a matter involving discovery or document production. The case will now return to federal court in San Francisco for further proceedings.
Sudan's Catholic leaders are hopeful the country's almost five-year civil war is at an end.
A ceasefire has been declared by South Sudan officials and rebel leaders.
While Bishop Barani Hiiboro, president of the Sudan and South Sudan Catholic Bishop's Conference, welcomed the ceasefire they say:
“if it is to mean anything for the suffering people of South Sudan, then our leadership must face the task of rebuilding our broken pieces. Read more
News category: News Shorts, World.
Some Bedford County families are irate after the Bedford County School Board refused to allow them to speak at a meeting Wednesday night. The families are upset over possible reassignment of staff, and the school board isn't having it, citing personnel matters.
Wednesday's meeting was a specially called meeting to meet in closed session with the school's lawyer regarding personnel matters and no public comment was on the agenda, but one school board member did try to hear them out. The large crowd attempted to speak during the procedural open part of the meeting before the board voted to go into closed session.
The crowd of more than 100 people marched to the meeting Wednesday night. They're upset over the suspected reassignment of two beloved figures, Liberty High School Principal Kathy Dills and Bedford County Schools Deputy Superintendent Cherie Whitehurst.
Bedford County Schools said in a statement Wednesday that leadership at Liberty High School would not change, except for moving an assistant principal. But Wednesday night's crowd wasn't buying that statement, and they wanted to talk about it.
"You have to let people speak, you have to let people voice their opinions in order to get a little bit of the bigger picture," Liberty High School graduating senior Zachery Key said.
"This was not our normal school board meeting, nor was it a meeting where we had public comment time," Bedford County School Board Chairwoman Julie Bennington said. "We were only going back there to meet with our lawyer as it said when we went into closed session."
However, a motion was made by Martin Leamy to amend the agenda, adding a 30-minute public comment session, which Bennington squashed. When then asked to vote on approving the agenda as originally planned for only the closed meeting, both Leamy and Susan Kirby voted no, to applause of the crowd.
"We've heard from them, I've gotten all their emails and stuff and phone calls, but we just don't comment on personnel issues," Bennington said. "We never have and we never will."
Those in the crowd were upset by the decision.
"If you could at least answer us why, maybe we wouldn't be so livid, maybe we wouldn't be here sitting in your meeting where you are scared to answer us," Liberty High School rising senior Danny Johnson said.
"It's very disappointing, but that's bureaucracy," Key said. "I mean, that's just local government at work."
Those upset with the school division see this move as fanning the flames and are concerned with about what may happen next.
Students and parents say since they couldn't be heard Wednesday night, they plan to show up again when they can speak at an on-the-agenda public comment session. The next regular school board meeting, which provides that opportunity, is in mid-June.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
US President Donald Trump said it would be better to pay more attention to increasing wages and number of jobs in the United States instead of the alleged "collusion with Russia," which had not been proved.
"Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages —and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!" Trump wrote on Twitter.
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 4 февраля 2018 г.
On Saturday, the US president called an investigation into their campaign's alleged ties with Russia "an American disgrace."
The US Congress is currently investigating Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 US election and collusion between Trump's campaign team and the Kremlin.
Another investigation into the purported interference is being conducted by the FBI and the Department of Justice under Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
Tampa Bay lost, 19-14, to New England on Thursday to fall to 2-2, but after finishing with a winning record last season, expectations haven't diminished; in fact, they've grown.
“Oh, I think they're sky-high,” Buccaneers sideline reporter and pre- and postgame host TJ Rives said on CBS Sports Radio's After Hours with Amy Lawrence. “I think everybody believes this team can be a 10- or an 11-win team (and) contend (with Atlanta) to win an NFC South title. Carolina is also 3-1. The expectations are you're going to be able to play with those teams in these division games and have a chance at the playoffs and take the next step.
“Every year is different,” Rives said, “but this team started 1-3 a year ago and was banged up the same way with injuries and put it together in October and November and won five games in a row to get in the playoff picture late in the year before missing out at 9-7. To get this 2-2 start, you want to win all your games. Everybody does. They didn't win tonight, but the season has still got 12 games left and it's conceivable the Bucs can be a 10- or 11-win team. They're that talented. Let's see if they take that next step and become a playoff team.”
The Bucs have alternated wins and losses this season. They beat the Bears, lost to the Vikings, beat the Giants, and lost to the Patriots. They play each of their next two games on the road: at Arizona (2-2) and at Buffalo (3-1).
New England (3-2), meanwhile, will face the Jets (2-2) in East Rutherford on Oct. 15 in what could be a pivotal AFC East matchup.
“You got to give New England a lot of credit,” Rives said. “Their defense has been awful, they lost at home on Sunday, they had to get on an airplane on Wednesday, and they did what they had to do tonight. Their defense was better. Brady was good enough – another 300-yard passing game. You tip your hat to the Patriots. That's the reason why Brady and Belichick will go into the Hall of Fame together. They may have their own wing in Canton before it's over with all they've accomplished.”
New Delhi: Well, it seems like the year 2017 is going to be a great one for ace comedian Kapil Sharma. You will be amazed to know that the 35-year-old star is coming up with two new shows. Yes, you read that right.
The 'Kis Kisko Pyaar Karoon' actor on Saturday took to Twitter to make this special announcement. "First news of the year.. k9 is producing two comedy shows ... hope u will like .. stay happy," they posted online.
We are definitely excited about the new doses of entertainment now. However, not much has been revealed yet regarding the same.
Even 2016 turned out to be a marvellous year for Kapil. Their television program 'The Kapil Sharma Show' has been topping the charts time and again.
First news of the year.. k9 is producing two comedy shows ... hope u will like .. stay happy .. — KAPIL (@KapilSharmaK9) 31 December 2016
On the cinema front, Kapil is currently working on their upcoming Bollywood project. If reports are to be kept in mind, they are undergoing a tremendous physical transformation for the movie. It is believed that the shoot of the film has already begun.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When train operator Thameslink dared to compare its poor service to Poundland chocolate it got more than it bargained for.
More than 450 Govia Thameslink trains were delayed or cancelled this week, prompting passengers to take to social media to complain.
The spat with Poundland began when Thameslink responded to a passenger called 'Kevin' who tweeted a picture of a departure board showing cancellations with the line: "Why, Ambassador with this fine service you are really spoiling us."
In reply Thameslink said: "Very sorry Kevin. Appreciate at the moment the service is less Ferrero Rocher and more Poundland cooking chocolate."
The discount store is now threatening Govia Thameslink Railway (GTR) with legal action after its retail director Austin Cooke said it had "no right to use our name to describe poor service".
(Image: www.peteralvey.com)
When illustrating why the comparison was so unfair, Poundland even name checked a Cambridge News story about how it had claimed services were cancelled due to a dog on the line.
Poundland tweeted Charles Horton, the chief executive of Govia Thameslink Railway, noting Poundland served eight million shoppers a week and has a "pretty good idea about what great customer service is".
Mr Cooke added: "But if we ever fall short, perhaps we'll describe ourselves as a bit ThamesLink.
"If you don't want to hear from our extremely twitchy legal team, we suggest you remove your tweet."
GTR apologised to Mr Cooke and deleted the offending tweet.
The company also issued an apology to passengers, saying it is "working on a recovery plan with rail industry partners."
'An insult to poundshops'
Many who observed the spat sided with the discount store.
Shopper Megan replied:
And this is ONE of the many reasons I bloody love Poundland! — Megan (@megsnhog) 30 May 2018
Duncan Ransom asked if Poundland would consider running the country.
I vote for Poundland Twitter team for Prime minister and transport secretary, alongside various other positions within government...
You guys know where you stand, and I like it, a lot!
Fancy running a rail franchise whilst you're at it? Please? — Duncan Ransom (@DuncanRansom) 30 May 2018
Phil Rogers called the slur "an insult to poundshops".
well played @Poundland - ridiculous of Govia to insult other brands, when they're gloriously penny pinching, and providing an embarrassing service - they can't even be described as a 'pound shop operator' as that's an insult to pound shops — Phil Rogers (@philmonkey) 30 May 2018
Customer Mark Read added: "Not all heroes wear capes but if they did, they could no doubt buy them for a quid in Poundland."
User Charlotte Halkett gave the discount store one of the highest compliments for our age by saying "they won the internet".
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — The expansion of the ICU facility at Hutchinson Regional Medical Center has exposed a need for changes in city parking regulations that the City Council will consider changing during Tuesday's meeting.
Because of the parking requirements in city code, the Hospital will be out of compliance once the ICU unit is finished. The number of stalls needed under city code is far greater than most other cities require. That's because the city bases the number of parking spaces at the hospital on the size of the building rather than the number of beds and employees.
Under the proposal, the city would change the Hospital parking requirements to the number of beds and employees, similar to other cities including Wichita. This would bring the hospital to within compliance.
Also Tuesday, the Council will consider a contract with CDM Smith for monitoring the 4th and Carey water contamination site at a cost of $114,119 and get a full report on the Sports Arena project from City Manager John Deardoff.
Tuesday's Hutchinson City Council meeting begins at 9 a.m. at the city offices.
CLARKESVILLE, Ga. (AP) — Authorities say a sheriff's deputy shot and killed a carjacking suspect during a traffic stop in Georgia.
Habersham County Sheriff's Office spokesperson Mike Wurtz tells local news outlets that a deputy pulled over a silver Ford Explorer on Sunday afternoon that matched the description of a vehicle that had been carjacked in White County. They say that during the stop the driver, 24-year-old Christopher Collins, failed to show their hands when the deputy asked them repeatedly.
Wurtz says Collins exited the vehicle and the deputy shot him.
Collins was pronounced dead at the scene. No officers were injured.
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation is investigating the shooting.
A department at Warwick Hospital have received a new piece of equipment from a grateful former patient.
The physiotherapy department at the hospital has received a generous gift of a new leg press machine from Alan Johnson.
Mr Johnson received treatment with the pulmonary rehabilitation service in physiotherapy at Warwick Hospital earlier this year.
The pulmonary rehabilitation course helps people manage their lung conditions by increasing their overall fitness.
Mr Johnson heard that the team needed the new piece of equipment and went on to ask their Masonic Lodge whether they would consider gathering enough funds needed for the leg press.
Upon receiving the leg press, physiotherapist Elizabeth Sullivan said: “This leg press will enable patients to exercise their legs as a way of regaining and maintaining strength and function.
“It is great that our patients are so generous and helping us to provide the best care.”
Musculoskeletal physiotherapist Paul Saunders added: “The leg press machine is a great machine to both assess and treat patients with a variety of hip, knee and ankle injuries.
“This means that we will be using it on a daily basis with patients who attend Warwick Hospital physiotherapy department.”
Following Mr Johnson's request, £250 was donated from Jephson Lodge, £200 from the Round Table and £1,350 from Warwickshire Masonic Charitable Association.
The former patient and their wife Hilary also donated £200, which helped to make up the £2,000 total needed to buy the new leg press.
Mr Johnson said: “We are very pleased that together with Jephson Lodge, the Lodge of the Round Table and the Warwickshire Masonic Charitable Association, we have been able to help in acquiring this equipment and hope that it will help treat many physiotherapy patients in the years to come.”
A plaque has also been put on the new equipment. It reads ”Provided by the kind generosity of Warwickshire Freemasons”.
Those wishing to learn more about fundraising for the South Warwickshire NHS Foundation Trust should contact the Trusr on 01926 495321 ext. 8049 or email charity@swft.nhs.uk.
By on
“Giving people who have opposing views the right to exchange their opinions ‘without risk of retribution' is part of what has made this nation great”
A safe, open forum
I appreciated Rebecca T. Miller's words about “defending a culture that celebrates and benefits from the robust discourse possible only when information and ideas can be shared openly” (“A Unified Voice”). Yes, I agree that the past several years have limited, on several issues, diverse viewpoints, even silencing many. Take for example the issue of same-sex marriage. A greater majority of states had voted against it, leaving one to deduce that millions of Americans did not support it. Yet these very Americans—representing both genders, many races, and a wide diversity of religious beliefs—have not been granted a voice for their views. Any attempt to express them has been met with name-calling and ­censorship.
When I entered the library world, I was taught that librarians are about information, not about taking sides. Libraries are a wonderful place where thinkers and writers from both sides [of a question] can be given opportunity for “robust discourse” without shaming and labeling. As Miller says, “our work to protect freedom of inquiry and expression is never done,” and giving people who have opposing views the right to exchange their opinions “without risk of retribution” is part of what has made this nation great.
As the magazine generally presents one perspective, I look forward to seeing other viewpoints on a variety of issues expressed and libraries across the country offering a safe, open forum for free exchange of ideas. Thank you for being so broad-minded.
—Name withheld
Library drones
I just finished reading “10 Ways Drones Are Changing Your World” in Consumer Reports (Jan. 2017). It is only recently that I have shifted my view of drones as irritating toys or cartoon-ish Jetsons futurist dreams to universal practical tools. Seeing on news reports, in agriculture, and photography what they can do has opened my eyes. Drones will be used everywhere within ten years, and people won't look and point when they see one on the job, taking care of business….
One particular line in the article caught my eye: “Walmart is examining ways to deploy drones inside its warehouses to photograph and catalog inventory.” This got me thinking about how libraries will take advantage of drones in the future. Could large institutions use them to inventory/shelf-read their collections after hours when users wouldn't be ­bothered? Will there be drones so quiet and unobtrusive that they could provide security inside of a large university library? Drones will definitely be used by campus security to help patrol the many isolated locations on campus to protect the university community.
Another quote from the article, “Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos said about 86 percent of the orders the online retailer ships weigh less than five pounds. That's lightweight enough to be delivered by drone. Amazon is now testing autonomous aircraft that can drop a book or pair of shoes at your home within 30 minutes of receiving the order.” Wow! What if public libraries could deliver books, CDs, DVDs, etc., to shut-in users in such a manner? Or move items from branch to branch quickly and efficiently? I urge librarians to read this article and begin to dream of the ways that drones will change libraries.
—Jeff Siddons, Libn., St. Petersburg P.L., FL
Thanks for LJ help
It isn't often that a supplement to a periodical moves me to write a thank-you note, but I found as I was reading the Reference Supplement 2017 that you had saved me so much time that I could take a moment to send a thank-you. What a great job! The supplement…included titles from all subject areas and all price ranges, meaning my medium-sized library could keep its collection up-to-date within budget. Just another reminder of…how essential [LJ] is to my work.
—Michele Raine, Asst. Dir., Wood Cty. Dist. P.L., Bowling Green, OH
No help wanted
Thanks, Steven Bell (“Librarians Are Not Worth Waiting For”)…. I don't understand why many students (and some faculty members) don't value reference assistance. Most librarians want students to excel and succeed in their studies!
—Jane Reiter, Research & Instruction Libn., Davenport Univ., Lansing, MI
CORRECTION
Benjamin Ludwig's The Original Ginny Moon (LJ 3/15/17, p. 110) was published by Harlequin's new literary imprint Park Row and is not one of the publisher's Mira titles. LJ regrets the error.
© Ruptly
Hundreds took to the streets, according to RT's Ruptly video news agency, shouting anti-American and anti-NATO slogans. Protesters carried banners in both English and local languages, reading "Yankees go home."The demonstration, in which both male and female protestors took part, was organized by the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan.a member of the Solidarity Party told Ruptly, adding that "every day we witness them (US and NATO) bombing our cities and thousands of innocent people are killed."Our people gather here and we want justice. We want all the US and NATO occupiers to leave Afghanistan as soon as possible and leave the country to the Afghan people to decide what they want," they said."No occupied country has reached freedom and democracy. It's only the power of people that can bring democracy, peace and freedom to our country."The leftist Solidarity Party of Afghanistan is fighting for women's rights, secularism, and the expulsion of the US and NATO from the country.US troops invaded Afghanistan on October 7, 2011 with the aim of fighting terrorism, following the 9/11 attacks. The 16-year stay in the country became the longest war in US history, in which over 2,400 American troops have lost their lives, according to official figures.However, according to the UN, it's the Afghan civilians who have been paying the highest price for the conflict, during which thousands have died.UNAMA also noted an increase in civilian casualties, especially among women and children, from US and Afghan airstrikes, saying that it documented 95 civilian deaths and 137 injuries in such operations.During their visit to Kabul in September, US Defense Secretary James Mattis announced a boost of almost 4,000 more soldiers to the American military contingent, which would bring the total number of NATO troop in Afghanistan to over 17,000.The US says its presence in the country is necessary in order to train the Afghan forces to effectively counter Taliban militants.
None
Hodgson's Daniel Brown (27) dives back to first base just in time before St. Mark's Eric Ludman (23) can pick them off during their DIAA quarterfinal Wednesday night. St. Mark's defeated Hodgson 4-1. Jerry Habraken, The News Journal
OTTAWA - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has named a Nova Scotia judge as the province's new lieutenant-governor.
Arthur LeBlanc, who has been a judge of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia since 1998, replaces John James Grant in the vice-regal job.
Lieutenant-governors represent the Queen in their respective provinces, handling their roles and functions, including granting royal assent to laws.
Leblanc was born in West Arichat, N.S. in 1943, graduated from St. Francis Xavier University in 1964 with a commerce degree and earned a law degree from Dalhousie University in 1968.
They practised law in the province for 30 years before being named to the bench.
 They are married to Rosemarie Patricia (Patsy) LeBlanc and they have three sons and six grandchildren.
The prime minister said LeBlanc is well respected for their legal work, as well as their contributions to and volunteer organizations.
"He is an excellent choice as Nova Scotia's next lieutenant-governor and I have no doubt that they will make many important contributions to the future of their province," Trudeau said in a statement.
"
THE countdown to the 2018 FIFA World Cup is well and truly underway.
And to add to the excitement, EA Sports have released their special FIFA 18 World Cup edition player cards.
The player cards include 21 of the 26-man Caltex Socceroos as part of the AFC confederation.
Camera Icon Tim Cahill and Daniel Arzani have a laugh during a Socceroos training session. Picture: Getty Images
Here's the list of Socceroos players and their World Cup card ratings:
Aaron Mooy - 76
Mat Ryan - 76
Tom Rogic - 74
Aziz Behich - 73
Mathew Leckie - 73
Mark Milligan - 72
Mile Jedinak - 72
Robbie Kruse - 72
Trent Sainsbury - 72
Massimo Luongo - 72
James Troisi - 70
Tim Cahill - 70
Jackson Irvine - 70
Tomi Juric - 69
Josh Risdon - 69
Milos Degenek - 69
Matthew Jurman - 69
Danny Vukovic - 69
Jamie Maclaren - 69
James Meredith - 69
Nikita Rukavytsya - 66
Camera Icon Tim Cahill stretches during a Caltex Socceroos training session. Picture: News Corp Australia
Both Mat Ryan and Aaron Mooy were handed the highest ratings for the Socceroos with a 76.
Tom Rogic came in behind them with a rating of 74, with an impressive 77 for their dribbling ability.
Bundesliga-based winger Mathew Leckie is the next best of the Socceroos, given a rating of 73 and an impressive 93 for their pace.
They sit just above skipper Mile Jedinak, midfielder Massimo Luongo and defender Trent Sainsbury who were all handed a 72.
Tim Cahill was handed a rating of 70 going into their fourth World Cup.
The Qt Company had been working on performance improvements for 64-bit ARM (AArch64) as part of the Qt 5.9 LTS cycle and continuing through with the ongoing long-term support point releases, and that work is paying off.Qt's Tuukka Turunen has shared today that as of the recently released Qt 5.9.5 that came earlier this month, on 64-bit ARMv8 the Qt Quick performance has improved by 2x compared to the older Qt 5.6.3 LTS release. Even more profound, the JavaScript performance is 18x faster with Qt 5.9.5 over that same older LTS branch.These Qt Quick performance tests were done on AArch64 hardware running embedded Linux with QML Bench and V8 Bench.Making things more exciting, the upcoming Qt 5.11 (non-LTS) is about 20% faster already than the Qt 5.9 branch. Qt 5.11 should be released at the end of May. Qt 5.12 meanwhile will be the next LTS branch due out late in 2018 and will likely contain even more performance optimizations.More details on this Qt performance tuning work for embedded devices can be found via the Qt.io blog
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — If convicted on all 20 counts they could spend the rest of their life in a federal penitentiary.
Martin was indicted by a jury last week in what officials allege is the biggest theft of classified information in US history.
The authorities arrested martin in August 2016 at their home after federal agents discovered a number of confidential materials saved on their personal devices.
According to investigators, Martin stole approximately 50 terabytes of data while being employed by the NSA and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
Martin held security clearances up to Top Secret and Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) at various times, and worked on a number of classified, specialized federal projects.
BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) - New trails, fishing sites and other recreational features will be built along Montana's Yellowstone River as compensation for damage from an Exxon Mobil Corp. pipeline spill, under a plan approved Wednesday by the governor.
The 63,000 gallon (238,474 liter) oil spill in 2011 near Laurel damaged thousands of acres along an 85-mile stretch of the famous waterway and required a months-long cleanup.
Exxon in 2016 agreed to pay $12 million for environmental damage, including about $2.3 million for lost recreational opportunities.
The recreation plan includes 19 projects in Laurel and Billings, which is located just downstream of the spill site and is Montana's largest city.
Gov. Steve Bullock says the projects due to receive money will improve public access to a river that plays a major role in Montana's $7 billion outdoor recreation economy.
"I don't want to look backward at some of the frustrations we had seven years ago but can certainly look forward to what we've got next," Bullock said. "These are legacy projects, projects that will make a difference long after we're around."
Montana Attorney General Tim Fox, whose office helped negotiate the settlement with Exxon, said the recreation plan was the work of local officials and residents intent on restoring the river to its natural state.
Exxon reported spending an estimated $135 million on cleanup and repair work following the spill. The company has also paid $2.6 million to resolve federal safety and state pollution violations.
The accident occurred on a pipeline installed just a few feet beneath the riverbed, sparking a national discussion over the adequacy of safety rules for thousands of pipelines crossing beneath waterways.
In the years since the Yellowstone spill and at the urging of safety regulators, oil and pipeline companies, including Exxon, have re-installed some lines at greater depths to reduce the risk of accidents.
There still are no regulatory mandates for lines to be deeply buried. In 2015, another shallow pipeline broke and spilled 30,000 gallons (113,559 liters) further downstream along the Yellowstone near the town of Glendive.
Russia exile, Valery Morozov, says he's received threats since the nerve agent attack against Sergei Skripal in the UK.
Actor Neil Nitin Mukesh, who marks their debut in Telugu film with Prabhas-starrer Saaho, says the shooting was a great experience for him.
Neil on Friday took to Twitter and said that they are jetting off to London where they are shooting for Firrkie.
“Back to London. Hyderabad was beautiful as always. And shooting for ‘Saaho‘ was simply amazing. Looking forward to doing the team soon,” Neil tweeted.
Back to London. Hyderabad was beautiful as always. And shooting for #Saaho was simply amazing. Looking forward to doing the team soon — Neil Nitin Mukesh (@NeilNMukesh) October 6, 2017
Neil, who will reportedly be seen playing a villain in “Saaho”, also praised their co-stars Prabhas and actor Shraddha Kapoor, who is also making their Telugu debut.
Trending :
“Prabhas is truly a darling and Shraddha Kapoor you are amazing. Looking forward to seeing you soon on the sets. God Bless,” they added.
#Prabhas is truly a Darling and @ShraddhaKapoor you are amazing. Looking forward to seeing you soon on the sets. God Bless. 😊🤗 — Neil Nitin Mukesh (@NeilNMukesh) October 6, 2017
Saaho is being shot simultaneously in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu. It will showcase high-octane action sequences for which the makers are leaving no stone unturned.
The film also stars Jackie Shroff, Mandira Bedi and Arun Vijay among others. It is being produced by Vamsi, Pramod and Vikram of UV Creations.
Saaho is being produced by Vamsi, Pramod, and Vikram of UV Creations. The high octane trilingual will release in 2018. Music by the awesome trio of Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy and lyrics by the very talented Amitabh Bhattacharya are sure to jazz up our playlists. You can expect the director of photography Madhie and production designer Sabu Cyril to do a spectacular job with the film. The movie will showcase high-octane action sequences for which the makers have roped in a world acclaimed action choreographer.
St Joseph 9-5-7-15 36
Pomperaug 12-15-23-8 58
St Joseph: Veronica Lubas 0 3-3 3, Elizabeth Adzima 0 1-2 1, Kathryn Zito 1 3-4 5, Kaitlin Capobianco 1 0-0 2, Tessie Hynes 2 1-3 6, Sarah Johnson 0 1-2 1, MacKenna Hedman 0 0-0 0, Rahmia Johnston 2 0-0 4, Becca Kery 2 0-0 4, Allison Krakowska 0 0-0 0, Elena Ball 3 1-3 8, Maddie Johnson 1 0-2 2, Emma Elrod 0 0-2 0. Totals 12 10-21 36
Pomperaug: Kelly Powers 1 0-0 2, Lindsey Ouellette 1 0-0 3, Karli Opalka 8 0-2 16, Molly Flanagan 0 0-0 0, Megan Todhunter 2 1-4 6, Claudine Legato 2 3-4 9, Allison McCormick 2 1-2 5, Maggie Lee 2 1-2 5, Maddie Villa 5 2-3 12. Totals 23 8-17 56
3 pt FG – St Joseph – Tessie Hynes – 1, Elena Ball -1; Pomperaug – Legato – 2, Oulette – 1, Todhunter – 1
Highlights – SJ – Elena Ball had 10 rebounds and 3 blocks. Kaitlin Capobianco had 5 steals and 4 assists. Pomperaug – Karli Opalka scored their thousandth point.
FILE - In this Jan. 24, 2018 file photo, Liu He, member of the Political Bureau of CPC Central Committee, listens during the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Chinaâ€™s next economy czar is a Harvard-trained supporter of free markets who is President Xi Jinpingâ€™s top adviser. But they have no experience fighting the bureaucratic battles the post can require. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber, File)
FILE - In this Jan. 24, 2018 file photo, Liu He, member of the Political Bureau of CPC Central Committee, listens during the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Chinaâ€™s next economy czar is a Harvard-trained supporter of free markets who is President Xi Jinpingâ€™s top adviser. But they have no experience fighting the bureaucratic battles the post can require. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber, File)
BEIJING (AP) - China's next economy czar is a Harvard-trained supporter of free markets who is President Xi Jinping's top adviser but has no experience fighting the bureaucratic battles the post can require.
Liu He's rise comes as the ruling Communist Party faces mounting pressure to make its cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. That will require politically fraught changes to open industries wider to private and foreign competition.
On Monday, the 66-year-old Liu was named one of four vice premiers by China's ceremonial legislature. No details of their duties were immediately announced but they are widely expected to have broad economic powers.
As a vice premier, Liu would answer to Premier Li Keqiang, whose post traditionally is top economic official. But Xi, China's most dominant figure since the 1980s, has stripped Li of many of their job's most prominent duties by appointing themselves head of the ruling Communist Party's body overseeing economic reform.
Dubbed China's "economic mastermind" by Hong Kong newspapers, the silver-haired Liu is making a late-career change to a politically challenging role carrying out plans after two decades designing them.  They are close to Xi, China's most dominant figure since the 1970s, but unlike previous reformers-in-chief has no background in industry or as a mayor or provincial governor.
"He might be able to design the right policy. However, getting people to implement it, especially at the local level, might be a challenge," said Hongyi Lai, a specialist in Chinese politics at Britain's University of Nottingham, ahead of Monday's announcement.
"If someone is disobedient, they may draw on Xi's power to push through the policy," said Lai. "But I would say that cannot be used on a daily basis."
A member of the party's 25-member Politburo, Liu already is in charge of a Cabinet agency created in November to oversee financial reform, monetary and industrial policy and regulatory changes.
Liu made their debut on the global stage with a speech in January at the World Economic Forum in Switzerland on a program that included U.S. President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
People who have met them say Liu is fluent in colloquial English and talks candidly about the need to change state-owned industry, as well as the resistance that might face. They have told foreign businesspeople they favor free markets and disagrees with plans for state-led development of industries from electric cars to robots to biotech.
"There is a sense of urgency among Xi's people, including Liu He, that reforms have lagged behind," said Dali Yang, a University of Chicago political scientist.
Reform advocates are hoping that after spending their first five years in office amassing power, Xi will accelerate what they complain has been sluggish action on carrying out an ambitious agenda announced by the party in 2013. It called for giving markets the "decisive role" and opening industries wider to private business.
Xi has sent mixed signals by affirming plans to build up state companies that dominate fields from energy to banking to telecoms.
Foreign companies complain that even when Beijing promises to open finance and other industries, it fails to follow through or imposes unappealing conditions such as ownership limits or a requirement to hand over technology.
"Companies are getting very tired of promises," said Jake Parker, vice president for China operations of the U.S.-China Business Council. "They want to see action."
Previous top economic officials had more bureaucratic experience.
Former Premier Zhu Rongji, who openly feuded with state company bosses and local officials during a painful industry overhaul in 1998-2003, was a former mayor and party secretary of Shanghai. Wu Yi had a career in the state-owned oil industry before they helped negotiate China's entry into the World Trade Organization and ran finance policy as a vice premier in 2003-08.
Liu's experience is in the halls of power in Beijing, an asset at a time when Xi has gathered decision-making powers to the party center.
Liu has been part of the policymaking inner circle since the 1990s, helping to craft the party's five-year development plans. They were named a vice minister of the party's economic leading group in 2003 under Xi's predecessor, Hu Jintao, and is a vice chairperson of the Cabinet's planning agency.
Liu was among millions of urban young people who were sent to the countryside during the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution, the ultra-radical upheaval launched by then-leader Mao Zedong.
In 1972, Liu joined the party's military wing, the People's Liberation Army, where they served in an anti-aircraft regiment, according to the official Xinhua News Agency. They earned a master's degree in economics from the party's Renmin University and a second in public administration in 1995 from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government.
In 2014, Liu was awarded China's top economics prize for a research paper that compared the causes and outcomes of the 1930s depression and the 2008 financial crisis.
Among its conclusions: "Seek the widest intersection between Chinese and global interests."
Another calls for avoiding conflict abroad - a position at odds with Xi's ambitions for global influence and confrontational stance toward Japan, South Korea and Vietnam over territorial disputes.
"We should always warn ourselves not to be easily embroiled in international conflicts," Liu wrote. "Instead, we should focus on really important matters to substantially improve our domestic conditions."
Even as a vice premier, Liu still would be carrying out plans made by the party leadership as a whole.
"You have to respect the fact that state-owned enterprises continue to be significant assets for the political system," said Yang. "He needs to be fairly careful."
___
AP Writer Gerry Shih contributed.
When the American Society of Animal Science presents awards at its July 9 annual meeting in Baltimore, those in attendance can expect to hear the University of Nebraska-Lincoln's name announced frequently.
Five Nebraska faculty and administrators have earned national ASAS awards – including Chancellor Ronnie Green, who has been selected to receive the national association's highest and most prestigious honor.
ASAS is the leading international scientific society supporting the careers of scientists and animal producers around the world. It fosters the discovery, sharing and application of scientific knowledge concerning the responsible use of animals to enhance human life and well-being and is the publisher of the world-leading Journal of Animal Science. Founded in 1908, ASAS has more than 6,000 members around the globe.
Green, an animal geneticist who became the university's top administrator in 2016, will be honored with the Morrison Award. The honor is bestowed to an individual who has excelled in research of direct and international importance to livestock production. The association awards the Morrison Award to recognize important scientific contributions or discoveries in research revolving around animal science.
Green, who is widely published in the field of animal genetics, is an ASAS fellow and served the organization as president in 2010-11.
“I am truly humbled to be receiving this honor from the American Society of Animal Science, a society of tremendous minds throughout the world working for the advancement of animal science across disciplines,” Green said. “I will cherish this award and receive it on behalf of many colleagues, students and livestock producers who have been a part of this journey.”
Each of the ASAS awards honor research excellence and are recognized by the National Research Council as prestigious. Other 2017 award winners at Nebraska are:
-Archie Clutter, dean of the Agricultural Research Division, will receive the Rockefeller Prentice Memorial Award in Animal Breeding and Genetics. The award recognizes research excellence in breeding and genetics with any class of large or small animals.
-Andrea Cupp, Omtvedt professor of animal science, will receive the Animal Physiology and Endocrinology Award. The research upon which the award is based is basic or applied research in physiology and endocrinology with all classes of large and small animals and published in the 10 years immediately preceding the award.
– Rick Funston, Nebraska Cow-Calf professor in animal science, will receive the Animal Management Award. The research upon which the award is based is basic or applied research in animal behavior, environmental science, economics or other biological or production management and published in the last 10 years immediately preceding the award.
-Lisa Karr, associate professor of animal science, will receive the Corbin Companion Animal Biology Award. The award is presented to animal scientists who have made great scientific contributions by teaching, research or service to companion animal nutrition or biology for a minimum of five years.
Deb Hamernik, Nebraska's interim associate vice chancellor for research, is the association's current president and will present the awards.
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man from Cambridge was left puzzled after discovered two guns buried in their back garden yesterday (December 10).
The handgun and air pistol were found wrapped in plastic and buried in the ground of a home on Chartfield Road, Cherry Hinton.
The homeowner then decided to contact Cambridgeshire police, who visited the address to safely dispose of the items.
It is not yet known how they ended up there.
A Cambridgeshire police spokesperson said: "We were called at about 8.45pm yesterday (Sunday, 10 December) by a member of the public who had found two firearms in their garden in Chartfield Road, Cambridge.
"The firearms retrieved were an air pistol and an unknown handgun.
"They were collected by firearms officers and have been booked into the armoury at force headquarters."
If you have any more information about this incident contact police on 101.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Top scorers of the English premier league on Saturday 2 Sam Vokes (Burnley) Steve Mounie (Huddersfield Town) Jamie Vardy (Leicester City) 1 Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) Alexandre Lacazette (Arsenal) Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) Stephen Ward (Burnley) David Luiz (Chelsea) Alvaro Morata (Chelsea) Wayne Rooney (Everton) Shinji Okazaki (Leicester City) Roberto Firmino (Liverpool) Sadio Mane (Liverpool) Mohamed Salah (Liverpool) Sergio Aguero (Manchester City) Miguel Britos (Watford) Abdoulaye Doucoure (Watford) Stefano Okaka Chuka (Watford) Ahmed Hegazy (West Bromwich Albion)
After Samsung was reported to do away with its home button on the upcoming Galaxy S8, now it looks like Apple is ready to remove the home button from its upcoming smartphones.
Why do we say this? It's because according to a recent report Apple has been granted a patent for an "interactive display panel with IR diodes". What this means is that Apple's new smartphones could have a virtual home button instead of a physical one placed within the touchscreen.
SEE ALSO: Apple iPhone 8 to render better battery life akin to iPhone 7 Plus
The patent filing by Apple which detailed a touch display that incorporates micro-LED sensing technology instead of the ubiquitous active matrix hardware as seen on most mobile devices was made public on Tuesday by the US Patent and Trade Office. It was first spotted by AppleInsider.
However, this new report interestingly supports the rumors that we have have been hearing about radical hardware changes expected on the next-generation iPhone which many are calling the iPhone 8. Likewise, Apple looks set to bring in some advanced system for its new flagship.
SEE ALSO: Upcoming Apple iPhone to feature a complete redesign with OLED display, wireless charging, and more
That being said, the elimination of a physical home button on theiPhone 8 now only adds to the rumored changes that we have heard earlier. It has been said that the iPhone 8 could feature a glass and steel body with a curved edge display, wireless charging and even an iris scanner that could be used to unlock the device.
Researchers in Norway, Switzerland, and the United States have identified age-related differences in breast tissue that contribute to older women's increased risk of developing breast cancer. The findings, published April 24 in the journal Cell Reports, may help scientists better understand how breast cells change during the aging process, enabling doctors to catch the signs of cancer earlier.
Previous studies have shown that, as women age, the composition of their breast tissue changes. Multipotent progenitors--cells with the ability to develop into more than one type of cell--build up in the body. These findings strengthen suspicions that the influx of progenitor cells can lead to cancer.
"We hypothesized that accumulation of those progenitors is one of the mechanisms that underlies increased susceptibility to breast cancer with age," says Mark LaBarge, a professor of population sciences at City of Hope. "We saw a glimpse of this in past data, but this is the first study to identify these age-related differences at such high resolution."
The international team led by James Lorens, a professor of biomedicine at University of Bergen, looked at cells from 56 women and found that, as the age of the subject increases and multipotent progenitor cells accumulate in the epithelial layer of breast tissue, they develop into defective luminal (inner epithelial) cells. These defective luminal cells look more like the myoepithelial (outer) cells, giving the entire luminal layer a less consistent appearance. Meanwhile, the proportion of myoepithelial cells--which suppress tumors--diminishes.
"We were able to show that the age-related luminal cells were derived from defective luminal progenitors that also accumulate with age," Lorens says. "This study gave us a much deeper picture of the changes that happen with age and displayed the impressive heterogeneity that comprises the mammary epithelium." The team was also able to identify a protein signature that emerges in aging breast cells--a finding that they believe may be directly related to older women's increased susceptibility to breast cancer.
Changes in the appearance of aging cells--and the health threats those changes can pose--are not unique to breast tissue. Researchers have found similar age-related differences with cells in the bone marrow and brain. "Accumulation of stem/progenitor cells with skewed differentiation and function may be a hallmark of aging in a number of tissues," says first author Fanny Pelissier Vatter.
The researchers analyzed data from the cell samples by using algorithms to create a virtual map of epithelial cell phenotypes, with more similar-looking cells grouped more closely together. These visual groupings allowed the team to identify minute changes in breast tissues of different ages and suggested how cells that look different might be related. They were also able to assign women to their correct age group using algorithms based on the types of epithelial cells present in their tissue--a demonstration of just how strongly these cellular differences correlate with age. The exception was a small cell sample from a group of young women carrying the BRCA1 gene, which puts them at an unusually high risk of developing breast cancer. Their cells more closely resembled those of the older women.
The researchers believe they can help doctors prevent cancer by providing them with a better understanding of how breast tissue and its surrounding microenvironment are altered as women grow older. "Mapping the changing cellular phenotypes during aging, and connecting these to early cancer phenotypes, could identify potential points of intervention," says Lorens.
###
Cell Reports, Pelissier Vatter et al. "High-Dimensional Phenotyping Identifies Age-Emergent Cells in Human Mammary Epithelia." http://www.cell.com/cell-reports/fulltext/S2211-1247(18)30490-X
I wrote here about the Obama administration's “guidance” threatening litigation against school districts that failed to enforce quotas in school discipline, and the baleful effects that policy is still having across the country. A variation on the theme comes from a case called Kenny v. Wilson, decided just a few days ago by a panel of the 4th Circuit. The case was brought by the ACLU, which alleged that South Carolina statutes referred to as “the Disturbing Schools Law” and “the Disorderly Conduct Law” are unconstitutionally vague. Plaintiffs purport to represent a “proposed class of elementary and secondary public school students in South Carolina.”
Plaintiffs' constitutional theory is based on reasoning similar to that that gave rise to the Obama administration's infamous guidance letter:
According to plaintiffs, criminal charges under the two statutes are among the leading reasons young people enter the juvenile justice system in South Carolina. … Plaintiffs also allege that students arrested for violating the statutes are less likely to graduate and more likely to feel stigmatized and afraid…. Plaintiffs claim that the statutes are enforced in a discriminatory manner, leaving racial minorities and students with disabilities especially vulnerable. In 2014-2015 black students in South Carolina were nearly four times as likely to be charged under the Disturbing Schools Law compared to their white classmates. In Charleston County, a charge under the Disturbing Schools Law was the number one reason young people entered the juvenile justice system and black students were more than six times as likely to be charged for the offense compared to white students. Plaintiffs allege that such racial disparities in discipline cannot be explained by differences in behavior among students of different races.
The district court had dismissed the case for lack of standing, but the Court of Appeals found “injury in fact” and returned the case to the trial court for further proceedings. While the holding of the decision is limited to the procedural standing issue, the court's opinion suggests sympathy for the plaintiffs' case on its merits (e.g., “S.P is disabled, Nesmith is black, and D.S. is both disabled and black. Thus, the threat of enforcement is particularly credible with respect to these three plaintiffs.”
It remains to be seen how the Kenny case will play out, and of course the theory in that case–that certain South Carolina criminal statutes that seek to maintain order in the schools are impermissibly vague–is different from the race discrimination theory that animated the Obama guidance. But the fact that black students incur discipline at a higher rate than white and Asian students is central to both theories.
It seems to be a little-known fact that courts have explicitly rejected the claim that discrimination can be inferred from racially disparate rates of school discipline. Last year, Hans Bader reviewed some of the precedents:
For years, the courts have recognized that schools are not guilty of discrimination merely because black students get suspended from school at a higher rate than whites, since the higher rate may just reflect higher rates of misbehavior. (See, e.g., Belk v. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of Education, 269 F.3d 305, 332 (4th Cir. 2001) (en banc) (although “statistics show that of the 13,206 students disciplined from 1996–98, sixty-six percent were African–American,” this “‘disparity does not, by itself, constitute discrimination,'” and provides “no evidence” that the school district “targets African–American students for discipline.”); Coalition to Save Our Children v. State Board of Education, 90 F.3d 752, 775 (3d Cir. 1996)(rejecting the “assumption ‘that “undiscipline” or misbehavior is a randomly distributed characteristic among racial groups'”); Tasby v. Estes, 643 F.2d 1103 (5th Cir. 1981)). For example, the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals struck down as unconstitutional a provision that forbade a “school district to refer a higher percentage of minority students than of white students for discipline unless the district purges all ‘subjective' criteria from its disciplinary code,” concluding that that constituted a forbidden racial quota. As it noted, “Racial disciplinary quotas violate equity” by “either systematically overpunishing the innocent or systematically underpunishing the guilty,” and thus violate the requirement that “discipline be administered without regard to race or ethnicity.” (People Who Care v. Rockford Bd. of Educ., 111 F.3d 528, 538 (7th Cir. 1997)). Student misconduct rates are not usually the same among different racial groups. A 2014 study in the Journal of Criminal Justice by criminologist John Paul Wright and their co-authors, for example, found that racial disparities in student discipline resulted from more frequent misbehavior by black students, not racism.
***
The Supreme Court's ruling in U.S. v. Armstrong….rejected the “presumption that people of all races commit all types of crimes” at the same rate, which is “contradicted by” reality. Blacks, who are only 13 percent of the population, commit nearly half of all homicides….the homicide rate is 10 times higher among black teens than white teens.
There is more, including links that I have omitted, in the linked article. It strikes me that this body of law is one of several that the Left refuses to recognize, and likely will overturn as soon as it has the opportunity.
ROANOKE - Learn more about the traditions and history of weddings at this new "History of Weddings" exhibit now at the Glencoe Museum in Radford.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, says Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and is hoping for provincial assistance.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
RELEASE FROM NEO ATHLETICS:
MIAMI — Over the last several years, building a full regular season basketball schedule has become increasingly difficult for Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College Lady Norse head coach Jim Rowland.
While constructing the 2017-18 season, Roland had to become even more creative with their approach.
“Not only is this season going to be tough because we lost six players that gave us significant minutes as starters last year, but the composition of our 28 games is different,” Rowland said. “We have more junior varsity teams than I would like to have.
“It's been hard to schedule games ever since the Kansas Jayhawk Community College Conference realigned and cut down the number of non-conference games to just four,” Rowland said. “That kind of put a strain on me because for me to go out and try to find games around the area that are drivable is very difficult now.
“We had been making the four-hour trip to Hutchinson, Kansas because I loved going over there,” Rowland said. “But, the changes even did away with their long-standing classic.”
During the first month of the season, the Lady Norse will participate in five classics and 10 games in Arkansas, Kansas, Texas and two in Missouri.
“The way the NJCAA is now, having a lot of junior varsity games don't help you in the national rankings,” Rowland said. “They want you to play as many Division I schools as possible so you will have quality wins.”
Another big factor in arranging a schedule is the history and success that the Lady Norse program has experienced over the years.
“That's another thing that hinders our ability to pick up a home-and-home series with another team,” Rowland said. “Some people don't want to play us because of that reason, but at the same time, there are schools that do want to play us.
“We're dipping into Missouri this year and going back to State Fair in Sedalia,” Rowland said. “We haven't played at either State Fair or Moberly in more than 15 years.
“I've never been contacted by any schools, other than Crowder, to come up there and play,” Rowland said. “It's just been tough getting games.”
Entering their 13th season as head coach, Rowland is 16 victories away from the 300-win plateau. Last season the Lady Norse won their fourth consecutive Oklahoma Collegiate Athletic Conference title with a 15-1 record.
NEO captured their second straight Region II Tournament Championship and finished 14th in the NJCAA Women's Division I National Tournament with a 29-3 record.
The Lady Norse are 47-1 over the last four years on their home court which included 11-0 last year.
NEO begins the season at 5:30 p.m., Nov. 1 by hosting Oklahoma Wesleyan University junior varsity in the NEO Field House.
Traveling to Little Rock, Arkansas on Nov. 3-4, the Lady Norse competes in the Arkansas Baptist College Tip-Off Classic. Opponents and specific times are yet to be determined.
Returning to the NEO Field House at 5:30 p.m., Nov. 8, the Lady Norse face arch-rival Coffeyville (Kansas) Community College. The Lady Ravens finished 21-10 last year.
Remaining at home for a 5:30 p.m. game on Nov. 9, the Lady Norse entertain the newly formed Missouri Southern State University junior varsity. Former Lady Norse assistant Kelby Fritz is the head coach.
NEO travels to Highland, Kansas on Nov. 10-11, for the Highland Scotties Classic before competing in the State Fair Lady Greyhound Classic, Nov. 17-18, in Sedalia, Missouri.
Making the 435-mile trip south of the Red River to Athens, Texas, Nov. 24-25, the Lady Norse play in the Trinity Valley Community College Thanksgiving Classic.
Returning home at 5:30 p.m. on Nov. 28, the Lady Norse open defense of their conference crown against Connors State College. Last season the Cowgirls finished 8-8 in the OCAC and 19-9 overall.
NEO visitis Tonkawa at 5:30 p.m. on Nov. 30, for a conference game with the Northern Oklahoma College Lady Mavericks in Foster-Piper Field House. The Lady Mavs posted a 4-12 conference mark and an 11-18 season record last year.
During the month of December, the Lady Norse have a return game at 5:30 p.m., Dec. 6 against the MSSU JV before closing out the first half of the schedule Dec. 8-9 in the Crowder College Classic at Neosho, Missouri.
“We are playing in a classic every weekend is first half of the season,” Rowland said. “I really don't like that because I'm gone every weekend, but that's the only way I felt like I could build my schedule.”
The entire schedule is as follows:
November — 1, Oklahoma Wesleyan JV; 3-4, at Arkansas Baptist Classic; 8, Coffeyville, Kansas; 9, Missouri Southern JV; 10-11, at Highland, Kansas Classic; 17-18, at State Fair, Missouri Classic; 24-25, at Trinity Valley, Texas Classic; 28, *Connors State; 30, *at Northern-Tonkawa.
December — 6, at Missouri Southern JV; 8-9, at Crowder College, Missouri Classic.
January — 8, *Seminole State; 11, *at Eastern State; 15, *Western State; 22, *at Northern-Enid; 25, *Murray State; 29, *Redlands.
February — 1, *at Connors State; 5, *Northern-Tonkawa; 8, *at Seminole State; 12, *Eastern State; 15, *Western State; 22, *Northern-Enid; 26, *at Murray State.
March — 1, *at Redlands; 7-10, at Region II Tournament in Shawnee; 18-23, at NJCAA National Tournament in Lubbock, Texas.
Liberal Democrat Foreign Affairs Spokesperson Christine Jardine has called on the Conservative Government to give the American people a “proper birthday present” by standing up to President Trump on human rights.
Ms Jardine made their plea as the US celebrates Independence Day on the 4th of July. The Liberal Democrat MP wants the Conservative Government to use President Trump's visit to the UK next Friday to “promote the shared values between British and American people” and “condemn Trump's treatment of migrant families and their comments on torture.”
Ms Jardine said:
“The British and American people have a long history of shared values. Among the drivel and bile spouted by President Trump, those shared values must not be forgotten. Indeed, they must be promoted more than ever before. “As the US celebrates Independence Day, the UK Government should give the American people a proper birthday gift and stand up to President Trump ahead of their visit to the UK next week. “As a priority, the UK Government should unequivocally condemn President Trump's abhorrent immigration policies and their endorsement of torture. This man has repeatedly demonstrated their disregard for fundamental human rights – Theresa May must stand up to this bullyboy”.
* Tahir Maher is a member of the LDV editorial team
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ARCHBALD, Pa. -- A woman celebrating the Fourth of July was flown to the hospital with burns after police say they poured gasoline on a fire.
It happened around 11 a.m. Wednesday at a home on Kennedy Drive in Archbald.
Police said Britny Krisanda, 28, of Archbald was celebrating the holiday with family. Police say about 50 percent of their body was burned after they threw gasoline onto a bonfire.
First responders swarmed AC Fields in Archbald. They awaited a medical helicopter after receiving a terrifying call: a woman on fire at a Fourth of July party in the borough.
"They had a bonfire and used an accelerant to kind of get the fire going a little bit more. [It] kicked back and caught her," said Archbald Police Chief Tim Trently.
"She ran and jumped in the swimming pool which obviously put the fire out, but probably saved a lot of the injuries," Trently continued.
Still, police say the mother of two was burned on half of their body, affecting their chest and face. EMT's put them into a medical helicopter only about 30 minutes after receiving the 911 call. They were flown to the burn unit at Lehigh Valley Hospital near Allentown.
"To go through an ordeal like this, I'm sure is something nobody would want to deal with, so at this point, we wish the best for her," Trently said.
Krisanda is in critical condition.
Woman being flown from Archbald's AC Field to the hospital after suffering burns at a 4th of July party in the borough. Police say the 28yo was putting gasoline on a campfire just before 11am at a home on Kennedy Drive. @wnep pic.twitter.com/zWfHU1rBg1 — Stacy Lange (@stacylange) July 4, 2018
Police say the victim suffered burns to about 50% of their body. @wnep pic.twitter.com/pMRb9aQdQo — Stacy Lange (@stacylange) July 4, 2018
The victim is being flown to Lehigh Valley Hospital's burn unit near Allentown. @wnep pic.twitter.com/q3JDtZqdCK — Stacy Lange (@stacylange) July 4, 2018
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
This is the first Israeli approval of settlements in the West Bank since the US diplomatic mission was officially transferred to Jerusalem, a move which aggravated Palestinian protests, causing bitter resentment and anger throughout the Arab world.
Israel has given the green light to the construction of 1,958 new settlement units in the West Bank, Peace Now, an Israeli movement monitoring settlements activity, told AFP.
According to the settlements watchdog, about 700 homes have already been totally approved, whereas the rest have moved through the first stage of approval.
READ MORE: WATCH Demonstration of First Drone Given to Israeli Settlement to Prevent Terror
The movement's statement reads that settlement-building activities have dramatically increased during US President Donald Trump's tenure, with some 14,000 approvals, which is three times more than before Trump's inauguration.
© REUTERS / Kobi Gideon/Courtesy of Government Press Office Trump Urges Israel to 'Be Very Careful' With Building Settlements in West Bank
Territory in the West Bank was seized by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War in the course of the long-lasting struggle between Israelis and Palestinians for the territory of what previously was the British Mandate of Palestine. The West Bank is mostly populated by Arabs and the United Nations considers this territory to be illegally occupied by Israel.
Some sponsors of a peace process, among whom are Russia and the EU, have repeatedly warned that Israeli settlement activities undermine any chance for a two-state solution, which involves the creation of an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel.
Tyson Ross, who has been on the disabled list since having surgery in October to repair thoracic outlet syndrome, is scheduled to make their Rangers' debut Friday against the Mariners at Globe Life Park. Max Faulkner mfaulkner@star-telegram.com
It doesn't matter if you are on the playground or in the Oval Office — (allegedly) being called a moron hurts.
When NBC News reported on Wednesday morning that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, frustrated after a meeting with President Trump in July, called Trump a "moron," it got under the president's skin, four senior administration officials told NBC News on Thursday. Trump, about to fly to Las Vegas to meet with victims of Sunday's mass shooting, was "furious" when they heard the report, and spent two hours venting to their chief of staff, John Kelly. The president was so enraged, Kelly decided not to go to Las Vegas, staying behind to attempt some damage control.
Kelly called Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis to the White House, and they discussed the best way to move forward, three administration officials told NBC News. Later, Tillerson spoke to the press, praising Trump and refuting reports that they threatened to resign. The one thing they didn't do was deny calling Trump a "moron," and that made Trump even more livid, officials said. Read more about the chilly relationship between Trump and Tillerson — and why Vice President Mike Pence is upset about the original report — at NBC News. Catherine Garcia
SOMEONE actually asked the US Geological Survey if it is okay to roast marshmallows over volcanic lava.
And the USGS actually took the time to answer.
The query came on Twitter and with a caveat “assuming you had a long enough stick.”
“Erm … we're going to have to say no, that's not safe. (Please don't try!),” the USGS said.
Volcanic vents, the fissures in the ground from which lava flows onto the earth's surface, also release large amounts of gases.
The fumes — some of which smell like rotten eggs — would spoil the sweet candy's flavour, the USGS cautioned.
The comment was among a flood of public service announcements Wednesday about the Kilauea volcano in Hawaii, which has been in eruption since May 3 on the Big Island.
So far it has destroyed 71 homes and forced the evacuation of around 2,000.
Camera Icon Lava from a Kilauea volcano fissure erupts in Leilani Estates, on Big Island, on May 26, 2018 in Pahoa, Hawaii. Picture: AFP
Meanwhile, lava crossed a key highway in the mostly rural district of the Big Island where Kilauea volcano was erupting, local authorities in Hawaii said overnight.
Highway 132 connects the commercial centre of Pahoa with smaller towns and farms in the area.
Hawaii County said lava destroyed the local electric utility's equipment on the highway, which knocked out power to Vacationland and Kapoho Beach Lots neighbourhoods toward the coast.
Camera Icon Lava from a Kilauea volcano fissure advances up a residential street in Leilani Estates, on Big Island, on May 27, 2018 in Pahoa, Hawaii. Picture: AFP
Hawaii Electric Light Co. said it was evaluating how to provide power to these communities once the eruption is over but it won't be able to finalise a plan until the area is stable.
The eruption has so far destroyed more than 400 of its utility poles, the company said.
The destruction came after rivers of lava flowed toward the ocean over the weekend, forcing officials to knock on doors and urge residents holding out in two evacuated neighbourhoods to flee right away.
Hawaii's Volcanoes National Park has been closed for 19 days and has no water due to damaged utility lines, said Jessica Ferracane, a spokesperson for the National Park Service.
Rohtak: A court here on Thursday issued a non-bailable warrant against yoga guru Ramdev in a case over their remarks made last year against those refusing to raise the slogan of 'Bharat mata ki jai'.
The court of Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Harish Goyal issued the NBW against Ramdev and fixed August 3 as the next date of hearing in the case.
On May 12, the court had issued a bailable warrant against Ramdev.
"The order follows Ramdev's failure to appear before the court yet again today. They also failed to appear despite summons and a bailable warrant," counsel for the complainant in the case O P Chugh said.
Ramdev had made the remarks at a Sadbhawana Sammelan here in April last year, which was called to promote peace in the city that witnessed violence during the Jat quota stir. They had said that but for the rule of law they would have "beheaded" lakhs of people for refusing to chant 'Bharat mata ki jai'.
On March 2, Goyal had issued summons to Ramdev after a complaint was filed by Congress leader and former Haryana minister Subhash Batra seeking registration of an FIR against the yoga guru.
The ACJM had then directed Ramdev to furnish Rs 1 lakh personal surety during the execution of warrant and also to appear in court on June 14.
Net neutrality foe Marsha Blackburn's quest for a US Senate seat got a plug yesterday from President Donald Trump, who endorsed Blackburn at a campaign rally where they also criticized their various enemies, including "Crooked Hillary."
"[Blackburn] is a great woman," Trump told a crowd at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium. "We need Marsha in the Senate to continue the amazing progress and work that we've done over the last year and a half. There has never been an administration, and even some of our enemies are begrudgingly admitting this, that has done what we've done in the first year and a half."
Rep. Blackburn (R-Tenn.) is one of the most outspoken opponents of strict net neutrality rules in the House of Representatives and chairs a key subcommittee that oversees telecommunications.  They are seeking the Republican nomination for one of Tennessee's Senate seats.
Blackburn and Democrat Phil Bredesen, a former Tennessee governor, are the favorites to win their respective parties' nominations ahead of the general election in November. Bredesen has a small lead in some polls, but the race appears to be a toss-up.
Blackburn tried to kill net neutrality rules
Blackburn introduced the House resolution that overturned broadband privacy rules last year, and they have proposed bills that would either eliminate all net neutrality rules entirely or impose restrictions on how the FCC and state governments can regulate net neutrality.
Trump didn't address broadband policy in their speech, in which they focused heavily on their own administration and lobbed various insults at Democrats. Trump said:
To keep this momentum going, to continue this incredible progress, to keep on winning, you have to vote Republican in November. You see what's happening with the Democrats? So Marsha's very liberal Democrat opponent, Phil Bredesen, I never heard of this guy. Who is he? Who is he? He's an absolute, total tool of [Senate Minority Leader] Chuck Schumer. He's a tool of Chuck Schumer and of course, the MS-13 lover, [House Minority Leader] Nancy Pelosi.
Bredesen was governor of Tennessee from 2003 to 2011 and was previously the mayor of Nashville.
Read Politifact for a summary of "Donald Trump's false claim that Nancy Pelosi 'came out in favor of MS-13.'"
Trump said that Bredesen donated money in previous elections to Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, drawing boos from the Republican crowd. They then said, "Crooked Hillary," and the crowd responded by chanting, "lock them up."
“Stand with President Donald Trump”
Blackburn thanked Trump for their endorsement and said that "he's had an amazing 18 months" in part because they have "repeal[ed] a record number of regulations."
"Tennessee needs a senator who is going to support President Donald Trump," Blackburn told the crowd. "I am going to be there to stand with President Donald Trump and take your Tennessee values to Washington, DC, to fight with him, to get the job done." Further Reading Senate votes to overturn Ajit Pai's net neutrality repeal
Blackburn's most recent net neutrality proposal would ban blocking and throttling but allow ISPs to create paid fast lanes and prohibit state governments from enacting their own net neutrality laws. Blackburn's "Open Internet Preservation Act" would also prohibit the FCC from imposing any type of common carrier regulations on broadband providers.
The US Senate this month voted to reverse the Federal Communications Commission's repeal of net neutrality rules. But the effort to maintain strict net neutrality rules faces long odds in the House, and the FCC's repeal is scheduled to take effect on June 11. Trump's White House supported the FCC's undoing of net neutrality rules.
Democratic lawmakers are trying to make net neutrality a prominent campaign issue in this year's House and Senate elections. Bredesen has said they support net neutrality but doesn't appear to have talked about the issue much during their campaign.
0 Police seek women seen with suspect in kidnapping, rape of sisters; nationwide manhunt continues
BOWLING GREEN, Ohio - Police are looking to identify two women seen with one of the suspects wanted in a nationwide manhunt for allegedly kidnapping and raping two teenage sisters in Bowling Green, Ohio.
>> Read more trending news
The unidentified women were captured on surveillance video at a Walmart in Holland, Ohio, around 2 p.m. Saturday, Bowling Green police said Tuesday in an updated news release.
The women gave David Ramos Contreras, 27, a ride from the Walmart in a light-colored vehicle, which appears to be a Dodge, according to police.
Contreras is one of three men with nationwide arrest warrants for the alleged rape and kidnapping of two teenage sisters at a motel in Bowling Green.
The two other men, Juan Garcia Rios Adiel and Arnulfo Ramos, also have nationwide arrest warrants in connection to the incident reported Thursday.
According to police, the investigation is complex because the three men are not U.S. citizens and are known to have fake ID cards and documentation, WTOL-TV reports.
Investigators are asking the public to identify the suspects from their pictures because they are not sure the names they have are the suspects' legal names.
The victims, 13- and 14-year-old sisters, said they escaped from their captors at the motel, where the accused suspects were also staying, WTOL-TV reports. The victims' mother and stepfather transported them to a nearby hospital when police were notified.
Police executed a search warrant at the motel, identifying four suspects in the case.
Nationwide manhunt underway for three accused of kidnapping, raping Ohio teen sisters https://t.co/Cu0BWhLDeU pic.twitter.com/xtgTb25LLP — WHIO-TV (@whiotv) July 4, 2018
The fourth suspect, identified as Simon Juan Thomas, 24, of Guatemala, was located and arrested on charges of unlawful sexual conduct with a minor, police said. Thomas has been booked into the Wood County, Ohio Justice Center, records show.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of the suspects, or the two women seen with Contreras, is asked to contact either:
The Bowling Green Police Division at 419-352-1131
Wood County CrimeStoppers at 1-800-54-CRIME
Your local law enforcement agency
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
By The Associated Press
Sunday, Dec. 10 EAST
Maine 104, Maine at Machias 51
Navy 73, Columbia 68
Robert Morris 74, Drexel 60
Villanova 77, La Salle 68
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50
Coll. of Charleston 92, North Greenville 60
ETSU 94, Hiwassee 48
FAU 106, Webber International 46
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53
High Point 110, Toccoa Falls 39
MIDWEST
Cleveland St. 89, Notre Dame College 56
South Dakota 75, E. Washington 73
FAR WEST
Hawaii 82, Hawaii Hilo 64
UNLV 89, Illinois 82
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Several residents living near a developing dog kennel are voicing concerns with potential noise, sightlines and sanitation problems.
Local resident Vi Heck presented their criticisms on the kennel to Lac Ste. Anne County Council during its regular meeting on Dec. 6. Some of their concerned neighbours had also sent letters to the County regarding this subject.
“Once more, there are issues regarding this dog kennel. It's been over two years of ongoing problems. We were against the idea of a dog kennel in our area right from the beginning and had appealed (it),” Heck said.
One issue is that the kennel owner—whose name was not disclosed—had put eight shacks on their property rather than using the main building. Heck said this owner “has told many conflicting stories,” first stating that the shacks were supposed to be temporary but later saying these were an expansion for the business.
“Council had agreed with all the neighbours in having all the shacks removed. This made sense as how could a business be allowed to expand if it hasn't even started yet and the need is unfounded,” Heck said. “At the time, we felt like we've been heard, but that was not to be.”
However, Heck explained that the County's Subdivision and Development Appeal Board later allowed the owner to keep four of the eight shacks and move the other four shacks to the south side.
“What kind of loose decision is this? Far too many options and loopholes,” they said.
The owner stated, in addition, that the kennel would only take care of other people's dogs while they were gone but later said the kennel would house rescue dogs, Heck explained.
Heck also criticized how the owner was cherry picking rules from multiple permits. They added that this kennel should be in an industrial area since the owner wasn't living on the property and had hired help.
“We believe (the owner) knows exactly what he's doing and continues to act first and beg for forgiveness later,” Heck said.
Regarding enforcement, Heck requested more action from the County and appeal board to impose limits on the kennel and to stick with their decisions.
“Or is this another example of the tail wagging the dog?” they questioned council during the presentation.
Coun. Lloyd Giebelhaus agreed that the County needed to take a harder stance with the kennel owner.
“The guy has been playing games with us in my opinion,” Giebelhaus said.
Nick Gelych, acting chair and deputy reeve, suggested that trees might need to be planted to prevent noise pollution and obscure the kennel from view.
“The trees will do two things at once in my assumption,” Gelych said.
Council accepted the delegation as information. It also moved to defer the decision on an expansion request for the kennel until Dec. 15.
pshokeir@postmedia.com
Twitter: @PeterShokeir
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- It's a long-held stereotype that men are less self-conscious about their weight than women.
But a new study reveals that obese men are just as likely as women to be mistreated and stigmatized by others due to their excess pounds.
Two out of five men surveyed said they've been on the receiving end of weight stigma, "which is really similar to what we see in women," said lead researcher Mary Himmelstein.
This is the first study to look specifically at weight bias targeting men, said Himmelstein, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Connecticut's Center for Food Policy & Obesity.
"This isn't really something we think about as a problem for men. Men really aren't on the radar when we think about weight stigma," they said. "These results show it should be on the radar."
There are many ways overweight and obese people can be stigmatized about their weight. They can be outright teased or taunted, or have snide comments made about what they're eating.
They can also be stereotyped -- "that you can't control yourself around food, that you have no willpower, that you're less intelligent than someone who has a slimmer waistline," Himmelstein said.
People might even think they're doing these folks a favor, but they really aren't, said Dr. Scott Kahan, director of the National Center for Weight and Wellness in Washington, D.C.
"People tend to mistakenly believe if they are harsh with people, it will motivate them to lose weight -- if they tease them a little bit or finger-point a little bit," Kahan said. "There's not a single study I know that supports that, and in fact there are several studies showing the opposite."
Weight bias instead tends to cause people to binge-eat and exercise less, leading to even greater weight gain, Himmelstein and Kahan said.
For this study, Himmelstein and their colleagues surveyed more than 1,500 men from three groups -- two online survey panels and a nonprofit advocacy group for the obese.
About 40 percent of the men reported experiencing weight stigma, the researchers found.
Verbal mistreatment was the most common form of stigma. It most often came from peers, family members and strangers, results showed.
Men stigmatized over their weight tended to be younger, were less likely to be married, and were more likely to be obese rather than normal weight or overweight, Himmelstein noted.
Kahan said that the results show that more research needs to be done exploring the differences in men and women's experiences with weight stigma.
The sources of weight stigma might differ between the two genders, Kahan added. For example, women might be more likely to receive comments from health care professionals than men.
Men also might process and cope with weight stigma differently than women, they noted.
"Just experiencing some sort of stigmatizing action or words from someone else, that's not typically enough to cause harm in an individual," Kahan said. "It's when that individual internalizes that stigma, turns it in on themselves, and sort of believes it and takes it to heart, that's when you start to see some of the mental and physical health problems with those stigmatizing situations."
Men could turn out to have a thicker skin than women when it comes to their weight, although Kahan is not certain of that.
"We all have our theories, and I'm not so sure that men are able to shrug it off easier than women," they said.
The new study is published in the May issue of Obesity.
More information
The National Eating Disorders Association has more about weight stigma.
SOURCES: Mary Himmelstein, Ph.D., postdoctoral fellow, University of Connecticut's Rudd Center for Food Policy & Obesity; Scott Kahan, M.D., MPH, director, National Center for Weight and Wellness, Washington, D.C.; May 2018, Obesity Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Great Lakes Invitational ContestRegister for your chance to win tickets to the 2018 Great Lakes Invitational on January 1-2 at Little Caesars Arena!
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
FREMANTLE has already received a huge boost from its top draft pick, with talented young midfielder Andrew Brayshaw signing a two-year contract extension with the Dockers.
The deal is on top of the initial two-year contract Brayshaw signed when they were recruited to Fremantle via last month's national draft and will keep the teenager at the club until 2021.
The Dockers claimed Brayshaw with Pick 2 at the draft, with the midfielder emerging as one of the best junior prospects following a promising TAC Cup season with Sandringham.
A prolific ball winner who uses the footy effectively, they impressed with their spread from stoppages and averaged 25 disposals and 6.6 tackles per game with the Dragons.
“I heard that the club was interested in re-signing me and I've been treated really well here and everyone's been really welcoming, so I just snatched it up as quickly as I could,” Brayshaw said.
“I definitely feel there's something special going on at the club and I'm really excited about the next few years and I definitely want to be a part of that.”
Brayshaw was Fremantle's first of two top-five selections at the draft, with the Dockers also claiming fellow Vic Metro midfielder Adam Cerra with Pick 5.
Brayshaw is the brother of Melbourne midfielder Angus, while their other brother Hamish was recruited to West Coast with Pick 68 in last month's national draft.
It has been almost a month since Raees was released and the film has become immensely popular. However, bad luck does not leave Shah Rukh Khan's side, who has landed into fresh trouble. As per reports, the superstar has been booked for rioting, unlawful assembly, damaging public property and obstructing a railway official during their promotional tour for the film.
On 23rd January, SRK, the film's director Rahul Dholakia and other crew members went on a train ride from Mumbai to Delhi to promote the crime-thriller. The train had stopped at several stations where the actor interacted with their fans. Vikram Singh, a vendor at Rajasthan's Kota railway station lodged a complaint with Kota government railway police on Monday against the actor. They have alleged that when the August Kranti Express had stopped at Kota station, the Raees actor started waving to their fans from the door of their coach. This led to a stampede-like situation, damaging their stall along with other public properties. Fans gathered at the station also allegedly robbed cash from their stall.
Shah Rukh Khan has reportedly been booked under Sections 147 (rioting), 149 (unlawful assembly), 160 (affray), 427 (mischief causing damage of more than 50 rupees), 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code, Section 3 of the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984; Sections 145 (interfering with amenity provided by the railway administration so as to affect the comfortable travel of any passenger) and 146 (obstructing or preventing any railway servant in the discharge of their duties).
Earlier, there were reports of a person dying at Vadodara railway station and several others being injured while they were rushing to meet the actor.
Here are some other things to know about Georgia's visit to Vanderbilt:
FOUR-HEADED MONSTER: Mason may be expecting Fromm at quarterback, but Vanderbilt is preparing for what the coach called a "four-headed monster" thanks to seniors Nick Chubb and Sony Michel leading a talented group of running backs. Georgia is averaging 237.4 yards on the ground led by Chubb with 480 yards and six touchdowns this season. Michel is averaging 5.4 yards per carry with D'Andre Smith picking up 7.3 yards on each of their runs. "They've got a boatload of talent in the backfield," Mason said.
STINGY D: Georgia comes in having given up just three points in the past two games with a six-quarter scoreless streak . That has the Bulldogs ranked second nationally in scoring defence giving up a mere 9.2 points per game. They rank behind only Alabama, which shut out Vanderbilt 59-0 last month.
DORES' CHALLENGE: Vanderbilt ranked among the nation's best in scoring defence too before starting a grueling stretch featuring four ranked teams in as many weeks. Now the Commodores rank 45th nationally in total offence but have been gashed by the run where they're giving up 204.6 yards per game. But they do have linebacker Charles Wright leading the SEC with six sacks.
TALENTED QUARTERBACKS: Fromm has taken good care of the ball for Georgia, throwing for 734 yards with eight touchdowns and only two interceptions. Junior Kyle Shurmur is off to the best season of their career, tied for the SEC lead with 11 TD passes, and they have only been intercepted once. Their teammates have given them decent protection too, allowing them to be sacked only three times. Smart said Shurmur was still growing as a quarterback when these teams last met.
"He will be the best pure passing quarterback that we have played against," Smart said.
ROUGH STRETCH: Not only is Vanderbilt playing four ranked teams in consecutive weeks for the first time in school history, that stretch also includes two of the nation's top five programs. The schedule started with a win over then-No. 18 Kansas State, the loss to Alabama, a 38-24 loss at then-No. 21 Florida and now Georgia. Vandy hasn't beaten the Bulldogs in consecutive games since 1956-58. Mason says the tough competition will help their Commodores build the character they will need to play well down the stretch.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
___
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
By Teresa M. Walker, The Associated Press
The first completed support for the new WashMo bridge. The second one being formed up. Follow the progress of the new WashMo Bridge as it connects FrankComo with WarrenCoMo and StCharlesCoMo at WashMoBridge.com
FIVE MEN accused of the killing of the former director of Panama's National Culture Institute (INAC), and a security guard have been sentenced to 42 years in jail.
Anel Omar Rodríguez, was escorting an INAC visitor to a hotel near the National Lottery on March 10, 2009, when they were caught in the middle of an exchange of gunfire between the personnel of an armored truck in charge of guarding the money of the headquarters of the National Lottery, and a gang of would-be robbers.
Samuel Monroy González, a security agent was also killed. Time spent in preventive detention will be taken into consideration said the Second Superior Court. ruling. One of the accused was acquitted.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dimi Mitov - 7* - A fine Football League debut for the young goalkeeper. Not too much for them to do, but looked confident from corners and under high balls and made a fine save from Callum Lang. Man of the match.
Brad Halliday - 7 - Impressive display from the full-back, always seemed to be in the right position.
Greg Taylor - 6 - Headed everything that came their way all night.
George Taft - 6 - A solid enough performance against an energetic front line.
Jake Carroll - 7 - Nice to see them getting a bit of a run in the team. Did well, especially towards the end of the game when Morecambe were throwing people forward.
Harrison Dunk - 6 - Was strong going forward, particularly in the first half.
Gary Deegan - 6 - Busy, as always, in the middle of the park.
George Maris - 7- Looked the most creative player on the day again and was inches away from scoring.
Dave Amoo - 7 - A good performance on a very heavy pitch, put in a few dangerous crosses too.
Jevani Brown - 6- Glimpses of magic as always, but couldn't make the breakthrough.
Uche Ikpeazu - 6 - Not an ideal situation for anyone, but they put a shift in up front.
Subs
Billy Waters - 5 - Couldn't really get involved in the game. Came on just as the home side were building some momentum.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Family owned Vince's Sports Center, a source for fun, is going to stay open, after business deal to sell to a German grocery story chain Lidl falls apart. The News Journal
SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) — Syracuse guard Tyus Battle has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and return to school for their junior year.
Battle says in a statement on the university website that they feel it's in their best interest “to focus on improving some fine points” in their game and work toward their degree.
Battle says they plan to re-enter the draft next year and calls their decision to return an easy one.
Battle had a standout sophomore season, leading Division I in average minutes played and the Orange in scoring at 19.2 points per game. That earned them a second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection, and their 712 points were the most for a sophomore in school history.
Comments
comments
Queensland: This is a heart-warming story. A 17-year-old, part blind and deaf dog looked after a three-year-old child overnight who had got lost and was alone in the Australian bushland.
Aurora went missing when they went for a walk outside their family's property in Queensland. The family dog Max stayed by the side of girl for more than 16 hours, as per a report in Independent.
A major search operation was undertaken to find the missing girl, involving two helicopters, as temperatures dropped.
Hailed for their act, the dog was named an 'honorary police dog' by Queensland police for keeping Aurora safe and reuniting them with their family.
Girl's grandmother Leisa Bennet was quoted as saying by ABC News in Australia - “We were standing here alone in the darkness knowing a three-year-old was out in the cold. It wasn't a situation where we could go home and sleep in our warm blankets knowing they were out here.”
Aurora was, by and large, returned unharmed, apart from a few bruises.
Queensland Police posted a picture of the dog on the social media and captioned it - 'Such a good boy, Max'. "He stayed with their three-year-old human last night whilst they were lost near Warwick. For keeping them safe until they were found, you're now an honorary police dog," they wrote on Facebook and Twitter.
SUCH A GOOD BOY, MAX! They stayed with their 3-year-old human who was lost near Warwick last night while we frantically searched for them For keeping their safe, you're now an honorary police dog. https://t.co/QiszGFP4gg via @ABCNews pic.twitter.com/xxRc6ndeaK — Queensland Police (@QldPolice) April 21, 2018
Independent quoted Inspector Craig Berry from Queensland Police telling a news channel -“The child had been out in the elements all night with only the company of an elderly, blind, half deaf dog, so it was a positive outcome.”
A FORMER Lismore gynaecologist has been committed to stand trial for their most recent charges.
Glenn Allan Taylor, 62, who is accused of having sexually assaulted more than three dozen female patients between 1992 and 2015, faced Lismore Local Court this morning.
Nine newer allegations went back before the Local Court, while more than 60 previous charges have been before the Downing Centre District Court in Sydney.
These charges include five counts of sexual assault under authority and four counts of indecent assault and relate to alleged incidents against six patients between November 1992 and January 2015.
Their previous charges include 46 counts of aggravated indecent assault and 23 counts of aggravated sexual assault.
Lawyer Steve Spinks represented Mr Taylor as agent for HWL Lawyers.
Mr Spinks put before the court documents relating to a committal hearing waiver, which Magistrate David Heilpern signed.
Mr Heilpern said Dr Taylor was now committed to stand trial for the nine newer charges, which were adjourned to April 27 to be brought together with the prior charges in Sydney.
Amityville police have arrested a local man who they say stole postal packages from residents' homes.
Shabazz Gilliam-Gray, 21, of Amityville, told officers Monday they had been going door-to-door with a friend asking for money and became frustrated when no one answered, police said. The frustration led Gilliam-Gray to take packages, police said.
Police said they arrested Gilliam-Gray on Monday after finding them with three stolen packages, two of which were hidden under their jacket.
Gilliam-Gray was charged with three counts of petit larceny and criminal possession of stolen property.
Police said Wyandanch resident Ronald E. Crummell, 24, accompanied Gilliam-Gray during their door-to-door solicitations. Crummell was not arrested, but they were issued a summons for soliciting door to door.
Gilliam-Gray is awaiting an arraignment by Amityville Village Court.
A judge has thrown out two of The Daily Telegraph's arguments it was using in its defence.
Metro Line 2 is 65% completed and will be “partially operational” when hundreds of thousands of pilgrims arrive in the city for World Youth Day, in January 2019 but will not solve the city's traffic and transport problems.
The Line 2 Consortium -Odebrecht y Fomento Construcciones y Contractors- told La Prensa that at the end of this year they hope to carry out the first static and dynamic train tests that will initially carry 16,000 people during peak hours.
They also committed themselves to having the line partially working during the World Youth Day with the project fully operational in May of next year.
The $1,857 billion project will extend over 21 kilometers, from the San Miguelito Metro Station to Nuevo Tocumen, in the December 24 corregimiento
Integration
Gustavo Adolfo Bernal, president of the Panamanian Society of Engineers and Architects (SPIA), rated the project positive but considered that by itself it will not help to remedy the traffic problems for vehicles and mobilization of public transport users.
They said that many resources are being invested in the improvement of roads and new transport systems, but there is a lack of connectivity between the works that they advance.
“We have to think big to integrate the investments that are being made, in such a way that there is an effective optimization of the service. It's not just about building things, ” they said
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The top U.S. military officer told their counterparts in South Korea on Monday that the United States is ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities to defend itself and its allies from any North Korean provocation.
Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which President Donald Trump traded threats with North Korea. Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” and said they were ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
North Korea, meanwhile, has threatened to lob four intermediate-range missiles into the waters near Guam, a tiny U.S. territory about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. This would be a deeply provocative act, from the U.S. perspective, and there has been widespread debate about whether Washington would try to shoot the missiles down if they're fired.
The U.S.-North Korea standoff, which has simmered since the end of the Korean War in 1953, has grown more tense in recent months over worries that the North's nuclear weapons program is nearing the ability to target the U.S. mainland. Pyongyang tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month.
Related: Top South Korean official: Trump comments ‘very worrisome,' causing ‘confusion'
Dunford, who met with senior South Korean military officials and President Moon Jae-in, “stressed that North Korea's ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs threaten the entire global community,” according to U.S. military spokesperson Capt. Darryn James. “He conveyed America's readiness to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the U.S. homeland,” James said.
Moon separately called Monday for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that “there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula,” according to their office.
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provoking.
North Korea, which is angry over new United Nations sanctions condemning its rapidly developing nuclear and missile program, continued its tough stance on Monday.
The North accused the United States of mobilizing a huge number of weapons and troops for annual military drills with South Korea that begin later this month. Pyongyang, which claims the drills are war preparation, says it will be ready to send its Guam missile launch plan to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for approval just before or as the drills begin.
“What matters is that if a second conflict (on the peninsula) erupts, that cannot help but lead to a nuclear war,” the North's official Korean Central News Agency said in a commentary. “We are closely monitoring every move by the United States.”
The commentary said that about 3.5 million young students and workers have volunteered to join or rejoin the army because of a possible confrontation with the United States.
Related Content: North Korea still mastering how to deliver a nuke to US
Dunford earlier told reporters traveling with them to Asia that they aim to “sense what the temperature is in the region.” They also will discuss military options in the event the “diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign” fails.
“We're all looking to get out of this situation without a war,” Dunford said.
Chinese President Xi Jinping talked on the phone Saturday with Trump and called for cool-headedness. Xi urged Washington and Pyongyang to avoid words or actions that could worsen the situation.
Trump has pushed China, North Korea's biggest economic partner and source of aid, to do more to stop the North's nuclear ambitions. Beijing says its influence on Pyongyang is limited.
Trump's recent threats followed a report that U.S. intelligence indicates North Korea can now put a nuclear warhead on its long-range missiles.
Related Content: Trump: If North Korea attacks US, it ‘will regret it fast'
For all their bluster, Trump's words did not appear to be backed by significant military mobilization on either side of the Pacific, and an important, quiet diplomatic channel remained open.
On Sunday, U.S. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, tried to provide assurances that a conflict is avoidable, while also supporting Trump's tough talk. They said the United States and its allies no longer can afford to stand by as North Korea pushes ahead with the development of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile.
___
Associated Press writer Hyung-jin Kim contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Islanders did not factor into the market for the top unrestricted free agent defensemen, other than watching their own Calvin de Haan agree to a four-year, $18.2-million deal with the Hurricanes on Tuesday.
John Carlson stayed with the Capitals, Mike Green stayed with the Red Wings. The Blue Jackets lost Jack Johnson to the Penguins and Ian Cole to the Avalanche. John Moore left the Devils for the Bruins.
As for the trade market, while the Senators appear ready to deal two-time Norris Trophy winner Erik Karlsson, the Islanders are not believed to be a likely landing spot.
But even as Lou Lamoriello has spent their time since the free agent market opened on Sunday stocking the roster with bottom-six forwards by signing UFAs Tom Kuhnhackl, Leo Komarov and Valtteri Filppula and re-acquiring fan favorite Matt Martin, plus signing a potential No. 1 goalie in Robin Lehner, the Islanders new president must surely also be thinking about improvements to their defense corps.
The Islanders allowed an NHL-high 293 goals last season and even with de Haan's departure have six defensemen still on the roster from last season.
Lamoriello brought back Thomas Hickey, 29, with a four-year, $10-million deal. Johnny Boychuk, 34, has four seasons left on a seven-year, $42-million deal. Nick Leddy, 27, who has been Boychuk's top-pair partner, has four seasons to go on a seven-year, $38.5-million deal. Adam Pelech, 23, has three seasons remaining on a four-year, $6.4-million contract. Scott Mayfield, 25, is starting a five-year, $7.25-million extension.
And Ryan Pulock, 23, who could move into a top-pair role after notching 10 goals and 22 assists in 68 games as a rookie, is a restricted free agent without arbitration rights, meaning they have little negotiation leverage.
Pulock, Mayfield and Boychuk are right-handed shots.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
If Lamoriello does not swing a deal for a defenseman or two this offseason, there should still be strong competition in training camp come September for spots in the Islanders' top six.
Devon Toews, 24, a fourth-round pick in 2014, Sebastian Aho, 22, a fifth-round pick in 2017 who played 22 games for the Islanders last season, and Mitchell Vande Sompel, 21, a third-round pick in 2018 who turned pro last season and was an All-Star for Bridgeport (AHL), are all potential candidates.
All three are left-handed shots.
But another intriguing possibility is Swiss-born Yannick Rathgeb, 22, a right-handed shot who agreed to a two-year, $2.75-million entry-level deal on April 6 after going undrafted.
Rathgeb's poise and skating stood out during the Islanders prospect development camp last week in East Meadow and they have played the past three seasons in the Swiss-A League, compiling eight goals and 20 assists in 38 games for Fribourg-Gotteron HC last season.
But Rathgeb is not a stranger to playing in North America, having played two seasons of junior hockey for Plymouth (OHL) from 2013-15.
Assuming Lamoriello cannot pull off a mega-deal for Karlsson, there still may be additional activity on the trade market this offseason.
The Hurricanes, after signing de Haan, may look to move three-time All-Star Justin Faulk, 26, a right-handed shot who have two seasons remaining on their six-year, $29-million deal.
Or the Jets might consider trading Jacob Trouba, 24, also a right-handed shot, after their contract is settled. Trouba is a restricted free agent with arbitration rights after completing a two-year, $6-million deal.
Of course, the price for either would be steep, likely in draft choices, prospects and NHL-ready players.
Buenos Aires: Argentina awakened on Friday to the horrifying possibility of a World Cup without the "world's best player", Lionel Messi.
The Albiceleste drew 0-0 at home to Peru on Thursday to fall not only out of the four automatic South American qualifying places for next year's finals in Russia but also the fifth place that offers a playoff spot against New Zealand.
Sitting sixth, Argentina now almost certainly need to win their final pool game away to Ecuador or miss out entirely on the global footballing showpiece, a prospect that had newspapers in the country retching with horror.
"Will there be a World Cup without the world's best player?" asked Clarin newspaper on its website.
La Nacion was slightly more upbeat, refusing to rule out a happy ending: "Drama right to the end."
But one area where all media were agreed was that should Argentina miss out, it won't be Messi's fault.
Some even went as far as to suggest the diminutive Barcelona forward, a five-time world player of the year is practically playing on their own alongside hapless compatriots.
The task has now become desperate as Argentina will head to Quito, 2,800 metres above sea level, on Tuesday in need of three points at a venue in which they have lost twice and drawn one of their last three visits.
It's not quite a win or bust scenario in an incredibly close qualifying campaign that sees six teams -- behind Brazil who have already booked their Russian ticket -- still in contention for the remaining three automatic qualification spots and separated by just four points.
Ecuador have already been eliminated and lost their last five matches in a row.
But strangely, even in defeat, Argentina could yet secure the playoff berth, while victory would not guarantee a top-four finish.
Equally, a draw could be enough to finish fourth, or leave them as low as seventh -- fans will be tearing their hair out trying to calculate the permutations and combinations. Coach Jorge Sampaoli, Argentina's third of the qualification campaign, remains confident -- publicly at least.
"All that was missing was a goal," they said after the Peru draw, adding that they were "very confident in the fact that we'll be at the World Cup".
They also moved to deflect pressure from Messi, who while winning everything possible in club football and shining brightly for Barcelona, has had a largely disappointing international career -- winning the 2008 Olympics is their only major honour.
"We cannot ask more of Lionel Messi. They had chances, created them," added Sampaoli.
"Messi was very intense, the way we need him."
The problem, though, is that Argentina simply cannot find the net -- just 16 goals in their 17 qualification matches attest to that.
Only Bolivia, already eliminated, have scored fewer while rock-bottom Venezuela, with just one win from their 17 matches, have managed two more goals than Messi's men.
Minnows Peru are only ahead of Argentina on goals scored, but have netted 10 times more -- Brazil have found the net more than twice as many times in their qualification campaign.
Argentina's last goal, in a 1-1 draw against Venezuela in September, was a Rolf Feltscher own goal, while the last time an Argentinian netted was Messi back in March, although that only from the penalty spot.
The players realise their predicament and in training near Buenos Aires on Friday they were keeping their heads down and looking sombre.
While they're concentrating on the job at hand, La Nacion had a damning verdict about their performances, likening them to "someone drowns".
La Nacion, like much of Argentina, have given up faith in Messi and their team-mates, they are now looking for a helping hand from another source: "We've got to this final match, begging for a miracle."
Heavy snow and freezing temperatures have brought chaos to roads across northern and central Spain once more.Spain's national weather agency have issued weather warnings in 33 provinces across the peninsula and Balearic Islands in a cold snap that is expected to continue over the weekend and into next week.Sections of motorway remain closed Friday morning, including parts of AP-6, la AP-51, la AP-61, la A-1 and la A-15.Motorists are advised to check the status of roads on the website of Spain's Traffic Department before embarking on their journey, and then in red alert areas to avoid making unnecessary journeys.
Ohio State All-America safety Malik Hooker is entering the NFL draft after one sensational season as a starter with the Buckeyes.
Hooker redshirted in their first year at Ohio State and played sparingly in 2015. This season they stepped into the starting lineup and led the Buckeyes in interceptions with seven, including a school-record three returned for touchdowns. They also made 74 tackles, third best on the team, and had 11 passes defended.
Hooker announced their intentions Monday with a post on Twitter. They thanked teachers, coaches and teammates for their growth “both as a football player and as a person.”
They said after talking with their family, “we have decided its best for me to forgo my remaining two years of eligibility and declare for the 2-17 NFL draft.”
Advertisement
___
More AP college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
By The Associated Press
BRUSSELS (AP) — Amnesty International is accusing European Union countries of being complicit in the abuse of migrants detained in Libya.
The human rights group said in a report made public Tuesday that moves by EU member countries to cut off the main migration route from Africa to Europe have trapped an estimated 20,000 migrants in overcrowded and unsanitary Libyan detention facilities.
It also accused Libyan coast guard of collaborating with people smugglers and accepting kickbacks to let migrant boats leave for Europe.
Amnesty says it has documentary evidence that a boat donated by Italy was involved in an interception operation in which up to 50 people drowned.
Advertisement
EU officials have rejected criticism of Europe's approach to curbing immigration and say the bloc's money has been channeled into Libya through United Nations agencies.
Mumbai: Indian tennis star Sania Mirza says that being a private person herself, they will take time to open up about their life when a biopic will be made on them
"There are a lot of talks going on about it but there's nothing solid right now. But when there will be, being the private person that I am, it will take me some time to open up a little bit about myself and my life," Sania told IANS when asked if they are comfortable watching their life journey on the big screen.
Director Rohit Shetty showed their interest on making a film on Sania on Karan Johar's chat show.
Talking about it, the Padma Bhushan recipient said: "I've seen and heard a few people say that they would want to make the film but there's nothing concrete right now. We are in talks with them."
And who can portray their personality onscreen?
"As far as who's going to play is concerned, I think that will depend on many factors so because there's so many amazing leading actores in our country and I'm sure most of them can do justice and play the part really well so we'll just have to wait and watch," said Sania, who is also the proud recipient of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award.
There were many films made on sports personalities in the past and in present, the very recent is Amole Gupte's biopic on star Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal that features actor Shraddha Kapoor.
Sania walked for designer Anushree Reddy on day four of Lakme Fashion Week (LFW) Summer/Resort 2018. The designer unveiled their bridal collection titled - Pink "The Navy Blue of India" at the fashion gala.
Talking about how fashionably updated they are, Sania said: "Honestly, I don't understand fashion so much. I definitely like looking good and I've had a really good team around me and they've made my life really easy. I love dressing up and experimenting with fashion but like I said I don't really understand fashion so I'm very grateful to my sister who is one of my stylists and Ami Patel (her stylist) as well as the rest of my team for making me look good."
Many consider them as one of the best dressed sports personality so do they enjoy such tags?
"Well, thank you for the compliment. But I just dress how I feel comfortable," said Sania.
"For me that is the most important thing so that is what I try to do. Obviously dressing well is important but comfort for me is number one," added the sports star.
And does criticism bother them as a person?
"Not necessarily always but at some level we are conscious about the fact that there's so many social media websites and there's so much said about what we wear every single day as celebrities so I do read it sometimes but don't always take them to heart both good or bad," they said.
COLUMBUS, Ga. — Columbus police have made a third arrest in the murder investigation of Javion Shorter.
Javon McClendon was arrested Monday and will be charged with Murder.
McClendon was booked into the Muscogee County Jail and will have a hearing Thursday, December 14 at 9 a.m. in Recorder's Court.
As News 3 reported, Columbus police was dispatched to the 5600 block of Hunter Road in reference to a shooting.
When officers arrived they found Javion Shorter suffering from a gunshot wound. Shorter was transported to a local hospital where they passed away from their injuries.
The investigation is still on going.
Share. No release date has been set yet. No release date has been set yet.
A Sly Cooper animated TV series is in development.
Technicolor Animation Productions, the same studio behind the Sonic Boom TV show, has teamed up with Sony to work on the Sly Cooper TV adaptation. The series will follow Sly Cooper and their two best friends, the muscular hippo Murray and the intelligent turtle Bentley, as they steal and try to save Sly's city while being on the run from Inspector Carmelita Fox.
The show will also feature a few of Sly Cooper's villains and promises to retain the franchise's blend of action and humor. No release date for the show has been set yet and there are no details regarding the voice cast.
"There is no doubt that teenagers will be happy to rediscover their beloved game as a series, while younger kids will be charmed by the debonair raccoon and their exciting universe," said Sandrine Nguyen, Managing Director, Technicolor Animation Productions.
A Sly Cooper movie was announced in early 2014, which was supposed to hit cinemas sometime in 2016. It's currently not known if the film has been wholly scrapped in favor for the TV series.
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
LAHORE: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Vice Chairman Shah Mehmood Qureshi called on Jamaat-e-Islami (JI) head Sirajul Haq on Friday to seek JI's backing for ousting National Assembly Opposition Leader Khursheed Shah.
Shah Mehmood Qureshi met Sirjaul Haq at the JI headquarters in Lahore.
The two leaders exchanged views on the appointment of the next National Accountability Bureau (NAB) chairperson along with a discussion on the controversy surrounding Khatm-eNabuwwat clause.
Siraj said that in order to ensure fair elections in 2018, a transparent system was needed. They said they had been always been demanding that the authority to appoint the NAB chairperson be withdrawn from the prime minister and the leader of the opposition, and a free judicial committee to be formed for the appointment of the Bureau chief.
Both leaders also discussed the controversy surrounding Khatm-e- Nabuwwat clause in the Constitution, with Qureshi calling upon the government to expose the lobby, disassociate itself from these elements and punish them so that nobody could dare to make such a heinous attempt in future.
Sirajul Haq said that it has been proved there was a lobby in the government which wanted to abolish the articles relating to Khatm-e-Nabuwwat. They further said that the JI with the support of the like-minded parties in the parliament would raise the issue in Senate with full force.
JI is a coalition partner of the PTI in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, having four seats in the National Assembly.
The PTI with the help of Muttahida Qaumi Movement-Pakistan (MQM-P) has been striving to oust Khurshid Shah from their post. It has contacted several opposition parties in this regard. However, there were rumours of an internal strife within the party over the choice of candidate for the post following Qureshi's name coming up for the slot.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police officers from Gloucestershire could be sent to help boost security for US President Donald Trump's imminent UK visit.
Mr Trump is expected to fly in on July 12 and a major 'Stop Trump' protest is planned in London for the following day.
During the three-day trip, they will meet with Theresa May at Chequers and the Queen at Windsor Castle.
The scale of their visit means policing is being co-ordinated by the National Police Coordination Centre, which has the power to pull in officers from forces all over the country.
(Image: AP)
West Midlands Police is set to lose up to 400 officers to London for the event, amid fears that cuts to frontline staff will cause a major headache.
The force will have to ask officers to work overtime, either because they are sent to London or because they are covering for absent colleagues. Officers will then be owed days off in the future, creating a logistical nightmare for police chiefs. A total of 1,000 "rest days" are expected, reports Birmingham Live.
Whether Gloucestershire Constabulary has been asked to provide officers, or how many, has not yet been made public, but a spokesperson for the National Police Chiefs Council said they are 'confident' local policing services won't be heavily impacted in the areas affected.
They said: “UK forces are currently planning a major national policing operation to manage the forthcoming visit of US President Donald Trump.
“The National Police Coordination Centre (NPoCC) is currently in discussions with forces about how the resource requirements of this massive operation will be met.
“Operational plans are still being determined and we are confident that forces will continue to maintain local policing services.”
Protesters against Mr Trump's visit will march down Oxford Circus and down Regent Street before holding a rally in Trafalgar Square from 5pm to 7pm on July 13.
Although protests were planned as soon as the visit was suggested, opposition to Mr Trump may be particularly fierce after it emerged that children had been separated from their parents at detention centres for undocumented migrants in the US.
The high level of security required for the visit means London's Metropolitan Police is to receive help from other forces.
The Home Office will pay for extra costs incurred by outlying forces, but cannot replace missing personnel.
ROCK SPRINGS, Ohio — Nobody knew it, but the Meigs Marauders sponsored Monday's baseball game with the letter ‘K'.
That's because, as a pair of Marauder pitchers combined for 10 strikeouts, Meigs made rather short work of the visiting River Valley Raiders —rolling and blanking the Raiders 13-0 in a Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division tilt at Meigs High School.
Meigs starting pitcher Luke Musser muscled the River Valley lineup for seven strikeouts —including for all three outs in the opening inning after allowing a pair of leadoff doubles.
In pitching the first four innings, they gained the easy victory.
In fact, Musser fanned five Raiders in a row, before allowing a second-inning single to Cameron Potter.
In the third, Austin Ragan recorded a single for River Valley, but Musser retired the final five Raiders they faced —before Briar Wolfe struck out the side in the fifth.
The contest was called following the fifth inning with the 10-run mercy rule.
In addition, the site was switched to Meigs High School — due to rain and wet grounds at River Valley.
For Meigs, it raised its record to 8-5 — and remained in second-place in the TVC-Ohio behind Athens at 4-1.
Only the division-leading Bulldogs, at a perfect 6-0 in the league, have defeated the Marauders in league play.
River Valley, meanwhile, continues to struggle — falling to 2-7 with its seven consecutive defeat.
As part of those seven straight losses, the Silver and Black have been outscored by a whopping 70-6 margin, which now includes three shutouts.
The Raiders remain winless in the TVC-Ohio at 0-5.
River Valley appeared to threaten early, when Ragan and Brycen Brumfield both doubled to lead off the game.
But neither scored, and only Potter and Ragan were the only other Raider baserunners the rest of the way.
Jack Farley, the first of three Raider hurlers, suffered the pitching loss.
They gave up an unearned run in the first, which proved to be the only marker the Marauders needed for the win.
Christian Mattox reached on a leadoff error, stole second, advanced to third on a wild pitch, and then crossed on a sacrifice bunt by Zach Helton.
Over the next two innings, the Marauders amassed 12 runs on their dozen total hits, including 10 runs in the second inning for an 11-0 lead.
They tacked on two more in the third for the 13-0 advantage, as Dustin Barber retired the Marauders 1-2-3 in the fourth.
Musser helped their cause with two hits, as Mattox managed a pair of RBI-singles.
Helton had a two-run single in the second, as Cole Arnott led the Maroon and Gold in going 3-for-3.
The Marauders return home, and return to TVC-Ohio Division action, today (Wednesday, April 19) against Alexander.
Paul Boggs can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2106
Meigs pitcher Briar Wolfe (33) delivers to a River Valley batter during Monday's Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division baseball game at Meigs High School. http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-MHS-Wolfe.jpg Meigs pitcher Briar Wolfe (33) delivers to a River Valley batter during Monday's Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division baseball game at Meigs High School. Paul Boggs/OVP Sports
China's got a strange new method of stopping jaywalkers. Picture: YouTube
China's got a strange new method of stopping jaywalkers. Picture: YouTube
LET'S face it, we're all guilty of jaywalking.
You're in a rush, the traffic is light and there's one of those convenient little islands halfway to stop at if you get weary on your journey.
Bravely risking a $72 fine, you glance around and march forward in defiance of the threatening red man.
Yeah, don't try that in China.
Citizens in the city of Daye in China's Hubei province will get sprayed by a jet of water if they cross before the friendly little green man appears.
Law enforcement officers in the region recently installed five bright yellow posts at one of the city's busiest intersections.
According to China Daily, the posts feature a speaker system that informs pedestrians when it's safe to cross - with a warning.
"Please don't go through," the automated recording says. "You will be sprayed with water."
Footage has emerged at street crossings in the region showing Chinese citizens getting blasted with a mist of water for disobeying the rules.
They also contain laser beams that display red and green lights to show when it's safe to cross.
All in all, the equipment cost a local information technology company 1.3 million yuan ($A270,000) to install.
And in case a big wet splotch on the front of your trousers wasn't enough of a deterrent, the monitors also come with facial recognition technology that can identify jaywalkers.
People who jaywalk will be photographed, and pictures of their faces are sent to a police database and used to determine their identities.
Last month, the ABC reported Chinese authorities in the southern city of Shenzhen had launched a public website to name and shame offenders using artificial intelligence cameras.
Photographs of the offending pedestrians are now instantly displayed on LED screens installed at road junctions in the region.
Hmm. Maybe we'll just wait the extra 10 seconds.
IT might be the most dynamic region in the world but the Asia Pacific isn't meeting its economic potential, and some of that has to do with gender equality, according to the McKinsey Global Institute (MGI).
Targeted policies to achieve more women's equality in Asia-Pacific economies could add $4.5 trillion to the region's combined annual gross domestic product by 2025, or 12% better than if the status quo were maintained, MGI, the business and economics research arm of McKinsey & Co., said in a report Tuesday.
“Women can help — and are helping to power this engine, making vital contributions to sustaining and enhancing Asia's growth and lifting more people out of poverty,” the report's authors wrote.
“Yet gaps remain large in many countries in the region on gender equality both in work and in society.”
The researchers estimate that 58% of that potential growth would be from raising women's labor-force participation rate, a quarter from putting more women to work in higher-productivity sectors and 17% from boosting women's work hours.
MGI judged 18 economies in the region for gender equality in work and in society.
PHILIPPINES DEEMED BEST
On the work metrics, the Philippines was lauded for progress, followed by New Zealand and Singapore.
India and Pakistan were judged furthest from gender parity in work.
While there are fewer than four women globally in leadership roles to every 10 men, the ratio is only one in four in the Asia-Pacific region, according to the report.
On societal metrics, South and Southeast Asia offers a lot of potential for gender parity in digital and financial inclusion, while physical security and autonomy are considered greater worries.
MGI's calculations focus on supply-side estimates that account for labor-force participation rates by gender and age cohorts, part-time versus full-time work among men and women and employment patterns for men and women across sectors.
The authors note that the supply-side approach needs demand-side policies, including those that would help create jobs that attract female workers.
Women account for half of the combined Asia-Pacific population but contribute just 36% of the $26 trillion in gross domestic product — the same as the global share, the report showed.
And while the region as a whole has shown “significant progress” on gender equality over the past decade — including on maternal health and adult literacy — much improvement is needed on boosting women's workforce participation, according to the report.
That's one of five metrics the group used to measure gender equality at work.
While Singapore has shown high marks on this count, boosting female participation to 58% in 2016 from 28% in 1970, even the city state's relatively progressive policies haven't prevented a wide gender gap in areas such as hours worked and productivity.
The MGI authors suggest that encouraging women's participation in the so-called STEM fields — science, technology, engineering and math — and addressing skills shortages should help alleviate Singapore's gender inequality. — Bloomberg
© Sputnik/ Valeriy Melnikov
Farmers in Syria's Aleppo province have formed self-defense units in order to protect their own villages from terrorists, according to RIA Novosti.With most of the Aleppo province cleared from jihadists, local farmers are taking up arms in order to prevent terrorists from retaking the area, RIA Novosti reported."The militants killed all those who wanted to work on their own land, and those who refused to take the militants' side. I had to flee the village after they killed 23 people in my family," one local man, Ahmad al-Ali, was quoted by RIA Novosti as saying.After the jihadists were driven out of the village, locals began to form self-defense forces to protect it from a possible return of the terrorists, who are currently based about 15 kilometers from the area."We need to gather the harvest before sunset because today it's our turn to stand on duty. Of course, it's hard, but if the militants return, we will face even harder times," al-Ali said.Remarkably, training classes on how to equip a firing point in an abandoned house are conducted by servicemen from a battalion of the Russian military police in Aleppo.Additionally, they train Aleppo militia units to assemble and disassemble submachine guns as well all the ABCs of battlefield medicine, including how to dress a wound.The so-called Arab Spring protests in Syria that took place in 2011 resulted in clashes between government forces and opposition groups, which became increasingly radicalized as foreign fighters and money from extremists in Qatar and Saudi Arabia flooded into the country.On December 16, 20016, the Russian Defense Ministry's Center for Syrian Reconciliation said that the Syrian army operation to liberate the eastern neighborhoods of the city of Aleppo was over, and that the Syrian government troops were eliminating separate hotbeds of militant resistance.However, the battle for surrounding Aleppo Province rages on, with government troops, the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces, the Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army forces, the terrorist group Daesh, and other Islamic terrorist groups such as Ahrar al-Sham and the Al Nusra Front all vying for control of the region, which accounted for almost 23% of the total population of Syria before the war.
A 31-year-old female was arrested in Byron Bay last night.
A 31-year-old female was arrested in Byron Bay last night. Tessa Mapstone
A VICTIM to malicious wounding will receive surgery today after sustaining injuries after an altercation in Byron Bay last night.
Police were called to a scene near Woolworths at 5.45pm where the altercation commenced between two parties, before a third got involved.
A broken glass bottle and used in the incident.
As a result one person received an injury to their right arm and head and was taken to hospital.
The accused person - a 31-year-old female - was arrested and will appear before bail court this morning.
× Troopers: Children Escape Gunman through Window
HAWLEY, Pa. — A father of three is behind bars after troopers say they opened fire inside their home in Wayne County.
State police say Shawn Birtel, 47, pulled a gun and started firing in the early morning hours while their three children were inside.
Birtel's kids and their friends feared for their lives and escaped through a second-floor window.
An emergency ladder dangled from the open second-floor window at the home along Route 6 in Hawley after troopers say three adults and two children used it to escape gunfire around 2 a.m. Tuesday.
Troopers say Birtel was drinking with friends in the early morning hours when they became combative, pulled a pistol out and began shooting, saying, “I'm going to kill them all.”
Troopers were called, searched the home, and took a high-powered rifle.
According to court papers, Birtel's children took the rifle from them so they couldn't use it. The children are 20, 15, and 11. Along with two friends, they were able to get to safety thanks to the chain ladder.
No one was shot and when state police showed up, Birtel surrendered.
He's now behind bars facing assault, endangering the welfare of children, and other charges.
According to court papers, Birtel became combative while their children were trying to help them which led to the gunfire.
No one was hit and Birtel is locked up in the Wayne County Correctional Facility.
Recent studies have explored a range of possible causes. Suggestions have included a rise in oil and natural gas extraction, increased emissions from tropical wetlands or increases in emissions from growing East Asian economies.
However, a new paper by an international team of scientists in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) investigates an alternative possibility: a rise and fall in the concentration of the substance that destroys methane in the atmosphere, the hydroxyl radical.
Lead author, Dr Matt Rigby from the University of Bristol's School of Chemistry and Cabot Institute, said: "A change in the hydroxyl radical concentration would be a neat explanation for the changes in methane that we've seen.
"It would mean that emissions may not have increased suddenly in 2007, but rather, risen more gradually over the last couple of decades."
Since the global concentration of the hydroxyl radical cannot be measured directly, the team's findings were made by studying the rate at which the solvent methyl chloroform, which is also destroyed by hydroxyl, was removed from the atmosphere.
Professor Ron Prinn from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, who co-authored the paper and leads the Advanced Global Atmospheric Gases Experiment (AGAGE), an international project that measures greenhouse gas concentrations, said: "We have been monitoring trends in the methyl chloroform for nearly 40 years because of its role in depleting stratospheric ozone.
"Because methyl chloroform is now banned under the Montreal Protocol for the Protection of the Stratospheric Ozone Layer, we've see its concentration drop very rapidly.
"We can examine how this rate of decline changes from one year to the next to infer the hydroxyl radical concentration."
Dr Steve Montzka from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), who also co-authored the paper, and operates an independent measurement network for methylchloroform, added: "This paper re-examines some of the assumptions that had previously been made in studies of hydroxyl radical and methyl chloroform and shows how they influence our understanding of methane's atmospheric sink.
"To me, one of the main findings is that our objective analyses of two sets of observations tells essentially the same story, even as it becomes more and more difficult to measure methyl chloroform given that its concentration is approaching zero."
Dr Rigby added that there was still uncertainty remaining. They explained: "Whilst there are strong hints in our study that hydroxyl radical changes could be playing a significant role in the fluctuations in methane growth, our uncertainties are very large.
"In future, we need to think about new ways to reduce this uncertainty, if we are to truly understand changes in atmospheric methane."
The study also lead to a more certain, but unexpected finding: that emissions of methyl chloroform had not dropped to zero.
Dr Rigby said: "Because its production is now banned globally, we were expecting to see no emissions of this substance at all. However, we have very strong evidence that emissions are continuing."
The team are preparing a follow-up study that would determine where these emissions are originating. Meanwhile, they are continuing to monitor methane in the atmosphere, and are waiting to see whether its current rate of increase will continue.
###
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) - Generators are still humming. Candles are still flickering. Homes are still being repaired.
Puerto Rico was hit by Hurricane Maria exactly six months ago, and the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century.
"There are a lot of people with needs," said Levid Ortiz, operating director of PR4PR, a local nonprofit that helps impoverished communities across the island. "It shouldn't be like this. We should already be back on our feet."
Some 250 Puerto Ricans formed a line around them on a recent weekday, standing for more than two hours to receive bottles of water and a box of food at a public basketball court in the mountain town of Corozal. Many of those waiting were still without power, including 23-year-old Keishla Quiles, a single mother with a 4-year-old son who still buys ice every day to fill a cooler to keep milk and other goods cold amid rising temperatures.
"Since we're a family of few resources, we have not been able to afford a generator," they said. "It's been hard living like this."
Crews already have restored water to 99 percent of clients and power to 93 percent of customers, but more than 100,000 of them still remain in the dark. Justo Gonzalez, interim director for Puerto Rico's Electric Power Authority, said they expect the entire island to have power by May, eight months after the Category 4 storm destroyed two-thirds of the island's power distribution system - and just as the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season is about to start.
Gonzalez also pledged to inspect dozens of wooden and cement poles still leaning haphazardly across the island after a wooden telephone pole fell on a car. It killed an elderly couple on Sunday as they returned from a town fair in the mountains of western Puerto Rico. The deaths of Luis Beltran, 62, and Rosa Bosque, 60, have angered Puerto Ricans and raised concerns about the safety of people as they recover from the hurricane.
"It worries me because ... it can happen anywhere," Mayor Edwin Soto told The Associated Press, adding that crews were going to inspect poles across the mountain town of Las Marias to ensure they are in good condition.
Beltran's youngest sister, Migdalia Beltran, said their brother was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Maria hit, but that they moved back three months ago to be with family.
"He was No. 1," they said as their voice cracked and they began to cry. "He was the one who gave me support to keep going."
The storm caused an estimated $100 billion in damage, killed dozens of people and damaged or destroyed nearly 400,000 homes, according to Puerto Rico's government.
In the six months since the hurricane, more than 135,000 people have fled to the U.S. mainland, according to a recent estimate by the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York.
More than 40 percent of them settled in Florida, followed by Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York and Pennsylvania, the study found.
Meanwhile, those who stayed behind say they need more help.
The AP recently found that of the $23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico, only $1.27 billion for a nutritional assistance program has been disbursed, along with more than $430 million to repair public infrastructure. The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Administration also has spent more than $6 billion from its standing emergency fund.
Meanwhile, the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources issued a letter on Friday demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers explain why it is reducing the number of crews helping restore power when there are still people who remain in the dark.
"While we recognize that much progress has been made in restoring power to the majority of customers, the job is not done," the letter stated.
BALTIMORE (AP) — The CEO of Baltimore-based sports apparel company Under Armour is responding to criticism they received after calling President Donald Trump “an asset to the country.”
Kevin Plank wrote an open letter to Baltimore published as a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun Wednesday. They wrote that their choice of words during an interview with CNBC last week “did not accurately reflect my intent.” Three celebrities the company sponsors — basketball star Stephen Curry, actor Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson and ballerina Misty Copeland — were among those voicing concerns about their praise of Trump.
Plank says the company stands for equal rights and job creation and believes “immigration is a source of strength, diversity and innovation for global companies based in America.” They say the company opposes the president's travel ban.
0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
Ranbir Kapoor starrer Sanju has been released and shattering records at the box office. But many have a mutual complaint about things that should've been part of the film. We've filtered the best of them & believe the impact could've been much higher including these things.
From a firing that was done in 1982 to the Thackeray connection, let's take a look which was missed in the film.
1. Firing Of 82′
The film has highlighted the much known incident of 1993 bomb blasts but just over a decade ago there was a firing happened in Sanju's life. On 22nd May 1982, at night, there was a sudden chaos of gunshots in Mansion number 58 of Pali Hill. It was done by a heartbroken Sanjay Dutt. It has been revealed how they rushed through the compound of their mansion with a .22 bore rifle. Neighbors reported how they had rested their bare hands on the security wires and was totally unaware about the blood flow from them.
Scroll has also mentioned in their article how Sanjay Dutt sobbed & said, “Why are you all scared of me? I am not a drug addict! . . . I've given up on drugs!'” Their neighbours revealed how they were drunk & depressed by the breakup with Tina Munim. They shot their rifle in the air breaking windows of their own house as they also shattered the front window of their car. They ran to their house & when the police arrived they were nowhere to be found. They then agreed that a friend helped them to sneak them out.
2. The Thackeray Connection!
Whoever has followed the life of Sanju closely knows how the founder of Shiv Sena, Bal Thackeray was the biggest help in helping them to get the bail. When the Dutts were labelled as anti-nationals, the big boss Balasaheb Thackeray themselves took special interest in the case & got the government to include a state-level board in reviewing the TADA cases. Late Shri Sunil Dutt had revealed why they went to Bal Thackeray for help.
In an interview with Rajat Sharma, they said, “Bal Thackeray was my old friend & their party was ruling at that time. As Bal Thackeray used to say ‘The keys are with me' & if my son is sick I'll take them to a doctor. If he's having a political problem, I'll take them to a politician. That's why I went to Balasaheb Thackeray for help.”
3. Richa, Rhea & Trishala!
A well known fact about Sanju is how they got married not one, two but three times in their life. In October 1987, they got married to Richa Sharma, with whom they met first during the mahurat of one of their films. They have accepted how they fell for their simplicity and how they were different from other girls. Richa also skipped their filmy career for Sanjay Dutt once they got married.
It seemed the lady luck was missing from Sanju's life as they got diagnosed with cancer just after a year they got married. After 3 years, Richa came back to India & we see a mention of this in Yasser Usman's book ‘Sanjay Dutt: The Crazy Untold Story of Bollywood's Bad Boy'. Yasser wrote Sanjay Dutt was moved on by then. In an interview with Cineblitz Ena Sharma, sister of Richa, revealed how Sanju didn't even care to come at the airport to pick up Richa & Trishala.
In 1998, they got married to Rhea Pillai, who met them at at their lawyer, Mahesh Jethmalani's office. A spiritual person, instructor for Art Of Living, Sanjay Dutt found peace being with them But this too wasn't there for a long time as they both got divorced in 2005. Rhea went on to marry tennis champion Leander Paes & Sanju got married to Maanayata after that.
Dhaka: The death toll in the devastating floods in Bangladesh triggered following torrential rains has reached 151 as rescue teams continue to look for 10 people who remain missing, a disaster management official said on Thursday.
So far, 107 deaths have been reported from the Rangamati district, 35 in Chittagong, six in Bandarban, two in Cox`s Bazar and one in Khagrachhari, Bangladesh`s Disaster Management Director Reaz Ahmed told Efe news.
Didarul Alam, fire services chief for Rangamati district, said that in the last few hours, rescue workers have recovered the body of a woman, who had drowned, and also pulled out another two bodies from under the mud from different parts of the region.
Before the latest update, the death toll in the district, the worst affected, had stood at 104, Ahmed said.
Heavy downpour began lashing the country since last week and intensified between Tuesday and Wednesday, with Rangamati recording 343 mm (13.5 inches) of rain in 24 hours due to a persistent depression in the Bay of Bengal.
At this time of the year, southern Bangladesh is normally hit by tropical cyclones, some of which in previous years have caused widespread damage and claimed many lives.
By The Associated Press
Sunday
1. Duke (11-1) did not play. Next: vs. Evansville, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
2. Kansas (7-1) vs. No. 16 Arizona State. Next: at Nebraska, Saturday.
3. Michigan State (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Oakland, Saturday.
4. Villanova (10-0) beat La Salle 77-68. Next: at Temple, Wednesday.
5. Florida (6-3) did not play. Next: vs. Clemson, Saturday.
6. Wichita State (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Oklahoma, Saturday.
7. Texas A&M (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Savannah State, Wednesday.
8. Kentucky (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Virginia Tech, Saturday.
9. Notre Dame (8-2) did not play. Next: vs. Indiana, Saturday.
10. Miami (8-0) did not play. Next: at George Washington, Saturday.
11. North Carolina (9-1) did not play. Next: at No. 24 Tennessee, Sunday.
12. Gonzaga (7-2) at Washington. Next: vs. North Dakota, Saturday.
13. Xavier (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. ETSU, Saturday.
14. Minnesota (8-3) did not play. Next: vs. Drake, Monday.
15. Virginia (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Davidson, Saturday.
16. Arizona State (8-0) at No. 2 Kansas. Next: vs. Vanderbilt, Sunday.
17. Cincinnati (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Mississippi State, Tuesday.
18. West Virginia (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Coppin State, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
19. Seton Hall (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Saint Peter's, Tuesday.
20. TCU (10-0) did not play. Next: vs. Texas Southern, Monday, Dec. 18.
21. Purdue (9-2) vs. IUPUI. Next: vs. Butler, Saturday.
22. Nevada (8-2) did not play. Next: vs. Radford, Sunday.
23. Baylor (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Texas Southern, Thursday.
24. Tennessee (7-1) did not play. Next: vs. No. 11 North Carolina, Sunday.
25. Southern Cal (4-3) did not play. Next: vs. Santa Clara, Thursday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
click to enlarge Provided
Noah Jones performs at Prohibition on Wed. May 30 and Thurs. May 31.
Happy hump day, Charleston. We're here to help you get through this work week with some good news: In case you hadn't heard, Charleston Jazz has teamed up with Piccolo Spoleto and Prohibition, presenting free concerts at the restaurant every night for the rest of the fest, through June 9.Tonight, Wed. May 30, at 9 p.m. head to Prohibition to hear the sounds of the Noah Jones Quartet — a band featuring a 19-year-old CofC student, Jones, who doesn't classify their music into any one genre. They say, "If it's good music, it should be a part of the scene." The Wando High School jazz quartet opens for Jones. Robbie Madison takes the Prohibition stage at 9 p.m. on Thurs. May 31, performing music that has its roots in gospel, jazz, and classical styles. Madison sings, with Noah Jones on keyboards, Seth Monahan on guitar, Tim Khayat on bass, and Brandon Brooks on drums.On Fri. June 1 at 7 p.m., catch Maritime Electric , a Charleston-based brass band bringing all the funky of New Orleans to town. You'll see Todd Beals on trumpet, Jack Petit on saxophone, Bill McSweeney on trombone, Bryan Motte on guitar, Steve Sandifer on drums, and Chris Bluemel on tuba.Are you humming already — imagining these sweet tunes? Check the full lineup of artists online , and make your way to Prohibition.
TWO Tweed residents are on the adventure of a lifetime.
Experienced sailors Pat Miller and Bill Fenelon flew to Auckland over the weekend as part of a consortium to take over ownership of the former navy dive tender vessel HMNZS Manawanui.
The vessel, which had been decommissioned by the Royal New Zealand Navy, was handed over to the Major Projects Foundation, of which the Tweed sailors are members, on Monday, with the crew due to begin sailing it back to Newcastle, Australia, where it will undergo a total refit.
The HMNZS Manawanui. Contributed
Once completed, the vessel will be ready to begin their new life conserving maritime heritage and helping Micronesian communities.
"It's the classic friend of a friend story," Mr Miller said before departing.
"Demolition company Major Projects tendered for the vessel on behalf of a group of sailing mates with no real expectation of winning it.
"Bill Fenelon (now master of the vessel) and myself (crew member) were swept up in the project through our love of the sea and thirst for playing with big grey things that once went 'bang'."
But Mr Miller said the foundation, who the local lads are donating their time and skill to, had a serious project in mind.
"Throughout the south Pacific there are over 3000 shipwrecks in various stages of corrosion," they said.
"The group of mates had known of this for some time and have been working with researchers worldwide to determine how much oil is left. With that came the realisation that the threat to reefs and island state economies could be enormous. So the Major Projects Foundation was born to undertake the research and counter the threat."
Photos View Photo Gallery
The Tweed sailors will be joined by a crew of 15 experienced sailors who will drive the shop home.
Once refitted, the former HMNZS Manawanui (which translates as 'Big Heart') means will undertake a shake-down voyage up the Queensland coast before engaging with researchers and oceanographers in earnest.
But Mr Miller, who lives at Byrrill Creek and drove the marketing of this year's Murwillumbah Art Trail, lamented they would not be able to get the ship under the Condong Bridge for a visit to Murwillumbah as part of the festival next year.
"All the other bridges might be a problem too," they said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A General Election this year is likely to go down to the wire in the Cambridge constituency, following Theresa May's shock announcement this morning.
At the general election in 2015, sitting Lib Dem MP Julian Huppert lost out to Labour's Daniel Zeichner by just a few hundred votes.
The tally on the night was 18,646 to Mr Zeichner and 18,047 to Dr Huppert, a difference of 599.
Dr Huppert had been a popular MP, but Mr Zeichner had fought a strong campaign, and since becoming the city's representative at Westminister has worked hard to speak out on its behalf, including espousing the Remain side in the EU referendum and in subsequent parliamentary voting.
Last summer, Dr Huppert was selected to fight for the Cambridge seat again at the next General Election - which now turns out to be just a few weeks away.
They said at the time of their selection: “I hope we have a general election soon – the country and the city cannot go on like this."
On their Twitter site today, Dr Huppert said a "huge" number of people had contacted them "offering to help me win back Cambridge."
Mr Zeichner has not yet commented on Theresa May's announcement to call a snap election.
Monday, August 14, 2017
EGYPT: A reexamination of a 3,000-year-old prosthetic toe from Egypt is revealing that it is even more sophisticated than originally thought. The wooden prosthesis was discovered on a female mummy in 1997 in a tomb near ancient Thebes. The artificial toe's materials and design provided a surprising level of balance and movement, but the object's creator also strove to make it as aesthetically pleasing and lifelike as possible. Tests have shown that the device was readjusted over time to suit its owner. —Jason Urbanus
Panama City: Tropical storm Nate has killed 22 people in the Central American nations of Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Honduras as it battered the region with heavy rain ahead of hitting the US mainland later this week, the National Hurricane Centre (NHC) said.
A state of emergency was declared in the three countries where more than 20 people were also missing. The storm caused heavy rains, landslides and floods which blocked roads, destroyed bridges and damaged houses, BBC reported.
In Costa Rica, at least eight people were killed in the storm while nearly 400,000 were without running water. Thousands were sleeping in shelters. Another 11 died in Nicaragua where as much as 38 cm of rain had been predicted to fall by the NHC.
Three people were killed in Honduras, including two youths who drowned in a river, and several were reported missing. One man was reportedly killed in a mudslide in El Salvador, according to emergency services.
In Costa Rica, all train journeys were suspended and dozens of flights cancelled on Thursday. More than a dozen national parks popular with tourists had been closed. The storm also caused extensive damage to infrastructure in Nicaragua.
Nicaraguan Vice President Rosario Murillo advised people to be cautious. "Sometimes we think we can cross a river and the hardest thing to understand is that we must wait," they said on state radio. "It`s better to be late than not to get there at all."
Forecasters said the storm will gain strength and become a category 1 hurricane before it makes landfall on the southern coast of the US on Sunday.
Residents from Florida to Texas were told to prepare for the storm, which, if it does strike, it might be the third major storm to hit the southern coast this year.
Additionally, offshore oil and gas operators evacuated personnel from six of the 737 manned oil and natural gas production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico, according to the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement.
The State Street Corporation, a financial services company that put the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street to promote the importance of women working in corporate leadership roles, will pay $5 million after an investigation found that it underpaid female and black executives.
The company denies any wrongdoing but will pay as part of a settlement with the Department of Labor. Law360 reported on the payout earlier this week, and Bloomberg posted the text of the conciliation agreement online.
The Department of Labor investigation found "statistically significant" differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm, as well as between the compensation of black and white employees. The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for "legitimate factors," the Department of Labor says.
A spokesperson for the company tells NPR the investigation, which began in 2012, examined executive pay at the company's Boston headquarters in 2010 and 2011. In an official statement, the company says it "disagreed with" the findings of the investigation but "made a decision to bring this 6-year-old matter to resolution and move forward."
State Street is "committed to equal pay practices," the company's statement continued.
State Street Corporation commissioned the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street in honor of International Women's Day this year.
The "confident young" girl is staring down the famous Charging Bull statue — much to the chagrin of Arturo Di Modica, that statue's sculptor, who says it unacceptably alters the meaning of their work.
The statuary standoff gained a new participant for a few hours this spring, when a small pug statue lifted its leg beside the Fearless Girl's foot.
After installing the statue, State Street said the piece of art sent a "powerful message." "[O]ur goal was to raise awareness and drive a conversation around the need to improve gender diversity in corporate leadership roles," the company wrote. It also shared advice on how to increase the representation of women on corporate boards.
The statue had a mixed reaction from the start.
In March, NPR's Rose Friedman reported that some people were charmed by it, but others — like economist Sylvia Ann Hewlett — had fundamental objections. Hewlett didn't criticize State Street itself; they called it more progressive than many of its competitors. But the statue ...
"Please don't depict American womanhood as a cute 9-year-old," Hewlett told Rose. "The choice of portraying the fierce female as someone who is immature, as someone who hasn't tangled with the world, is a little bit of a travesty."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Wednesday called Roseanne Barr's racist tweet “inappropriate” and said “no one is defending” the comments before reading a prepared statement calling out media personalities for not apologizing to the White House for attacks on President Donald Trump.
“The President is simply calling out the media bias, no one is defending what they said,” Sanders said. “The President is the President of all Americans and he's focused on doing what is best for our country.”
WH: "No one is defending" what Roseanne Barr said about Valerie Jarrett. pic.twitter.com/p3DJ7j4tH5 — TPM Livewire (@TPMLiveWire) May 30, 2018
In response to news that ABC had cancelled the “Roseanne” reboot and called the Obama administration officials whom Barr attacked — Valerie Jarrett — to apologize for Barr's tweet, Trump made the debacle about him.
In a smug tweet, Trump questioned why the CEO of Disney (which owns ABC) had not called them to apologize for all the “HORRIBLE” things ABC had said about him.
The sell-out Hallowe'en tours at Peterhead Prison Museum didn't disappoint again this year with plenty of screams and thrills for those brave enough to venture through the Victorian gates.
There were plenty of surprises in store for the hundreds of blood-thirsty visitors to enjoy, with the Museum pulling out all the stops to ensure a fright night to remember.
Screaming, running at pace and complete and utter darkness were the order of the day for this year's tours, and with the last ones being held next week, we won't spoil it for you.
A word of warning though...be afraid, be very afraid!
Karol Renshaw Crouch, 75, Lenexa, KS, died January 10, 2018.
A memorial service was held January 16 in Fairway, KS and burial was in Miriam Cemetery, Maryville.
Donations may be made to the ALS Association Mid-American Chapter, 6950 Squibb Road, Mission, KS 66202.
A court in Kuwait on Monday sentenced a couple to death after finding them guilty of torturing their three-year-old daughter until they died, it said in a statement.
The parents, both Kuwaitis, were arrested in May and accused of beating and torturing the girl until they died and then keeping their body in a freezer for a week.
The court statement only gave the verdict but, according to media reports at the time of their arrest, they had been annoyed by their daughter's constant crying.
The father, 26-year-old Salem Buhan, and mother, 23-year-old Amira Hussein, were charged with murder after police found burn marks on the shoulders and legs of the toddler's body, according to the interior ministry.
The ministry also said they were drug addicts.
The verdict is not final as it must be reviewed by the appeals and supreme courts.
Executions in Kuwait are carried out by hanging.
Barring the execution of five men in mid-2013, the Gulf emirate has stopped executing people since 2007 although dozens of men and women are on death row.
AS lawyers for Ricardo Martinelli are trying to head off preventive detention in Panama by applying for bail for the ex-president when they are shipped back to Panama, The Miami attorney's office has filed a brief opposing bail while they are still in the USA.
They have been in a detention center cell since June 12, waiting to be extradited to Panama. The opposition was presented in the name of Jeff Sessions, US Attorney General e, whom Martinelli identifies as one of the defendants in their habeas corpus.
The judge has already spoken against the habeas corpus presented by Martinelli, which gives the green light to their extradition to Panama. The extradition was originally certified by Edwin Torres on August 31. The arguments put forward by prosecutor Adam Fels say there is a “substantial” risk of leakage and there are no special circumstances that justify their freedom on bail.
At a hearing held on January 23, Fels reminded Judge Marcia Cooke,of the Court of the Southern District of Florida, that Judge Torres ordered that Martinelli remains in federal custody until delivery to Panama. A week ago, Martinelli's attorneys requested bail from Cooke.
Last year, Judge Torres and the US Supreme Court denied bail to the ex-president, who remains at the Federal Detention Center in Miami.
The failure of positive train control to stop a Long Island Rail Road train during a recent test run in Port Washington has further set back the LIRR's efforts to have the federally-required crash prevention technology in place throughout its system by the end of the year, MTA officials said.
The $1 billion dollar system's inability to do precisely what it's supposed to — automatically bring to a halt a train that violates a stop signal — has raised new concerns about the program for MTA officials, who learned about the test failures during a Monday meeting of the agency's railroad committee.
According to MTA documents, the LIRR system failed 16 out of 52 tests during a trial run of the new technology on the railroad's Port Washington branch. Although the MTA's positive train control contractor continues to investigate the cause of the failures, MTA officials said they believe it stems from the complexity and density of the LIRR — the busiest commuter railroad in the United States.
Positive train control, also known as PTC, works by having radio transponders that are installed on tracks and on trains communicate with one another to automatically slow down or stop a train if it's going too fast, is about to hit another train or violates a signal. National Transportation Safety Board investigators have said PTC could have prevented several fatal train accidents in recent years, including the December 2013 derailment of a Metro-North train in the Bronx that killed four people.
The U.S. Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008, passed after a deadly commuter train crash in California, mandates that all railroads have positive train control in place by Dec. 31, 2018, or risk heavy federal fines.
But the federal Government Accountability Office last month issued a report saying that as many as two-thirds of all commuter railroads in the United States — including the LIRR — are at risk of missing the deadline.
MTA officials said the recent LIRR test failures have set back their efforts by another two months.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
With the prospect of having PTC fully in place throughout the LIRR, and sister railroad Metro-North, by the end of the year dimming, MTA officials said they are shifting their focus to meeting minimum standards to be compliant with the federal law. If the MTA can complete installation of PTC hardware, train all its employees, and have the technology operational on at least one railroad branch, it can receive another two-year extension to complete the project, the officials said.
Metro-North president Catherine Rinaldi said Monday they remain confident the MTA will achieve that goal.
“We fully expect to be compliant with the federal requirements by the end of the year. That has not wavered,” Rinaldi said. “It is our highest priority, and we're killing ourselves to get it done.”
Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan has been charged with rape and remanded in custody, a judicial source said, following claims by two women that they assaulted them in French hotel rooms. Ramadan, who was arrested by French police on Wednesday, was charged on Friday with rape and rape of a vulnerable person, the source said. They have denied the charges.
The accused is a Swiss citizen whose grandfather founded Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood movement.
After two days of questioning by investigators, the 55-year-old Oxford University professor was brought before three magistrates who have been assigned to the case, suggesting that they are facing an extensive investigation, judicial sources said.
They were remanded in custody pending a bail hearing, to be held within four days.
“If there are other victims in France or elsewhere, they now know that the justice system will respond to what has happened to them,” said Jonas Haddad, lawyer for feminist activist Henda Ayari, the first woman to accuse Ramadan.
Women who have testified anonymously during three months of preliminary investigations might now also file rape complaints, one of the sources said.
The claims against the prominent scholar, which emerged in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal in the United States, have divided many Muslims, with their legions of fans, as well as their lawyers, saying they are the victim of a smear campaign.
But critics have long suggested that despite Ramadan's moderate tone as a familiar face on television programmes, they preach a more radical line when addressing Muslims in Arabic.
Ramadan is the most high-profile figure to be held in France over the sexual assault and harassment claims that have rippled around the world as a result of the “Me Too” campaign.
The married father of four has denied the accusations from the two women.
– ‘Humiliations' –
The first was made by Ayari, a feminist activist who previously practised a conservative strain of Islam. They had described being raped in a book published in 2016, without naming them attacker.
But in October, they said they had decided to name Ramadan publicly as the alleged perpetrator as a result of the “Me Too” campaign, using the French hashtag “Balance Ton Porc” (Expose your pig).
They said Ramadan raped them in their hotel room in 2012, telling Le Parisien newspaper: “He choked me so hard that I thought I was going to die.”
They lodged a rape complaint against Ramadan on October 20.
Several days later an unidentified disabled woman, a Muslim convert, also accused the academic of raping them in a hotel room in the southeastern city of Lyon in 2009.
Vanity Fair magazine, which met the woman, said their lawsuit against Ramadan described “blows to the face and body, forced sodomy, rape with an object and various humiliations, including being dragged by the hair to the bathtub and urinated on”.
During three hours of testimony in Paris on Thursday, the woman — using the pseudonym “Christelle” — recounted their allegations to the judge in Ramadan's presence.
They also revealed that Ramadan had a small scar on their groin that would not have been noticed except in the case of close contact, a source said.
Rejecting their testimony, the scholar refused to sign the official summary of the account, sources close to the case said.
“Both sides maintained their positions,” one of the sources said.
– ‘Campaign of lies' –
During three months of investigations since the allegations emerged, police have interviewed dozens of people close to both Ramadan and the two women, and examined email and social media exchanges between them.
In November, Oxford University said Ramadan was taking a leave of absence from their post as professor of contemporary Islamic studies, “by mutual agreement”.
They have also denied allegations in Swiss media of sexual misconduct against teenage girls in the 1980s and 1990s, denouncing them as “a campaign of lies launched by my adversaries”.
Lawyers for Ramadan have accused Ayari of slander and suggested the women colluded to try to disgrace him.
As part of their defence, they have presented investigators with Facebook conversations in which a woman identified as Ayari allegedly made explicit advances towards them in 2014, two years after the alleged rape.
The accusations have sparked heated online debate between supporters of Ramadan, who commands a following of more than two million fans on Facebook, and their opponents.
Despite their leave of absence from Oxford, Ramadan continues to head the Islamic Institute for Ethical Training in France.
Ayari was placed under police protection in November after receiving death threats.
AMESBURY, England — British counterterrorism police were investigating Wednesday after two people were left in critical condition, exposed to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and their daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force declared a "major incident" after a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious Saturday at a residential building in Amesbury, eight miles from Salisbury, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4.
Friends named the couple as Dawn Sturgess, 44, and Charlie Rowley, 45. Police did not release their names, but confirmed their ages and said they were British nationals from the area.
London's Metropolitan Police force said that "given the recent events in Salisbury," counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation. British media reported that samples of the mystery substance were sent to the Porton Down defense research laboratory for testing.
Police cordoned off a home and other places the pair visited before falling ill, including a nearby church and a pharmacy, but health officials said there was not believed to be a wider risk to the public.
A major incident is a designation allowing British authorities to mobilize more than one emergency agency.
The emergency services' response echoes that in the case of the Skripals, whose illness initially baffled doctors after they were found unconscious on a park bench in Salisbury. Scientists at Porton Down concluded they had been poisoned with Novichok, a type of nerve agent developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals, a claim Moscow strongly denies. The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The two Amesbury victims were being treated at Salisbury District Hospital, where the Skripals spent weeks in critical condition.
Police said authorities initially believed the latest victims might have taken a contaminated batch of heroin or crack cocaine.
"However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill," said Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills. "At this stage it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed. "
One line of inquiry is whether they came into contact with residue from the Novichok used to poison the Skripals.
Sergei Skripal, 67, is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the United Kingdom as part of a 2010 prisoner swap. They had been living quietly in Salisbury, a cathedral city 90 miles southwest of London, when they were struck down along with their 33-year-old daughter, Yulia, who was visiting him.
Residents of the street at the center of the Amesbury investigation — in a quiet neighborhood of newly built houses and apartments — said they had received little information about the unknown substance from authorities.
"Amesbury's a lovely place — it's very quiet, uneventful," said Rosemary Northing, who lives a couple of hundred yards away from the cordoned-off building. "So for this to happen, and the media response and the uncertainty, it's unsettling."
Neighbors said police cars and fire engines descended on the home late Saturday. Student Chloe Edwards said they saw people in "green suits" — like those worn by forensics officers — and their family was told to stay inside their home for several hours.
"We wanted to know what happened. And with the Russian attack happening not long ago, we just assumed the worst," said Edwards.
Among the sites cordoned off was a Baptist church where the victims attended a community event on Saturday. Church secretary Roy Collins said about 200 people were at the neighborhood event, but "nobody else has suffered any ill-effects."
Police from 40 departments in England and Wales had just returned home in June after months of working on the Skripals' poisoning. Wiltshire Police spent about $10 million dealing with the aftermath of the poisoning and believe that Skripal's front door was contaminated with the nerve agent.
Doctors who treated the Skripals say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still don't know what the long-term prognosis is.
The Skripals have been taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
(AP Photo | Steve Helber) Rescue personnel help injured people after a car ran into a large group of protesters after an white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. The nationalists were holding the rally to protest plans by the city of Charlottesville to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. There were several hundred protesters marching in a long line when the car drove into a group of them.
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC), told Fox News on Tuesday that after attending the President Trump-mandated classified Justice Department briefing last week, he's “convinced” the FBI acted correctly in deploying an informant to meet with Trump campaign officials.
“I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Trump,” they said Tuesday evening.
.@TGowdySC: "I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got, and that it has nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump." #TheStory pic.twitter.com/hD35CyMzx4 — Fox News (@FoxNews) May 29, 2018
The senior House Republican on the Intelligence Committee also said that after sitting in on the classified meeting, they think the FBI was actually just following directives from Trump himself.
“It looks to me like the FBI was doing what President Trump said: ‘I want you to do, find it out,'” Gowdy told Fox News. “President Trump themselves in the Comey memos said, ‘If anyone connected with my campaign was working with Russia, I want you to investigate it.' Sounds to me like that was exactly what the FBI did.”
Gowdy's comments represent a small rift among Republicans who don't align with Trump's reaction to reports that an FBI informant met with officials on their campaign during the election. Just last week, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-NC) appeared to break with the President as well, contending that an “informant is not a spy.”
Trump and their allies have seized on reports of the informant to perpetuate the narrative that a “spy” infiltrated their campaign. Deeming the whole ordeal “spygate,” Trump is convinced the news solidifies their belief in a “deep state” within the Justice Department working to undermine him.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE A fight broke out Tuesday, Oct. 3, at Caesar Rodney High School. Provided
Video captures a Caesar Rodney High School special needs student being beating Tuesday. (Photo: PROVIDED)
A parent and an advocate of a Caesar Rodney High School special needs student whose beating Tuesday was captured on cellphone video want to know why the school has not taken further action to protect the boy.
"The school is doing nothing and they have suspended my son," said the mother of the 14-year-old boy who was beaten.
Both the mother and advocate, Diane Eastburn, said they will appeal the in-school suspension the boy received for using foul language.
Caesar Rodney School District officials could not be immediately reached Friday morning for comment on the incident.
"The school has downplayed this," said Eastburn, a Kent County parent who represents families who have students with disabilities.
On Sept. 19, the boy was making their way toward some girls at the school when they were confronted by a Caesar Rodney High School student and told not to harass the girls, Eastburn said.
The two boys exchanged some words and it ended there with the boy speaking to the girls and the student walking away, they said.
On Tuesday, the boy was sitting in a cafeteria booth with three girls, Eastburn said. That's when the same student from Friday walked up to them again and more words were exchanged.
The mother, and Eastburn, both admit that the boy used the word "bitch," when the other boy was egging them on. But shortly after that, Eastburn and the mother said the student walked away and the son remained seated with the girls.
The boy thought nothing more, figuring it ended like Friday's incident.
But shortly after that, the student attached the boy from behind and continued punching him, forcing the boy out of the booth and onto the cafeteria floor, where the student kept punching.
The boy's parents asked the high school for video of the incident, but were told by officials that they did not have any in that area, Eastburn said. The boy's parents were left to believe that the incident was not that severe and that the other boy might be charged with offensive touching.
State police confirmed an incident between a 15-year-old boy and a 14-year-old student occurred in the high school cafeteria about 12:35 p.m. Tuesday.
"The students exchanged words just prior to the 15-year-old student punching the 14-year-old male student," said Master Cpl. Gary Fournier, a state police spokesperson. "The 15-year-old male student was issued a criminal summons for offensive touching and released to a parent."
On Thursday, the boy's mother was contacted by another parent and told that their child had shown them a cellphone recording of the incident. The video was forwarded to the mother via Facebook messenger.
"So yesterday they see the video and obviously it's much more horrific than the school wanted to portray," Eastburn said.
The video, which was provided to The News Journal, shows the 15-year-old boy repeatedly punching the younger boy in the back of the head. The younger boy is on the cafeteria floor and is not fighting back in the 13-second clip.
This is a developing story. Check back with delawareonline.com for more information.
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/10/06/video-shows-special-needs-student-being-beaten-delaware-high-school/739147001/
Harare - Plans for a new R12 bn university to be built and named in honour of former president Robert Mugabe have been put on ice and are unlikely to be revived.
Zimbabwe already has 14 so-called universities, but ‘degrees' from most of them are largely unrecognised outside Zimbabwe, as educational standards crashed over the last 25 years.
The Robert Mugabe University project was announced just three months before the Zimbabwe military launched a soft coup last November, and a week later Mugabe retired as parliament began procedures to impeach him.
Former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, who had been sacked from their post a month earlier, was then sworn into office.
Higher and Tertiary Education minister Amon Murwira, appointed by Mnangagwa, told NewsDay newspaper in Harare this week, that the Mugabe university “was not a priority.” They said the government was looking at supporting university projects in other parts of the country.
The cabinet approved the proposed Mugabe university after the project was launched by the so-called G40 faction within Zanu PF which was heavily supported by former first lady Grace Mugabe.
The university was due to be built on Mugabe property in the Mazowe district, about 40 km west of Harare, in the heart of Grace Mugabe's farming empire.
It is here, in this district, that Grace Mugabe has, since 2002, launched several projects including construction of two large and expensive schools, more than 30 houses, and an orphanage. They rebuilt and expanded a sophisticated dairy, and also runs several well-equipped, sophisticated commercial farms all of which were taken from whites and a local black-owned company.
The two-storey schools were officially opened by Robert Mugabe in 2013, and are named after their wife, Grace.
Earlier this year the education ministry ceased paying about R2 m subsidies for 18 students for mathematics and science studies at the Grace Mugabe high school, saying it would no longer fund extra tuition for pupils at private schools and would divert the cash to public schools.
The schools Grace Mugabe built, one senior and one for primary school learners, charge about R40 000 fees per term. In April the schools' administrators said it had 19 teachers between the two schools, but admitted its pupil numbers were reducing since Mugabe left office.
The schools have other extra expenses to cope with, as the police, which used to guard all the Mugabe family's properties, including the schools, were withdrawn shortly after Mnangagwa was sworn into office. So now the schools have to provide their own security.
After they were pushed from power, Robert Mugabe's eldest nephew, Leo, said their uncle was looking forward to becoming a full-time farmer, and they praised Grace Mugabe. "I like the spirit they have … they are with them all the time.  They are an amazing person. They want to continue planning the Robert Mugabe University so they have something to do.”
It has never been clear where Grace Mugabe secured cash or loans for their expensive projects and for other properties they bought in Zimbabwe recently and their R43 million home they bought in Sandhurst, Johannesburg last year.
Kuala Lumpur: Leaders of Malaysia`s ruling party have condemned violence that erupted at a forum where former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad was speaking, as political tension rises ahead of a general election that could be called in coming months.
One opposition leader accused Prime Minister Najib Razak of "gangsterism" to keep Mahathir quiet after some people at the Sunday meeting threw shoes, chairs and flares at Mahathir, who has made it their mission to unseat Najib over their handling of the multi-billion dollar scandal involving a state fund.
Mahathir, 92, was not hurt, their aide said.
Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said differences of opinion did not give anyone license to act violently.
"As a country that practices democracy, such an incident should not have happened," Ahmad Zahid was quoted as saying in the Star daily newspaper on Monday.
Mahathir, who served as prime minister for 22 years until they stepped down in 2003, chairs a fractured opposition alliance hoping to unseat the long-ruling government coalition in election due by next year.
Mahathir has offered to head a government again if the opposition wins.
Some opposition leaders allied with Mahathir accused Najib of orchestrating the violence. A deputy president of the People`s Justice Party, Azmin Ali, said in a statement the Prime Minister had resorted to "gangsterism".
A senior member of Najib`s United Malay National Organisation, who is also a government minister, Salleh Said Keruak, said such accusations were "unhealthy" for politics.
"Remember that gangster politics is not part of our political culture," Salleh said in a statement.
Another government minister, Khairy Jamaluddin, condemned the violence in a Twitter message saying it "cannot be tolerated".
Media reported that police had detained two people.
Mahathir has been a prominent critic of their former protege Najib over the scandal-ridden state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB).
Najib denies wrongdoing.
1MDB is the subject of money-laundering investigations in at least six countries. The US Justice Department alleged in civil lawsuits that about $4.5 billion of funds were misappropriated from the fund.
The US Justice Department said in its latest court filing on Thursday it was conducting a criminal investigation of 1MDB and asked for a stay on civil lawsuits it had filed to seize assets allegedly bought with money stolen from the fund.
Najib denied taking money from 1MDB after it was reported that investigators traced nearly $700 million to their bank accounts. Authorities cleared them of any wrongdoing, saying the money was a donation from Saudi Arabia.
Hydrogen peroxide, or H2O2, is one of the most common household disinfectants around, and its possible uses are vast. While most people know that this handy household product is good for sanitizing cuts, this liquid actually also has countless powerful oxidizing properties that can be used for everything from whitening to styling.
One Instagram user, @wiredbrainmedia, recently shared a cute photo of how they (and their child) clean with it. The caption reads: “Who says helping mommy clean has to be boring?” Based on their hashtags, it looks like she's using hydrogen peroxide and baking soda to clean them stovetop!
Get ready to have your mind blown with these 13 super easy ways to incorporate hydrogen peroxide in all areas of your life:
1. Get Rid Of Bad Breath
Sometimes, a good brushing isn't enough to get rid of bad breath. The trick? Gargle hydrogen peroxide diluted with water in your mouth once a week to kill the unhealthy organisms that may be causing your stinky breath. Don't use it any more often than that, though, as you don't want the chemical to kill the good bacteria in your mouth as well.
2. Change Your Hair Color
Gradually lighten your hair color by mixing equal parts hydrogen peroxide and water in a spray bottle. Spray the solution into your hair, comb through with a brush and wait for it to dry. Do this daily and you'll have lighter hair in no time.
3. Tackle An Ear Infection
Use hydrogen peroxide drops to deal with your ear infection. This can help to clear out the infection and any blockages in your ear.
4. Clean Your Fruits And Veggies
Need to clean the bacteria off of your produce? Spritz some food-grade hydrogen peroxide on them. Or fill a bowl with cold water and hydrogen peroxide to wash your produce by hand. Be sure to rinse thoroughly.
5. Whiten Your Teeth
In addition to using hydrogen peroxide as an effective mouthwash, you can also turn it into a toothpaste by mixing it with baking soda. Peroxide acts as a bleaching agent, so you'll notice whiter teeth immediately.
6. Wash Your Toilet Bowl
Disinfect your toilet bowl by pouring in a half cup of hydrogen peroxide. Let it stand for twenty minutes and then scrub out the bowl with a toilet brush and flush.
7. Say Goodbye to Caked-On Food
To get rid of caked-on-food stuck to your kitchenware, combine baking soda and hydrogen peroxide so they form a paste. Then, rub that onto the dirty pots and pans that are giving you a hard time. Let sit and easily scrub it away with warm water. The baking soda acts as an abrasive while the peroxide helps to break down the particles.
8. Sanitize Your Cutting Board
Hydrogen peroxide cleans and removes stains from wood and plastic cutting boards. To sanitize, pour the solution directly onto the board. Proceed to scrub with a clean sponge and let it sit until it starts to fizz. Rinse.
9. Clean Kids' Toys
Kids' toys harbor plenty of germs. To avoid spreading them, wipe down unsanitary toys and play areas with hydrogen peroxide, a safe cleaning agent that will keep everyone healthy and happy.
10. Pamper Your Feet
Mix together a one-to-one ratio of hydrogen peroxide and water in a soaking bowl and submerge your feet. You'll come away with soft calluses, diminished foot fungus and cleaner feet.
11. Remove Stains
Hydrogen peroxide can take care of even the most awful stains. Once you've blotted the problem area, pour some solution directly onto the stain and let it sit for a few minutes (or longer for tougher stains). Proceed to rub and wipe with a clean cloth. You'll want to test it on a section of the material first, as hydrogen peroxide can sometimes leave its own stain behind.
12. Help Your Plants Grow
Did you know that H2O2 is naturally occurring in rainwater? Sometimes, rainfall picks up extra oxygen from the atmosphere, which then converts it into H2O2. This is what promotes the growth of plants. Try soaking your plant seeds in hydrogen peroxide to simulate rainwater. Use 1 ounce of peroxide for every two cups of water and soak overnight.
13. Disinfect Reusable Bags
If you're shopping with reusable bags to help the environment, great job! Just make sure you spray some hydrogen peroxide on the fabric every now and then to disinfect it and get rid of food odors.
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Rabbi David Reiner submitted the following message to The Press which they shared with their congregation at Shir Shalom following Wednesday's discovery of anti-Semitic graffiti in Ballard Park:
It saddens me to share another incident involving racist graffiti in our community. I was informed by the Ridgefield Police Department that there were a number of racist symbols and slurs found at Ballard Park this morning, June 14, 2017, including symbols and statements of antisemitism as well as language targeting African Americans and others. The graffiti was documented by the police and has been removed by the Ridgefield Parks and Recreation Department. There was no specific reference or threat to our congregation or our members. Nevertheless, this is a disappointing and troubling incident and we continue to review and improve our security procedures in consultation with local authorities.
I have met with an officer from Ridgefield Police Department and I am confident that they are taking this incident seriously and will conduct a thorough investigation. I am also reaching out to the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center, national organizations that offer support and keep track of similar incidents.
As I think about this latest incident I am sad but not scared, upset but not pained. This is hurtful and offensive, but it will not keep me away Ballard Park this summer, where I will enjoy CHIRP concerts and play with our toddler. Whether the graffiti was motivated by ignorance, arrogance, or animus, I remain hopeful for a brighter future. Leonard P. Zakim, a religious and civil rights leader, wrote in Confronting Anti-Semitism: A Practical Guide “As with other forms of bigotry, anti-Semitism ignored or tolerated behaves like a slow cancer: if untreated, it will grow…” Ignoring this incident or dismissing it with the rationalization that “kids will be kids” will permit bigotry, hatred, ignorance, and intolerance to fester in our midst. As I wrote to you in March following a similar incident at Ridgefield High School, “Installing more cameras will not remove hatred or ignorance from the hearts and minds of the perpetrators.”
We must hope and work for a brighter future when ignorance has been replaced by knowledge, bigotry replaced by love and caring.
Today, on Flag Day, we salute the national symbol that embodies our motto of E Pluribus Unum, out of many, one. The stars and stripes come together to represent the unity of our nation, and remind me that our nation is a beacon of hope and freedom where inclusion and caring ultimately overcome bigotry and intolerance.
This week's Torah portion, Sh'lach L'cha (Numbers 13-15) includes an account of the Israelites, feeling dejected in the midst of their wilderness wanderings, clamoring to return to their past lives in Egypt. The Israelites cry out “If only we had died in the land of Egypt!” (Numbers 14:2). The editors of Eitz Hayim Torah Commentary observe, “A sense of helplessness, a feeling of inadequacy, and inability to deal with one's problems can lead to a person's giving up…In contrast, a sense of hope in the possibility of a brighter future, a belief that God can help us to do what we find hard to do unaided, can banish that sense of futility…” (Eitz Hayim: Torah and Commentary, page 845). When confronted with another anonymous incident we may feel inadequate and perceive that responding is futile, especially if we struggle to place blame. But our best response is to confront hatred and ignorance and to work together with a sense of hope for a brighter future. Following the swastika graffiti in Ballard Park in November, many came together to reclaim that space and fill the sidewalks with symbols of love and peace that endured far longer than a swastika quickly washed away. This summer let us come together in Ballard Park and again reclaim that space, confronting bigotry and intolerance with our presence, celebrating life and filling the park with joy and hope for a brighter future. Let us come together as a community this summer to celebrate Shabbat, to show that our Jewish community is strong and not afraid, to pray for a time when every day is filled with hope, knowledge, and peace.
I look forward to seeing you in Ballard Park and at our synagogue this summer.
With warm wishes,
Rabbi David L. Reiner
Fri 85°F 75°F FORECAST Partly cloudy skies with a 30% chance of showers today, Partly cloudy skies with cloudy spells and a 30% chance of showers tonight. WINDS East to northeast at 10 to 15 knots. SEA STATE Moderate with wave heights of 3 to 5 feet.
Sat 85°F 74°F FORECAST Partly cloudy skies with a 30% chance of showers. WINDS East to northeast at 15 to 20 knots. SEA STATE Rough with wave heights of 4 to 6 feet.Small craft should caution over the open water.
Sun 85°F 75°F FORECAST Mainly fair skies with a 20% chance of morning showers. WINDS East to northeast at 10 to 15 knots with higher gust during the daytime. SEA STATE Moderate with wave heights of 3 to 5 feet.
Mon 85°F 74°F FORECAST Mainly sunny skies with a 20% chance of morning showers. WINDS Northeast at 10 to 15 knots. SEA STATE Slight to moderate with wave heights of 2 to 4 feet.
Tue 85°F 74°F FORECAST Mainly sunny skies with a 20% chance of morning showers. WINDS East to northeast at 15 to 20 knots. SEA STATE Seas will be moderate to rough with wave heights of 4 to 6 feet. A Small craft should exercise caution over the open waters.
A WOMAN in their 60s has allegedly been attacked by an American soldier in the car park of Brisbane's Enoggera Army Barracks.
The victim was dragged from their car and assaulted by the 20-year-old Marine about 3.15pm on Tuesday, police say.
Military police along with an off-duty Queensland Police officer intervened and arrested the man, with the off-duty police officer also allegedly assaulted during the scuffle.
The woman, who is understood to be an Australian public servant, sustained serious injuries and was treated in hospital before being released.
Police said the man and woman were not known to each other and it wasn't known what sparked the attack.
The Defence department says it's providing support to the woman following the assault.
The American national has been charged with multiple offences including serious assault in relation to a person over 60, assaulting police and causing wilful damage in relation to the woman's car.
He's due to face Brisbane Magistrates Court on July 18.
Sheryl Crow is known for using music as a way to talk about difficult subjects and they proved that once again on Monday with the release of an emotionally charged new song called "The Dreaming Kind." The tune pays tribute to the 26 children and adults who lost their lives at Sandy Hook Elementary, five years after the school shooting.
"The Dreaming Kind" honors them while also raising awareness for Sandy Hook Promise, a foundation led by several of the families who lost loved ones during the Newtown, Conn., mass shooting that aims to reduce gun violence and prevent gun-related deaths.
“When Sandy Hook happened, we knew it was a life-changing moment where we were going to address the idea that not everyone should be approved to own a gun, especially military-style weaponry and yet, nothing happened,” Crow told People. “At some point, the alarm clock has to go off and we have to wake up.”
.@sherylcrow has written and recorded a special song to benefit @SandyHook Promise and their initiative to protect children from gun violence. https://t.co/hNgiFKhAjG
For more information, visit https://t.co/NhHIUjY5ut pic.twitter.com/PmyXpzYatG — Good Morning America (@GMA) December 11, 2017
Crow said the new song came together after they chose to work with Sandy Hook Promise to work for better gun regulation with regard to mental health.
“It seemed to give purpose to my writing,” they said.
This project and purpose isn't something she's tackling alone. Them 12-year-old niece Ava lends their voice to the song and asks, “Could you imagine it / if love was blind / If on this earth everybody was kind.”
RELATED: Sheryl Crow on the Simple Change That Transformed Them Life
Crow's nephews Bradley, 19, and Chase, 17, Crow sings on the chorus, and Sheryl said they will be explaining the purpose of the song to their own kids, Wyatt, 10, and Levi, 7.
“I'm going to have to explain to them that at school, before this, it was a place you went that was safe,” they said. “I'm sure it will be a conversation that we will continue to have for as long as this is happening.”
If you want to support the Sandy Hook Promise and Crow's message, you can download the song here for any price you name, or donate to Sandy Hook Promise's website directly.
Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.
Mayor Kenney is applauded by fellow politicians and city workers March 1 as they present their 2018 budget, including a property tax hike. The city's big bet on U.S. stocks helped its retirement investments last year, but pension funding will still consume 15 percent of the city budget. Pennsylvania public school teachers' separate pension plan missed out on U.S. stock gains and earned lower profits, forcing an increase in funding from Philadelphia, suburban, and upstate taxpayers.
Last year's rising stock market boosted public retirement plans, easing pressure on taxpayers who had been paying more each year since the early 2000s to keep the retirements funds from running low on cash.
The benchmark Standard & Poor's index of the stock of 500 large U.S. companies rose 22 percent last year, a fat return on every dollar invested. Some foreign stock markets did even better.
The pension plans didn't do that well, because they don't own just stocks. They own bonds, the best of which keep their value in market crises, despite low returns. Big pension plans pump billions into buyout, hedge, venture capital, and real estate funds, whose managers grow rich on high fees, with mixed results for their investors.
After paying costs and fees:
The $5 billion Philadelphia Board of City Pensions posted calendar-year 2017 returns of 15.4 percent
The $29 billion Pennsylvania State Employees' Retirement System (SERS) was close behind, at 15.1 percent.
The $77 billion New Jersey Division of Investment clocked just under 15 percent.
The $55 billion Pennsylvania Public School Employees' Retirement System (PSERS) returned 12.3 percent, trailing the pack.
Why this matters to your wallet: The more a fund makes from its investments, the less it has to raise from taxpayers. SERS did well enough last year that it was able to reduce the surcharge it collects from the state on public worker pay for next year, to 32 cents on every $1 of state wages, down from 33 cents last year, after steady increases since the early 2000s. (Public workers pay smaller amounts through payroll deductions.)
But PSERS, which was less profitable, had to boost its yearly surcharge once again, to 33.4 cents per dollar, up from 32.6 cents. That charge is split by state taxpayers and school district property owners.
Why do pension returns vary? Philadelphia, last year's top performer, had 30 percent of its $5 billion invested in U.S. stocks, its favorite investment category. SERS bet almost as much — 26 percent. By contrast, PSERS had just 7 percent in U.S. stocks; the plan invested more in foreign stocks, real estate, private-equity funds that buy small companies, junk bonds, and other high-rate debt, and hedge funds — most of which returned less than stocks, even after PSERS paid private investors nearly half a billion dollars in fees (plus additional manager profits).
Why is PSERS stock-shy? Since the 2008-09 financial crisis that briefly cut stock values by nearly half, PSERS has a policy “to reduce equity risk should another downturn occur,” spokesperson Evelyn Williams told me.
By contrast, the Philadelphia plan, after ditching high-fee hedge funds two years ago due to poor performance, has focused more on U.S. stocks, and profited from the bull market, while it lasts.
Gov. Wolf, State Treasurer Joe Torsella, and other Democrats, and some Republicans, have argued that more public money ought to be invested in low-fee stock and bond index funds. Philadelphia and the Pennsylvania funds have in recent years emphasized low-fee indexed investments, managed by state employees or by private managers.
A few of Pennsylvania's county pension funds have gone further, firing most of their outside money managers and buying Vanguard Group index funds.
How'd that go? In Montgomery County, $530 million managed by Vanguard Group (almost 90 percent) and by Oaks-based SEI Corp. posted net returns estimated at 14.7 percent, slightly behind Philadelphia, SERS and PSERS.
In Western Pennsylvania, the $200 million Butler County Employees' Retirement Plan, which fired private managers in 2009-10 and replaced them mostly with 13 different Vanguard Group index funds, reported 13.9 percent returns for the year, beating Pennsylvania teachers but trailing the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey funds by more than a percentage point.
While Butler and Montgomery Counties are mostly in Vanguard index funds, their other investments diverged. Montco's SEI funds last year outperformed the Vanguard funds, driving total returns higher. (In earlier years, the SEI funds, which include some “alternative investments,” trailed the Vanguard returns.)
Butler invested $22 million, close to 20 percent of its total, with a private New York investment manager called Twin Capital, founded by an ex-Pennsylvanian, Muhlenberg College grad David J. Simon. Twin Capital returns for 2017 trailed the S&P 500 and the Vanguard stock index funds, lowering Butler's returns compared with what stock-index managers would have done.
Why bother with Twin Capital? Plan overseers believe the firm's “low-volatility strategy” of owning big, stable stocks gives the fund “less exposure” to stock market losses, Butler County Controller Benjamin Holland told me. They questioned the wisdom of one-year comparisons: “They are useless! Even three years barely scratches the surface.”
So here are longer-term averaged annual returns, with top returns for each category in bold:
PSERS: 3 years (from the start of 2015 through 2017), 6.9 percent; 5 years (2013-17), 7.6 percent; 10-years (2008-17), 4.2 percent
SERS: 3 years, 7.2 percent; 5 years, 8.3 percent; 10 years, 4.1 percent
NJDI: 3 years, 7.4 percent; 5 years, 8.7 percent; 10 years, 5.5 percent (the 10-year data is for fiscal year ended June 30)
Philadelphia: 3 years, 6.2 percent; 5 years, 7.5 percent; 10 years, 5.0 percent
Butler County: 3 years, 7.1 percent; 5 years, 9.2 percent; 10 year, 6.9 percent.
Montgomery County: 3 years, 7.3 percent. (The county went all-index in 2014; I'll add longer-term results when county officials produce them).
All these funds trailed the S&P 500, which yielded 11.4 percent over the last three years, 15.8 percent over the last five years, and 8.5 percent over the last 10 years, which includes the big 2008 drop.
What difference does a percentage point or two make? A lot, when you're a state investing billions for teachers, legislators, prison guards, and social workers.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The IDF is getting seriously into public relations with timely reports on Twitter. I thought readers might find this one with video of successful strikes on targets inside Gaza yesterday of particular interest. It's got a satisfying motif backed by a tense soundtrack. Hamas terrorists lost a few ordnance depots and other means of destruction in the operation that, according to the video, hit some 65 targets throughout Gaza.
This video shows some of the terror targets that the IDF struck during the last 24 hours pic.twitter.com/ImvH1iczwn — IDF (@IDFSpokesperson) May 30, 2018
NOTE TO FOX NEWS: By contrast with the propaganda disseminated by “the Gaza Health Ministry,” I think we can rely on the accuracy of the information provided.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — The Panthers were determined not to let quarterback Case Keenum get comfortable in the pocket.
They succeeded in that mission Sunday.
Carolina turned up the heat on the Vikings upstart quarterback, sacking Keenum six times and forcing two interceptions and a fumble to earn an important 31-24 victory that helped the Panthers pull even with the New Orleans at 9-4 in the NFC South. Keenum spent most of the day on the run or looking over their shoulder, never really sure where the next pass rusher was coming from.
“The guys up front did a great job with the game plan, mixing it up, throwing some blitzes in there to kind of keep them guessing,” linebacker Thomas Davis said. “And we did a good job on the back end disguising it a little bit and giving our defensive line a chance to get to the quarterback. Give those guys a chance to get there and they're going to do well.”
The Panthers also moved their cornerbacks up to the line of scrimmage.
“We wanted to be physical with them, get them up to press and move into it late, show one thing, do something different,” coach Ron Rivera said.
It all led to what Keenum described as a frustrating day.
“I mean, they're really good,” Keenum said of the Panthers sixth-ranked defense. “They did a really great job of stopping the run all day, and obviously disrupting the things pass game as well.”
The Vikings were without starting center Pat Elflein and right tackle Mike Remmers to start the game, then lost left tackle Riley Reiff to a left ankle injury in the second half.
Reiff had their foot in a boot after the game.
“That's why we need players to come in and perform,” Vikings coach Mike Zimmer said.
The Panthers took full advantage, bringing relentless pressure against the Vikings, blitzing early and often to throw Keenum off their mark. On occasion, they would tuck the ball and run for first downs. But more often than not, the Panthers forced them into taking a sack or throwing the ball away.
Mario Addison's strip sack led to a Carolina field goal.
Kawann Short had two sacks, Julius Peppers, Luke Kuechly and Kyle Love and Addison all had one. Both starting cornerbacks James Bradberry and Daryl Worley turned in their first interceptions of the season while safety Mike Adams recovered a fumble as seemingly everyone contributed on defense.
Keenum entered the game 8-2 as a starter this season and there was some talk of them being an MVP candidate.
But they aren't happy with their own play after Sunday's game.
“I know that a lot of sacks are on me,” Keenum said. “We got out of a few and made some good plays, but they got to the quarterback a few times. I have to look at film and see how I'm moving in the pocket and how I adjust, and maybe get the ball out a little quicker.”
Carolina came into the game tied for fifth in the league in sacks.
The biggest came from Short after a change of possession late in the fourth quarter.
The Panthers, who hadn't trailed all game, led by 11 midway through the fourth quarter. But after giving up a 52-yard touchdown pass to Adam Thielen and a 2-point conversion that cut the lead to 34-31, Vikings safety Andrew Sendejo intercepted a tipped pass and returned the ball to the Carolina 6.
Just like that, the Vikings had a chance to steal the game.
But the Panthers responded by stuffing a run play, breaking up a pass in the end zone and with Short sacking Keenum for a 3-yard loss to force a field goal. Instead of taking the lead, the Vikings had to settle for a tie.
Carolina scored a touchdown on the next possession to secure the win.
“The mindset is something that we talk about all of the time,” Davis said. “When we get in those sudden change situations, we have to hold teams to field goals and take the ball away. It's drilled into your head (by the coaching staff) — field goals and takeaways, field goals and takeaways.”
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New York: In an astounding record-setting feat, global cryptocurrency and digital payment system Bitcoin has crossed the $4,000-threshold in value terms, a media report said.
The cryptocurrency, which has been in existence for only seven years, reached a new high of $4,224 (approximately Rs 270,642) to a Bitcoin on Sunday, CNET reported.
Bitcoin passed the $3,000-mark for the first time at the start of this month that also marked the split off of a new virtual currency called `Bitcoin Cash` from Bitcoin proper effective August 1.
The split was designed to deal with the growing popularity of Bitcoin, which was struggling to support an increasing number of transactions using existing blockchain technology, the report said.
PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry President Gopal Jiwarajka, in a bid to boost digital economy, said Bitcoins can act as a potential transaction and payment mechanism for businesses.
However, Bitcoins are fraught with risks in the absence of proper monitoring and regulatory framework for the currency.
"Absence of the information about counterparties in the bitcoins transaction is a major drawback and may lead to unintentional transactions such as money laundering," Jiwarajka warned.
Two people are sent to the hospital last night (2 July) following a West Bay Road collision.
Police say neither suffered life-threatening injuries. According to the RCIPS the incident happened shortly before 8 p.m. near the intersection with Lawrence Boulevard.
Police say a jeep and motorcycle crashed as the jeep was turning right into Wendy's parking lot. Police said the male motorcycle rider and the female driver of the jeep were taken to the hospital.
The vehicles were heavily damaged. No arrests have been made.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
A long-time executive director at a popular summer camp for children with diabetes has been accused of embezzling nearly $70,000 from the camp.
Scroll for more content...
Gales Creek Camp serves children with Type 1 diabetes, so it came as a shock to many that their director, Cheryl Sheppard, would be accused of taking advantage of the non-profit foundation.
Camp officials said Sheppard resigned shortly after the financial irregularities were discovered in 2016 by board members of the foundation.
They were in court Thursday and faces 25 felony charges of theft and computer crime.
Court documents show prosecutors are charging Sheppard with stealing at least $67,000 from the Gales Creek Camp Foundation.
Though the case has been drawn out, Rob Dailey, the camp's new executive director, told FOX 12 the organization has moved on.
"It was painful. It was painful for a lot of people, that that kind of behavior would happen in an organization that was built on trust," Dailey said. "Just a lot of hurt and absolute shock because these kids and the families are already dealing with a lot."
A former nurse at the organization, who didn't want to be identified, said nothing seemed out of the ordinary with their boss.
"It does seem amazing that this could go on for so long without it being noticed. And makes it really heartbreaking that Cheryl, who, obviously, we believed really cared about this organization, about the work and the kids who come there, that they would take away from that. It is really, incredibly sad," the nurse said. "It really is very sad and distressing that someone would take advantage of an organization that is pretty much volunteer-based."
According to court documents, Sheppard is being charged with theft dating back to February of 2015. Though Sheppard is only being charged with thefts happening between 2015 and 2016, Dailey said the embezzlement went on for longer.
They called the embezzlement a major setback but believes it didn't impact campers at all.
"We certainly had to reprioritize some projects. As a camp that's over 65 years old, and our property is in need of maintenance, upgrades, it's just a routine thing," Dailey explained. "We certainly had to reprioritize some of those maintenance items. But it hasn't affected camp or the safety of camp or the quality of camp at all."
Dailey told FOX 12 both the camp and the foundation are stronger because of what happened and have since adopted stricter fiscal policies.
Sheppard is due for their next hearing in April.
ADVERTISEMENT
Get the best political cartoons delivered to your inbox with our free daily cartoon newsletter. Sign up here.
How many prescriptions can you effectively place on a single acre? That's a question farmers routinely ask Cory Gilbert when they want to begin using variable-rate practices. Most are surprised by their response.
“We haven't reached a limit yet with proper planning and management in place,” Gilbert told farmers at the Farm Journal AgTech Expo.
Before using prescriptions, they say farmers must have already implemented solid zone management practices that provide a stable data set and a spatial soil-sampling program. Don't underestimate the value of your data set and soil sampling practices—they are the basis for every prescriptive decision you'll make.
“With those in place, you can begin to analyze the value of the prescriptions because all yield variability is either soil related, management influenced or environmentally driven,” explains Gilbert, owner of On Target Ag Solutions, Burlington, Colo.
Gilbert has come to expect a 5-bu. to 7-bu. increase in a side-by-side variable-rate pass next to a flat rate pass using the same amount of inputs, whether nitrogen or seed, just because of the field's variability.
Here are four additional takeaways from their presentation.
It was a rocking Friday night at Larimer Lounge on Friday. Summer is just around the corner and you could feel it in the air. The atmosphere was buzzing and people were excited about a entertaining night. The large crowd was treated to a manic musical display from Boulder rock ‘n' rollers The Velveteers. Around 9 p.m. people began to fill the bar in anticipation for a killer night of rock ‘n' roll. The crowd ranged from elderly folks to high school kids, and everyone seemed to be in good spirits, ready for an energetic night and the bands certainly delivered.
Larry Nix and The Killer Gents started the evening off with some badass rocking songs. This group brought the toe tapping, hip shaking old-school vibe. Donning a blue fitted suit and a slick haircut, lead singer Larry Nix had the stage presence of rock ‘n' roll greats like Jerry Lee Lewis or Chuck Berry. Accompanied by three back-up singers and a rock solid rhythm section, this opening act really had the crowd feeling it. Every song was hard edged and blue-soaked with lots of soul. This group had no problem getting the crowd to clap their hands and join in.
At 10 p.m., Larry Nix and The Killer Gents wrapped up their energetic set and thanked the audience profusely. At this point, Larimer Lounge was thick with people as the heavy hitting duo took the stage. The red lights at the back of the stage gave the pair an eerie glow and they aptly opened with “Bloody Little Secrets” and instantly got the crowd's heads banging. With a sound so loud, its songs bounced around the venue with intensity. It was amazing that a two-piece could achieve such a rich and heavy sound. The sonic assault continued and the crowd was eating up every note.
In the middle of its set, The Velveteers launched into “Death Hex,” a dense and droning tune with haunting vocals. The group continued to crush with riffs that sounded like a buzz saw. Lead singer Demi Demitro had an amazing stage presence. With their long hair whipping all over, they belted songs like a heavier, more raw version of Grace Slick from Jefferson Airplane. Demitro can really hold it down on guitar which showed through their many solos. To match the grungy guitar riffs and solos, Noah Shomberg — a stand in drummer — hammered away like their life depended on it.
Towards the end of the set the group played a song called “One Sided Love.” For this one, the leading lady switched out guitars and played a melodic, almost folky tune with no percussion. This song lulled the crowd a bit — which was shattered when it instantly went into “Pieces to The Puzzle” and fried our minds.
“Troubles” was the song the band finished its set with, which really whipped the crowd into a fervor. It was an amazing, high energy end to a really fun set. The pair humbly thanked the audience and Larimer Lounge and left us all in a daze of distorted sonic euphoria. The Velveteers is an awesome Colorado two-piece to keep an eye on.
(USA, FL -July 03,2018): With the recent boom in wedding planning industry, wedding planners that produce weddings and events as a conglomerate of sheer precision and sophisticated designing are in vogue. Forever Events is implementing the most luxurious weddings and is the main contributor in planning celebrity weddings in Miami. The main focus is on producing splendid design intertwined with impeccable planning and logistics. The amalgam of brilliance in aesthetics and execution attributes to their success as a South Florida Beach Weddings. With a boastful clientele across the country, Forever Events incorporates the personal style and sophisticated urbane aesthetics to tailor the perfect wedding as per the requirements of the clients.
Forever Events ensures memorable experiences for their clients along with their guests. Each moment is tailored in detail in order to narrate a story that is unique to the couple and is echoing through every minute detail. The main aim is to make the day absolutely memorable and special for the couple and also to ensure that guests get an experience that they cherish for a lifetime. The stunning aesthetics are all a reflection of the couple's choice and is elegantly crafted in order to honor the couple and their love. Forever Events is one of the biggest event companies in Miami who solely believe in accentuating and celebrating the bond of love between the couple at every wedding.
The main strength of Forever Events is the fact that they strive to make a wedding a wholesome sensory pleasure. They firmly believe that every facet of a wedding should appeal to all senses and therefore, they not only make the décor a visual treat but also work on the overall mood of the setting. From server attire to custom furniture, Forever Events tends to every detail with equal devotion making Miami weddings stand out in the country. Being the high-end wedding planners, Forever Events is a veteran in flawless execution ensuring a comprehensive experience which the couple as well as guests cherishes for a lifetime.
Media Contact
Address
1170 Kane Concourse, Suite 101
Bay Harbor Islands
FL 33154
USA
Phone305.240.6450
###
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Space Age hand-me-downs are soaring to a whole new level.
On Tuesday, SpaceX plans to launch its first rocket for NASA. The unmanned Falcon 9 — last used in June — will carry up a Dragon capsule that's also flown on a previous space station supply run.
NASA's International Space Station manager, Kirk Shireman, says the risk of launching a recycled rocket is about the same as for a brand new one. They say he'll be just as anxious as they always are at every launch.
As before, the first-stage booster will attempt to land back at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
Advertisement
This will be the first launch in more than a year from Launch Complex 40. The pad was ruined when a SpaceX rocket exploded during testing in September 2016.
New Delhi: Kidambi Srikanth will kickstart their Dubai Superseries campaign with a match against Denmark's Viktor Axelsen.
Srikanth is currently world number four in the Men's Singles category, meanwhile Axelsen is at pole position in the Men's Singles category.
Both Axelsen and Srikanth are right-handed.
(Also read: Dubai World Superseries Finals 2017: When, Where, TV Listing and Draw)
This year, Srikanth has played 45 matches, out of which they have won 37 of them.
Meanwhile, Axelsen has won 32 matches, out of a total of 41 matches, they have played this year.
The Dane and Indian have played each other six times, with both winning three each.
(Also read: Dubai World Superseries Finals 2017: PV Sindhu and They Bingjiao - A Short Analysis)
The last time, they played each other was at the Denmark Open this year, where Srikanth came on top, winning 14-21, 22-20, 21-7.
They first played each other at the Swiss Open in 2015, where Srikanth won 21-15, 12-21, 21-14.
They will be playing each other on 13th December 2017.
A report fresh out of South Korea cites market analysts as saying LG will revert back to an LCD display for the upcoming G7 flagship, in an effort to reduce manufacturing costs.
LG made the move to OLED for the V30, released in the second half of 2017, but while OLED screens have numerous benefits over their LCD counterparts, primarily better contrast levels, brighter whites and darker blacks, they are a lot more expensive to produce.
That's a cause for concern for LG Mobile, as the division reported its 11th consecutive loss for the quarter of October to December 2017. Money needs to be saved anywhere it can, so using LCD displays will help towards that. Apple pays around $52 for the iPhone 8's LCD display, and $110 for the iPhone X's OLED display, for example.
LG is expected to use its own MLCD+ display for the G7 flagship, which is claimed to offer better brightness compared to its previous displays, but consumes 35 per cent less power.
LG won't be alone in using the display technology, as Apple is said to continue to embrace it with the launch of a new 6.1-inch iPhone later this year, with a similar notch design to the OLED iPhone X. Usually reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities predicts Apple's new LCD iPhone will account for 50 per cent of sales of the new generation of iPhones, presumably because it should have a lower asking price than the OLED brethren.
In this May 22, 2018 photo, a staff member works in a circuit board manufacturing facility in Hangzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province. A monthly survey shows that Chinese factory activity rose to an eight-month high in May 2018, in a positive sign for the world's no. 2 economy. (Chinatopix via AP)
In this May 22, 2018 photo, a staff member works in a circuit board manufacturing facility in Hangzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province. A monthly survey shows that Chinese factory activity rose to an eight-month high in May 2018, in a positive sign for the world's no. 2 economy. (Chinatopix via AP)
HONG KONG (AP) - Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S.
The official purchasing managers' index rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
Production, new export orders and overall new orders all increased from the previous month, indicating an uptick in demand, the China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing's survey found.
"The pace of manufacturing expansion has accelerated and development momentum has been further strengthened," said Zhao Qinghe, senior statistician at the National Bureau of Statistics, which released the data on its website .
The latest figures show China's outsized export-manufacturing sector remains resilient despite continued tensions with the U.S. over the trading relationship between the world's two biggest economies.
The tensions had been ebbing until earlier this week, when President Donald Trump's administration renewed its threat to slap $50 billion worth of tariffs on Chinese goods and said it would also limit U.S. exports of high-tech goods to China. It's part of U.S. efforts to contain China's state-directed efforts to transform itself into a tech superpower.
But despite Washington's efforts, activity expanded in May, according to the survey's high-tech manufacturing sub-index, which rose in May to 54.8, up 1 point from the previous month.
The tariff threat came ahead of U.S. Commerce Department Secretary Wilbur Ross's visit to Beijing on Saturday for further negotiations on economic and trade issues.
Activity in China's increasingly important services sector also expanded. The group's non-manufacturing PMI rose to 54.9 for the month from 54.8 previously.
China's services industry is playing a bigger role as communist leaders upgrade economic growth, shifting it from a worn-out model based on wasteful trade and investment to one focused on domestic spending.
× Expand Opponents of the cigarette tax increase made their presence known with "NO MORE TAXES!" shirts. (Photo by Sarah King)
Monday's Richmond City Council meeting stretched toward midnight, so heavily attended that security officers stopped allowing members of the public into the chambers just 20 minutes after its 6 p.m. start.
Filling almost half of the room's seats were residents donning red T-shirts reading "NO MORE TAXES!" on behalf of Philip Morris USA as the council prepared to hear public comment and vote on a proposal by 5th District councilman Parker Agelasto to increase the city's currently nonexistent cigarette tax to 80 cents per pack.
The proposed tax, which failed on a 6-3 vote, would have generated an additional $5.3 million in revenue for repairs to the city's 44 schools, which the School Board says will require $31 million. Mayor Levar Stoney's budget proposes $1.56 million for school building maintenance; in February, the 1.5 percent meals tax increase passed on the premise of providing an additional $9 million a year to borrow a total of $150 million for schools construction.
“Feb. 12 we voted for the meals tax,” Agelasto said as the council prepared to vote and it was apparent the votes were not going to swing in favor of the new tax. “That same evening, the proposed cigarette tax was introduced — that's two and a half months ago ... nearly one quarter of the year has gone by, [and] the schools budget will be adopted within three weeks [and] there will be no additional maintenance money, there will be no additional operational money.”
More than 60 people participated in public comment, and the School Board canceled its regularly scheduled meeting for the council vote (although initially only three of the nine representatives were present alongside Superintendent Jason Kamras).
× Expand Supporters of the cigarette tax advocated for another source of revenue for schools. (Photo by Sarah King)
Agelasto was quick to add that the latter conditions are despite a roughly 5 percent increase to the overall budget compared to last year, after taking out for one-time spending, and the capital budget also grew substantially, “but, I'm sorry — schools, tonight, for this elected body, is not rising to the top priority of the city of Richmond; that's the message you'll be hearing shortly by a cast of votes.”
Indeed, the proposal failed. Backing up Agelasto — who admitted shedding tears earlier in the evening, seemingly out of frustration — were 3rd and 4th District representatives Chris Hilbert and Kristen Larson.
Other council members — many of whom favored the meals tax in February — stated their opposition to a cigarette tax, citing a slew of concerns ranging from an increase in tobacco costs creating a back door for illegal cigarette sales to consumers shifting purchases to the counties, which under state law cannot impose such a tax; detriment to small business owners, particularly those already affected by the meals tax that will take effect in July; and the charitable contributions of the tobacco industry.
Richmond is the only major city in the state that does not levy a cigarette tax, and is consistently ranked one of the worst states in the country for asthma in the last decade.
“I know some of you questioned about Philip Morris giving some of us council members a donation — yes, I got a donation, said 8th District councilwoman Reva Trammell, who is also the longest-serving member and represents the district where the company is located. “I was proud to get the donation, and let me say this: the mayor … got $25,000 … damn, that's a lot of money.”
Trammell also cited “all the things Philip Morris has done for the community,” including the 4,000 jobs the company creates for residents in their district and across the city, as well as more than $14.3 million in donations to more than 100 nonprofits.
“I know that they've helped where there's been rebuilding, where seniors in my district didn't have a roof on their homes, they didn't have heat — they came over there and volunteered hundreds of hours to help them,” Trammell said. “Would you still consider taking money from Philip Morris with all the stuff they give to you all? To the schools? To communities? I bet you wouldn't turn it down.”
According to the VIrginia Public Access Project, Stoney did receive a $25,000 donation from Altria Group — the parent company of Philip Morris USA — in January 2017. Former Mayor Dwight Jones received more than $18,000 from the company from 2008 to 2012, according to VPAP.
Other council members who received similar donations include: $500 each to 9th District representative Michael Jones, 1st District representative Andreas Addison and 2nd District representative Kim Gray — all of whom voted against Monday night's proposal — as well as $2,000 to Trammell and 6th District representative Ellen Robertson in 2016.
Addison, who acknowledged the detrimental health effects of tobacco products, particularly on low-income households, still voted against the proposal, citing “the economic status of how this plan would work.” Addison, at the same meeting, requested more than $300 in reimbursement from Council funds for a SurveyMonkey subscription, in addition to requests for reimbursement for several months of leased office space.
Agelasto struck back in defense of their plan.
“I've got a Dale Carnegie quote: ‘Inaction breeds doubt and fear; action breeds confidence and courage,' ” they said. “This council during this budget deliberation decided 'OK, we want to give $1.6 million to renovate an additional green space at the RMA plaza that is across the street from Kanawha Plaza that we just renovated,” they said before shifting into a mocking tone: “ ‘Oh, my God, $1.6 million for more green space in downtown corporate area' — great, that sounds wonderful; I couldn't imagine prioritizing that over schools.”
They then rattled off a few more line items:
$500,000 for a carport for ambulances, “because they're assets that need to be protected — a carport.”
$600,000, additionally, to maintain the Coliseum. “Last I heard, there's a proposal [to redevelop that].”$8 million [in the budget] for Stone Brewing to build a bistro, “that they've now said they want to reduce the size of it by a third and possibly not even bring the full amount of jobs we would expect.”
And a refinanced $8.5 million for the Redskins training camp instead of selling the facility.
“I'm being very honest here, Richmond Public Schools is truly what is holding the city back from being a great city,” Agelasto said, explaining that their wife, a kindergarten teacher in some of the city's lowest-income public schools, would begin the day by telling their students that their No. 1 priority is "to keep you safe."
“Kids don't feel safe in schools, whether it's gun violence or whether it's the decrepit condition, cockroaches and mice, whatever you want to say, it's not an adequate place for them,” Agelasto said. “My colleagues will do what they feel they need to do, but voting on this is the right thing to do; getting the full plan was the right thing to do, but frankly, inaction has created doubt and fear — in me — because I don't know when this body will step toward action; where is the leadership coming from?”
After the vote during another round of public comment, Adult Alternative Program CEO Kenneth Williams made a plea with Council to allow their program to help with the state of the city's schools. They cited an example of what their students are capable of:
“The roof was leaking, I mean, [when] we got into that building we had live maggots on the floor, human waste, lice, plumbing pipes were leaking — but from April to September, eight of us contractors, along with Lowe's and Home Depot, we made it happen,” Williams said in regard to maintaining classes despite decrepit facility conditions. “In September, we opened classes; three months later, we were graduating 14 men and four women — six of those are actually employed as contractors.”
Williams said there's no shortage of interest, either; from the Richmond Redevelopment and Housing Authority alone, the program has more than 100 interested participants.
“We are the only organization in the whole city who is evidence-based, We've done it,” Williams said. “If you haven't taken time to look at the new school building, we have before and after pictures, and our invitation to you is to allow us to come into collaboration with the City Council — we want to get into doing the maintenance in the schools; that would eliminate a lot of your problems.”
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid consulted Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while they were Indiana's governor, a post they maintained amid a web of business arrangements — including one that ethics experts say conflicted with their public duties.
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and their small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard. It holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere.
Them firm, SVC Inc., collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011, records show. At the same time, records indicate they also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett, the nation's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems.
Last year, their firm collected an additional $316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises, according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests.
Advertisement
In financial disclosures posted this week, Verma reported they have an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing, Michigan, within 90 days of their confirmation. A spokesperson for SVC did not immediately respond to an emailed list of questions from The AP. A spokesperson for Pence also did not respond to a request for comment.
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday. Democrats in Washington are aware of many of their consulting arrangements, and have broader concerns about their philosophy about government entitlement programs, lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization.
As a trusted adviser to Pence, they had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators. Verma was also widely respected for their grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake their own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act.
Verma did not address how they would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week. The letter outlined their plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should they be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Them relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014.
Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma's work for Hewlett, and offshoot HP Enterprises, raised questions about where their loyalties lay — to the company, or to state taxpayers.
Richard Painter, former President George W. Bush's chief ethics lawyer, called the Verma's arrangement a “conflict of interest” that “clearly should not happen and is definitely improper.”
Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana's ethics rules and laws, but they're murkier when it comes to consulting work. Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees, distinctions between the two can be hard to discern.
“She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority, people thought they were a state employee,” said Debra Minot, a former head of Indiana's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma.
Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit. It's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with, they said.
“If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating, they can't negotiate hard for both sides,” said Orentlicher, a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker.
There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when they were dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute, said Minot.
“It was never clear to me until that moment that she, in essence, was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors,” said Minot, who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over their disagreements with Verma. “It was just shocking to me that they could play both sides.”
State contracts show Verma's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times. One agreement they held with the state's social services agency required them to “provide technical assistance” to state contractors, as well as the governor's office. Another duty was “contract development and negotiation” with vendors, which included HP and HP Enterprises
Verma reported their salary with SVC is $480,000 and their business income from the company as nearly $2.2 million.
___
Johnson reported from Chicago.
A military helicopter crashed in St. Mary's County in Maryland Monday afternoon.Maryland State police said a military helicopter of some kind went down in the area near Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, Maryland. The crash happened along Society Hill Road just before 2 p.m., said Jennifer Stone, a spokesperson for St. Mary's County Sheriff Department.St. Mary's County Sheriff's office could not release any more details about the aircraft that was involved or if there are any injuries. State police said it sent two medical helicopters to the scene.Officials are asking people to avoid the Society Hill area of Leonardtown.WTOP has a reporter headed to the scene. WTOP's John Domen and the Associated Press contributed to this report.
OSLO, Norway (AP) — The Latest on the Nobel Peace Prize (all times local):
14:10 p.m.
Two days before their organization won the Nobel Peace Prize, Beatrice Fihn sent a tweet that turned awkward: “Donald Trump is a moron.”
The executive director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons told a news conference after the prize announcement that they were trying to make a joke, “which I kind of regret now,” based on reports that US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said the same of Trump.
But, they added, “I think that the election of President Donald Trump has made a lot of people very uncomfortable with the fact that they alone can authorize the use of nuclear weapons.”
___
12:45 p.m.
The European Union's foreign policy chief welcomed the awarding of this year's Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
Federica Mogherini said on Twitter Friday: “We share a strong commitment to achieving the objective of a world free from nuclear weapons.”
Two European Union members — France and Britain — are nuclear powers.
Mogherini and their predecessor, Catherine Ashton, were heavily involved in brokering a deal to contain Iran's nuclear program.
___
12:40 p.m.
In Japan, the only country to suffer an atomic bombing in the closing days of World War II, this year's Nobel Peace Prize resonated with many.
Sunao Tsuboi, a 92-year-old survivor of the Hiroshima bombing, said they were overjoyed to hear of the Nobel Peace award going to those who were also working toward the abolition of nuclear weapons.
They said that “as long as I live, I hope to work toward a realization of a world without nuclear weapons with ICAN and many other people.”
Tsuboi, whose ear is partly missing and their face blotched with burn marks, is co-chair of the Japan Confederation of A- and H-Bomb Sufferers Organizations, or Hidankyo, and has devoted their life to the fight to eradicate nuclear weapons, stressing that the weapon is designed simply to kill.
___
11:50 a.m.
The director of the anti-nuclear campaign that won this year's Nobel Peace Prize says that “it sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior.”
Beatrice Fihn, executive director of the Geneva-based International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, told reporters that “we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security.”
Fihn said that the group has received a phone call minutes before the official announcement was made that ICAN had won the prize. But they thought it was “a prank” and they didn't believe it until heard the name of the group during the Peace Prize announcement in Oslo.
___
11 a.m.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons has won the Nobel Peace Prize.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee honored the Geneva-based group “for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons.”
The statement, read by committee chairperson Berit Reiss-Andersen, said that “through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress.”
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic, given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached, Reiss-Andersen said that “what will not have an impact is being passive.”
___
7 a.m.
The Norwegian committee that chooses the Nobel Peace Prize winner sorted through more than 300 nominations for this year's award, which recognizes both accomplishments and intentions.
The prize announcement comes Friday in the Norwegian capital Oslo, culminating a week in which Nobel laureates have been named in medicine, physics, chemistry and literature.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee does not release names of those it considers for the prize, but said 215 individuals and 103 organizations were nominated.
Observers see the Syrian volunteer humanitarian organization White Helmets as a top contender, along with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini for shepherding the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
click to enlarge Provided
click to enlarge Provided
On Sat. April 14 kids can head to a free animation workshop, Knidie Grits. Learn more at indiegrits.org.
click to enlarge Provided
This year's film lineup includes 15 features, 16 narrative shorts, 21 documentary shorts, five animated shorts, 12 experimental shorts, eight student shorts, and eight music videos.
What started as a DIY Southern-focused film festival 12 years ago , Indie Grits has quickly evolved into a celebration of all kinds of innovative creative endeavors. The Columbia, S.C. festival is held April 12-15, featuring four days of art, music, and, of course film, all aimed at sharing honest narratives of the gritty, modern South, often through marginalized voices.On Indie Grits' opening night, the 13 Indie Grits Fellows, composed of artists, filmmakers, agriculturalists, and more, will premiere their projects for “Two Cities,” pieces that have been a year in the making.The “Two Cities” project turns its focus inward on the community of North Columbia to explore the ways that race and socioeconomic factors shape experiences and interactions within the city. The project takes a look at pressing topics like gentrification, housing displacement, and funding inequalities, particularly within the arts, problems that many cities, Charleston included, are grappling with as well.That same night, the fest is kicking off with some major music festivities with Love, Grits, and Hip Hop, a showcase of some of the best regional hip-hop, rock, and electronic music. This opener will be “like smashing a glass bottle on the hull of a ship, but the ship is your ears and the bottle is immaculate sonic bliss.”The rest of the festival features music from 30 bands and art events throughout the weekend. Attendees can catch the Two Cities Puppet Slam, an adult only show that combines burlesque and vaudeville for a thought-provoking, hilarious performance. Toby Lou will be there spreading the gospel of karaoke with The Weekly Revue's Church of Karaoke event on Friday, as well.At its core, Indie Grits is still a film festival. The festival screens 83 short, narrative-length, animated, and documentary films connected with Southern life and culture, covering everything from post-election protests to nutria, beaver-sized rodents in the Louisiana Bayou. As always, Indie Grits celebrates diversity in the arts: out of those 83 films, 53 percent were made by female filmmakers and 10 percent were made by Latinx filmmakers.For tickets and a full schedule of events, head online
Another New Jersey program to address opioid addiction has become a national model, as federal lawmakers seek to replicate an approach developed by St. Joseph's Medical Center that has greatly reduced use of these addictive drugs in the hospital's emergency room.
U.S. Senators Robert Menendez and Cory Booker and U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell (all D-NJ), who represents the area, returned to the Paterson hospital Monday, just over two years after they first announced the opioid-reduction program with leaders at St. Joseph's. Since its launch in January 2016, the initiative — ALTO, or Alternatives to Opioids — has cut opioid use in the hospital's emergency department, the state's busiest, by more than 80 percent.
The three leaders are among a bipartisan, bicameral group that last month introduced federal legislation to create a three-year nationwide pilot project based on the St. Joseph's program. Elements of this proposal have also been included in an opioid-response bill introduced by leaders in the U.S. Senate's health committee, Booker noted; this legislation is scheduled for a Congressional hearing Thursday in Washington, D.C.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Dundalk have been drawn to face non-league Crumlin United in the FAI Cup second round this evening
The draw, which took place during the recording of Soccer Republic, pits Stephen Kenny's men against the side who they also faced at this hurdle in last season's competition, where they prevailed 5-0.
Crumlin produced a cup 'shock' on Friday night when they defeated Wexford FC away from home, while Dundalk accounted for Derry City at Oriel Park last night.
The tie will be played on the weekend of August 26th with exact date, time and venue to be confirmed.
Like last year, Crumlin were pulled from the hat first, however, they gave up home advantage on that occasion.
1:29
AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
What celebrities wear on stage at the Super Bowl Halftime Show says a lot about the message they're trying to send. Lady Gaga appeared triumphant in a bodysuit in 2017. Katy Perry kept it colorful in several Jeremy Scott pieces in 2015. And, of course, the focus of 2004's performance wasn't so much what stars were wearing, but rather, what they weren't. Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson's #nipplegate fiasco will never be forgotten.
On Sunday, however, it's all about JT himself—not, you know, football. So what will they hit the stage in? The 37-year-old pop star turned to none other than British designer Stella McCartney for a look inspired by their latest album, Man of the Woods.
The look is super JT—meaning it's sporty, it's fresh, and it seems to give them plenty of room to breathe and dance.
Courtesy of Stella McCartney
Courtesy of Stella McCartney
Courtesy of Stella McCartney
It includes a jacket made of a faux nappa fringed material with a cotton shirt that features art by British artist Martin Ridley, plus pants with a Prince of Wales check and camouflage print made of repurposed wool. The pants match a custom single-breasted jacket of the same pattern. Of course, it's a super smart move for McCartney, who dropped their menswear line in December 2016.
Courtesy of Stella McCartney
Courtesy of Stella McCartney
Will their performance live up to the look? We're going to go out on a limb and say, well, duh.
Catch the 2018 Super Bowl at 6:30 p.m. ET on NBC.
More than 98 per cent of homes and businesses in North Tyneside now have access to superfast broadband, new figures show.
The area's figure of 98.4 per cent is higher than the average for England (95.5 per cent) and even above the North-East (97.2 per cent), which has the highest coverage of any region in the country.
Figures published by www.thinkbroadband.com show that more than 19 out of 20 UK homes and businesses now have the opportunity to upgrade their internet connections to superfast speeds of 24 Mbps or faster.
The Government has heralded the landmark as proof it has delivered on its manifesto commitment to extend superfast broadband to 95 per cent of the UK by the end of 2017.
Culture Secretary Matt Hancock said: “We've delivered on our commitment to reach 95 per cent of homes and businesses in the UK, but there's still more to do in our work building a Britain that's fit for the future. We're reaching thousands more premises every single week, and the next commitment is making affordable, reliable, high-speed broadband a legal right to everyone by 2020.”
Dartmouth, NS ( webnewswire.com ) July 4, 2018 – Hayden Agencies is a one-stop shop for people looking for used cars in Halifax. They have been offering a wide range of vehicles, including SUVs, trucks, coupes, hatchbacks, sedans, and ATVs, for more than thirty years. The used car dealer has recently announced a slew of discounts, including cash back offers, referral credits, and discounts for select customers.
Potential customers can now get up to $500 off on car loans upon introducing a co-signer. They also get a $500 discount with a friend or family referral to Hayden Agencies. “Students, Department of National Defence Employees, and people who are new to the country get up to a $1000 discount. This discount also extends to people working for Irving,” says a spokesperson for Hayden Agencies.
The Halifax used Cars company is perfect for people with poor credit or those with zero credit history. Besides offering easy financing options, the company also provides a credit rebuilding program exclusively for their customers. Potential buyers looking for a car loan can fill in the online form and get approved within minutes.
Among other benefits offered by Hayden Agencies, includes free delivery anywhere in Canada and a free detailing before the handover. “We'll offer a full tank on approval and offer a clean MVI. All vehicles sold at the Hayden Agencies go through a 180-point inspection guaranteed to ensure customers that their cars are worth the money and effort,” they add.
Hayden Agencies sells a wide range of brands, including Chevrolet, Toyota, Kia, Mazda, BMW, Honda, and Hyundai in Halifax.
About Hayden Agencies:
Hayden Agencies is one of the best and the most popular used car dealerships in Halifax. They also offer easy credit options for people with bad credit and no credit situations.
For more information, visit https://haydenagencies.com
###
Toronto police say four men are facing a total of 97 charges in an investigation into gun violence in the city's Regent Park neighbourhood.
They say the men were arrested on Monday after an officer saw four people, who appeared to be wearing clothing designed to disguise their identities, in a vehicle.
It's alleged one of the occupants got out of the vehicle carrying a handgun and fired in the direction of traffic and pedestrians, but it's not believed anyone was struck.
Investigators say a pursuit of the vehicle ended when it struck a police car, but not before it had collided with two taxis and driven down a sidewalk, narrowly missing pedestrians.
New Delhi: Petrol prices were hiked by 19 paise and Diesel prices were hiked by 0.01 paise, applicable from 6:00 a.m. on 13th August 2017.
Under the dynamic pricing scheme, petrol and diesel prices are revised on a daily basis in sync with global crude oil prices.
Prices of non-branded petrol in metro-cities (Applicable from 6:00 a.m. on 14th August 2017)
Cities (Rs/litre) New Delhi 67.95 Kolkata 70.74 Mumbai 77.09 Chennai 70.40
Prices of non-branded petrol across state capitals
Agartala 64.00 Aizwal 64.13 Amabala 67.52 Bangalore 69.00 Bhopal 74.62 Bhubaneshwar 67.06 Chandigarh 68.09 Deharadun 71.69 Gandhinagar 69.70 Gangtok 70.85 Guwahati 69.80 Hyderabad 71.95 Imphal 66.16 Itnagar 64.27 Jaipur 70.54 Jammu 69.75 Jullunder 72.95 Kohima 66.46 Lucknow 70.64 Panjim 61.56 Patna 72.31 Pondicherry 66.96 Port Blair 58.58 Raipur 68.51 Ranchi 69.74 Shillong 67.40 Shimla 68.63 Srinagar 72.42 Trivandrum 71.71 Silvasa 66.17 Daman 66.10
Prices of non-branded diesel in metro-cities
New Delhi 57.25 Kolkata 59.90 Mumbai 60.81 Chennai 60.27
Prices of non-branded diesel across state capitals
Agartala 55.47 Aizwal 54.81 Ambala 57.14 Bangalore 57.32 Bhopal 63.94 Bhubaneshwar 61.60 Chandigarh 58.05 Dehradun 60.44 Gandhinagar 63.60 Gangtok 59.00 Guwahati 59.66 Hyderabad 62.19 Imphal 55.50 Itanagar 54.87 Jaipur 61.25 Jammu 58.35 Jullunder 57.39 Kohima 55.73 Lucknow 57.88 Panjim 58.18 Patna 60.88 Pondicherry 59.21 Port Blair 53.79 Raipur 61.90 Ranchi 60.56 Shillong 57.04 Shimla 57.44 Srinagar 60.55 Trivandrum 62.27 Silvasa 57.99 Daman 57.92
(Source: Indian Oil) Prices may vary from outlet to outlet within a city
Far from being the preserve of older devotees, church bell-ringing is increasingly popular with youngsters. Vicky Liddell meets the teenagers for whom the bell tolls.
Every Sunday, in about 5,000 bells towers up and down the country, assorted groups of people climb spiral staircases and assemble in circles at the end of candy-striped ‘sallies'. When they hear the words ‘look to, treble's going, she's gone', they pull the ropes that sound the bells and a cascade of sound ripples out over the countryside.
Despite regular media reports of a national shortage of bell-ringers, the craft is still enjoyed by an estimated 40,000 enthusiasts, including young people, who all know their plain bob minors from their grandsire doubles.
The elegant twin-towered Wimborne Minster in Dorset has been especially successful in attracting younger ringers and, every Tuesday evening, several teenagers ascend the 72 twisting stairs for the weekly practice session. Jack Pease, now 18, has been ringing since they were five years old – ‘I had to stand on a table to start' – and Katie Child, also 18 and studying for A levels, is a third-generation bell-ringer whose parents ring for the Minster, too.
‘I was overwhelmed by the physics and the fact that I could move the equivalent weight of an old- fashioned VW Beetle on the end of a rope.'
Admitting that some of their friends are rather curious about their hobby, ‘especially when I took a boat to Brownsea Island just to ring bells', Katie is hoping to go to Oxford University, where the opportunities for bell-ringing are some of the best.
Conversely, 19-year-old Max Wright, assistant steeple keeper at the church, only started ringing last year. ‘I'm quite musical anyway, which has helped. Apart from breaking a stay four months in, it's going well,' they say with a smile.
‘Thirteen is the best age to start – before that, children don't have the strength to control the bells,' explains David Warwick. Every Wednesday afternoon, they and some of the other ringers run an after-school class for a group of Year 9 and 10 music pupils from Queen Elizabeth's School, Wimborne.
Starting with just the highest, ‘lighter' eight bells, the class has progressed from a period of silenced bells at the beginning of the year, where the sound is replicated on a computer, to Plain Hunt, its first basic change-ring method.
‘It's good to do something different with no exam at the end of it,' points out Martha Tribe, one of the pupils.
Fellow student Derry Sowinski agrees: ‘I'm getting the hang of it now and find it quite therapeutic.' To start with, even tying the ends of the ropes can be challenging, but ‘once you've learnt, it's like doing your shoelaces,' notes Olivia Sharpe.
In the Midlands, 23-year-old Hollie Davison has been ringing bells since they were 12. ‘I started on a whim, after attending a tower open day,' they explain. ‘It felt like something really different – I was overwhelmed by the physics and the fact that I could move the equivalent weight of an old- fashioned VW Beetle on the end of a rope.'
Hollie's home tower is the Grade I-listed St Peter & St Paul at Syston, Leicestershire, but she's visited many other towers, including St Mary's at Humberstone, which is accessed via a ladder and a trapdoor. They regularly ring at weddings, at which a special Midlands tradition of ‘firing' the bells – when they're all sounded at the same time – is practised. At funerals, the lone tenor bell tolls – it dates from the 1600s and Hollie describes it as ‘one of the most heartbreaking sounds'.
Change-ringing is an ancient tradition that's woven deeply into the fabric of English history. First developed after the Reformation, when churches began to rehang bells using a mechanism that allowed them to rotate full circle for the first time, the first recorded peal rang out in 1715, at St Peter Mancroft in Norwich.
Ringing was thirsty work, with income often rapidly transferred from the tower to the village inn. Some towers even had a special jug (a gotch) to sustain them. By the 18th century, bell-ringers had developed a reputation as drunken layabouts, but the Victorians soon improved standards and appointed tower captains, who were responsible for attendance and good behaviour.
Although the gotch has disappeared, bell-ringing is still a social activity, with many practice sessions culminating in a convivial trip to the pub. ‘Bell-ringers are the friendliest people,' declares Hollie. ‘When I went to university, the people I met in the Bellringing Society became some of my closest friends. Every summer, groups set out round the country to visit other towers and all the ringers that I meet say it's like being part of a second family.'
For Katie Flavell, from the Central Council of Church Bell Ringers, it was the beginning of a fine romance – they met their husband in a bell tower in Croydon. A couple from the Wimborne group, Alan and Kathy Bentley, got together when Kathy was literally whisked off their feet by a bell rope, only to be caught on their journey back down by their future husband. ‘I was quite a good cricketer at the time,' they recall.
Belfry mishaps like this usually occur when an over-enthusiastic ringer pulls too hard and, fortunately, the sight of hapless ringers being hoisted skyward while still clinging to a rope are mostly the stuff of comedy sketches. ‘Timing is of the essence,' adds Katie. ‘It's more about technique than strength and you never stop learning.'
Ring the changes
Towers hung for ringing must have a minimum of four bells—some have 12 or more. The highest pitched is a treble and the lowest is a tenor
When Handel moved to London, they called England ‘the ringing isle' because they heard the sound of bells wherever they went
During the Second World War, all church bells were silenced, with strict orders for them only to be rung in the event of an invasion by enemy troops
Individual ringing combinations are often named after the place in which they were invented, combined with the number of bells used, leading to eccentric names such as Cambridge Surprise Major, Avon Delight Maximus or Oxford Bob Triples
Muffled ringing, in which leather muffles are fitted to the clappers, is used for sombre occasions such as Remembrance Sunday
Ringing Remembers is a campaign aiming to recruit 1,400 new bell-ringers to commemorate the 1,400 ringers who died during the First World War (www.bigideascompany.org/project/ringingremembers)
By SAM ZEFF
The fight is raging on in Topeka over whether to roll back a law that would let almost anyone carries a concealed gun on a college campus or in a library or public hospital.
The debate has mostly been around whether guns enhance or detract from people's safety.
Less talked about is just how much allowing guns on campuses could cost.
For one Kansas City area institution it could run into the millions.
Most Kansas Board of Regents institutions have said they have little choice but to let people carry concealed weapons on university or community college campuses.
Any of the institutions could prohibit guns, but they would have to buy metal detectors and post armed guards at each entrance of every area that they want to keep firearm-free.
Across the 36 campuses there are 800 buildings with who knows how many doors.
KU Hospital and Medical Center officials say there are more than 100 access points around its complex in a maze of buildings that have been stitched together over the decades.
Securing those access points would cost plenty.
“We're talking about tripling the size of the department,” says Med Center Chief of Police Richard Johnson. “Clearly, the hospital is going to continue to take the approach that whatever needs to be done to keep the staff and patients safe is what we'll do.”
Johnson's been lobbying for four years against the concealed carry law.
Currently KU Med has 45 police officers and 60 unarmed security guards.
KU police starting pay is $47,493, with the price of benefits on top of that. So just adding 20 sworn officers to the department would cost a minimum of $1.2 million.
That doesn't include the cost of the added security guards, dispatchers or overtime.
Starting pay for security guards and dispatchers is $31,000 a year.
The metal detectors run somewhere between $4,000 and $5,000 each.
“That would take money away from important patient care advances and staff advances,” says KU Hospital CEO Bob Page. “And that would be a big challenge for us and it would be difficult for us to understand why we would be put in that position.”
A position, KU says, that would put it at a competitive disadvantage with other metro hospitals, all of them private.
But does KU Med really need that much security, asks Rep. Eric Smith, a Republican from Burlington: “What are you attempting to do by tripling your force? Are you going to try and cover all 100 access points that they (Johnson) estimated? Or what is your intent at that point?”
Smith is a deputy sheriff by trade and he's been tough in committee hearings on those who want to roll back the concealed carry law.
And, Smith says, he's quite sure KU's pricey security plan is not an unfunded mandate by the Legislature.
“If they believe that's the course they have to go, that is not us mandating, that is them making that choice to go in that direction.”
But for Rep. Louis Ruiz, a Democrat who represents the district where KU Hospital sits, $1 million or more on extra security is a waste and money the hospital shouldn't even have to think about spending.
“Wyandotte County where we're at, our health outcomes are the worst in the state. Maybe we should look at research as to why this is happening and what we can do to remedy that situation instead of spending money making sure people can carry guns or not carry guns into a location,” Ruiz says.
Their solution? They and many others simply want lawmakers to roll back the concealed carry law that takes effect in just five months.
But the politics around this is tricky. The committees that are hearing testimony on the roll back are a bit more conservative than the Legislature in general.
So much of what's happening now is laying the groundwork for a fight on the House and Senate floors.
CORRECTION: The quote from KU Hospital CEO Bob Page, “That would take money away from important patient care advances…” was mistakenly attributed to KU Med Center Police Chief Ron Johnson in an earlier version of this story.
Sam Zeff covers education for KCUR and the Kansas New Service. Follow them on Twitter @SamZeff.
CAPE TOWN: South African fast bowler Kagiso Rabada as been cleared to play in the remainder of the Test series against Australia having won their appeal against a Level Two breach of the International Cricket Council's (ICC) code of conduct.
Rabada had their punishment for brushing against the shoulder of Australia captain Steven Smith in the second Test in Port Elizabeth reduced from a fine of 50 percent of their match fee and three demerit points, to 25 percent and one demerit point.
He, however, was found guilty of a lesser charge of "conduct that is contrary to the spirit of the game" on appeal by Judicial Commissioner Michael Heron, according to a statement from the ICC on Tuesday.
That leaves Rabada`s total of demerit points over the last 24 months on seven, one fewer than the threshold that would trigger an automatic two-match suspension.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years-- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Former Waterbury Mayor Philip Giordano is back before the U.S. Supreme Court in another appeal of their 37-year prison sentence for sexually abusing two young girls while in office.
Related Content: Giordano loses the latest appeal of prison term for child sex
Giordano is challenging a decision by the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York in June to dismiss their request to set aside or correct their sentence. Giordano says that the prison sentence is unconstitutional and that their lawyer during their 2003 trial, Andrew Bowman, made mistakes, including not informing them of plea bargains offered by prosecutors.
Related Content: Former Waterbury Mayor Giordano testifies, seeking reduction of child-sex sentence
Bowman denies they provided ineffective counsel, and lower courts agreed with him.
Related Content: Woman convicted in Giordano case resentenced
The Supreme Court is set to discuss the case Friday to determine whether it will hear the appeal. The high court has refused to hear two previous appeals by Giordano.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mineral Resources Minister Mosebenzi Zwane is on Monday expected to open the annual Investing African Mining Indaba in Cape Town.
The aim of the Indaba is to promote South Africa's mineral wealth and its competitiveness.
According to the minerals department, the Indaba will be held for four days at the Cape Town International Convention Centre (CTICC).
Zwane is expected to be accompanied by their cabinet colleagues, among them will be Trade and Industry Minister Rob Davies.
“The Indaba is the world's largest gathering of mining's most influential stakeholders and decision-makers vested in African mining,” the department said.
The Indaba comes amid scores of miners were trapped underground at Beatrix gold mine in Theunissen, near Welkom, due to power failure on Wednesday.
Miners went underground as per their shifts but were unable to resurface after severe storms damaged power lines in the area.
However, Eskom employees worked tirelessly to ensure that they restore power in the area.
Miners were eventually rescued in early hours of Friday morning.
-TNA Reporter
PULASKI, Va. - People honored a decorated fallen soldier Wednesday at a special July Fourth remembrance ceremony in Pulaski.
Retired Purple Heart recipient Al Davis told the story of Cpl. Lewis Kenneth Bausell, a Pulaski native who posthumously received the Medal of Honor.
They fought in World War II, and at age 20 they died after jumping on top of a grenade to save their fellow Marines. Their niece, Susan Treadwell, traveled from Maine to attend the veterans ceremony.
"To have the town and these associations remember them is a very meaningful thing to a family that really grieved a terrible loss," Treadwell said.
Town leaders unveiled a portrait of Bausell to display in the historic courthouse.
"It's incredible to see all these old photographs of my family and to see it all brought to life and to see them remembered," they said.
Around 75 people came to the ceremony inside the Pulaski Theatre. Many people got emotional when hearing Bausell's story.
Afterward, bagpipes played as people walked outside to a courtyard where the playing of Taps and a 21-gun salute marked the end of the tribute.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
click to enlarge Dustin Waters
Protesters march through downtown Charleston in opposition of the election of President Donald Trump following the 2016 election
In response to President Donald Trump's recently confirmed visit to Charleston on Friday, local political organization Indivisible Charleston will follow through with plans to hold a demonstration.According to the group's Facebook page , protesters will gather at a free speech zone near International Boulevard at the North Charleston Coliseum on Friday between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. The protest will focus on demanding that the president release their tax returns, and those planning to attend are reminded “We are peaceful protesters. We come in peace.”Organizers hope that they can make this gathering “Yuge” and send a message to President Trump during their visit to North Charleston.
According to the Chinese the rooster is this year's animal.
PARENTS of children born after January 28, 2017, can expect their offspring to be trustworthy, responsible, observant, hard-working, resourceful, courageous, talented and confident.
However, Roosters can be vain and boastful.
According to the Chinese zodiac which operates on a 12-year cycle, 2017 is the year of the Rooster and will officially commence on the second New Moon after the Solstice.
The Rooster is tenth in the Chinese zodiac and its years include, 1933, 1945, 1957, 1969, 1981, 1993, 2005, 2017, and 2029.
Traditionally, Roosters can find good fortune with the colours gold, brown and yellow, but should avoid red.
As for love, Roosters are thought to match up best with an Ox or Snake and worst with a Rat, Rabbit, Horse, or Pig.
Paul Jones, architect and Butler Street homeowner has founded the \"Grab the Rail\" campaign proposing the new Byron Bypass use a section of the old railway within town.Photo Megan Kinninment / Byronshire News
A NOTICE of motion has been submitted to the Byron Shire Council to evaluate costs and consider the rail corridor as a viable option following a letter received from State Government.
Councillor Paul Spooner said the letter was handed down by Tamara Smith, on behalf of the NSW Minister for Transport, indicating that if council was to propose the construction of the road within the rail corridor the NSW Government would consider it.
"That's the first time that we have had an indication from the NSW State Government that they would be open to a road going down the unused corridor," Cr Spooner said.
"It led me to consider now that Butler Street is not the only option for a bypass around the CBD but that in fact we could be looking at another option."
"What my motion is calling for is not just the full construction costs for the Butler Street bypass but also what it would cost to put a road way in that rail corridor."
The Butler Street Community Group says they can't understand why the council is pushing so hard to have the bypass run through their street when there are more viable and cheaper routes.
"They did a 2001 study on the bypass and it clearly showed the rail corridor as the best option, they spent $500,000 to come to that conclusion and then they turn around and go we're not going to take that route, we are going to run it through Butler Street instead," Mr Jones said.
"We've got a Green Council proposing to destroy a designated, protected and critical habitat that contains threatened species."
The community group express their biggest obstacle is getting through to the Mayor and the rest of the Greens council.
"We've got a huge challenge because we have got a Mayor who is obsessed (with) turning the corridor into a railway or rail trail and an entertainment district."
Despite the recent Land and Environment court decision, the community group says they aren't going to quit until they get some answers.
"It's only the beginning, we will not stop until the truth comes out about what is going on."
"We have been suffering massively for this and to be faced with a council that won't listen, won't talk to us is beyond a disaster."
President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron will field questions from reporters on Tuesday, in between talks on the Iran nuclear deal and a lavish state dinner.
Macron is the first of two European leaders Trump is hosting this week. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be in Washington, D.C., on Friday. Both France and Germany joined the U.S. in a six-nation pact with Iran to halt its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of that deal. Macron and Merkel want them to stay in.
Trump's former advisers struggled to make the case for the nuclear deal, and the newest members of Trump's national security team are as skeptical of the agreement as they are. Nevertheless, Macron will argue the nuclear agreement is worth preserving.
"He's certainly expected — not only in France but in other countries of Europe — to try and convince President Trump over Iran," France's former ambassador to the U.S. Francois Bujon de l'Estang told NPR's Morning Edition on Monday.
Macron has skillfully courted Trump, inviting the U.S. president to be their guest last year at an elaborate military parade marking Bastille Day in Paris. Trump was so impressed, they ordered their own military parade this November, marking the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I.
The two presidents and their wives celebrated the wartime alliance between the U.S. and France on Monday by planting an oak tree on the South Lawn of the White House. The sapling comes from Belleau Wood, where more than 9,000 Marines died in the final months of the first world war, according to a White House statement.
Later, the two couples took a sightseeing helicopter tour of Washington, then held a private dinner at George Washington's historic Mt. Vernon estate.
Despite their evident personal chemistry, Trump and Macron have significant policy differences to discuss. In addition to the Iran nuclear deal, Macron wants a permanent exemption from the president's new steel and aluminum tariffs. And he'd like to see a more lasting commitment from the U.S. to stabilization efforts in Syria. Military forces from France and the U.K. joined the U.S. in launching air strikes on Syria earlier this month in retaliation for a suspected chemical weapons attack. But Trump is impatient to withdraw U.S. troops from that country as quickly as possible.
"What you do have are two leaders who have a great deal of respect for one another, who have a great friendship," said White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders. They added that friendship allows the two men to have "very open and candid conversations."
Sanders said they expect "a very productive and very positive state visit for both countries."
The visit will be marked by the first state dinner of the Trump administration. The White House has been decorated for the event with cherry blossoms, sweet peas and white lilacs. The menu is American with French influences: spring lamb and jambalaya.
On Wednesday, Macron is set to address a joint session of Congress.
Scottsdale is hosting its final Green Building Lecture of the season as ventilation and air conditioning specialist Jim Clark will discuss ways to cut cooling costs.
The free program is slated for 7-8:30 p.m. Thursday, June 7 at the Granite Reef Senior Center, 1700 N. Granite Reef Road. Mr. Clark will discuss ductless mini-split cooling technology for room-by-room temperature control, comfort and energy savings as well as the advantages to the system, a press release states.
Used for decades in Europe and Asia, “ductless” mini-split heat pumps differ from traditional home cooling and heating systems. Instead of leaky and bulky duct work, ductless mini-split heat pumps use an indoor unit connected to an outdoor unit via refrigerant lines.
Up to eight indoor units can be attached to one outdoor unit, allowing for different temperature settings in various locations in the house, according to a release.
The Scottsdale Independent is published monthly and mailed to 75,000 homes and businesses in Scottsdale.
Five years ago, while working with an organization building the Academy for Peace and Justice, the first free high school in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Tanyella Evans had an idea.
After noticing a lack of basic reading material in Haitian schools, they came up with a seemingly simple way to make books more accessible for the millions of children struggling to learn how to read and write across the globe. To get their idea off the ground, they created a Kickstarter campaign, raising about $110,000. The funds were used to found Library For All, a "tech-startup"-like digital platform that makes early-grade reading material much more readily available in developing countries.
“The biggest thing for me was getting emails from schools and organizations all around the world saying, ‘If you build this, we'll use it,'” Evans tells InStyle. “That's when I knew we were really on to something with this idea of creating a [literary] network that was going to be available to everyone.”
As of last Thursday, 31-year-old Evans is still expanding their nonprofit (with help from like-minded entrepreneurs Taniya Benedict and Isabel Sheinman), transforming Library for All into a publishing hub called NABU.org where books will not only be distributed, but also written and translated. “I think charity is changing,” Evans says. “Young people don't see barriers between nations and people. And NABU.org, for me, represents the power of us, working together towards a world without exploitation that includes our communities in Rwanda and Haiti just as much as our community here in New York.”
Global perspective: Evans has been involved in nonprofit work since they were 17, when they volunteered as a teacher in Uganda. “I did that for a year, and realized that we put up these barriers between people who come from different places, or look different from us, or sound different, but we're really all the same,” they say. The young change-maker turned their curiosity toward the root of poverty and made it their mission to do something about it. “I wanted to understand why poverty exists, and what the systems are that keep people poor,” they say.
Evans then applied to the University of Cambridge to study the politics and the economics of international development. "There I learned that that poverty doesn't exist because of some kind of natural state, or a natural inferiority of any person, or a superiority of any nation over another,” Evans says. “Poverty exists because there is an exploitive system that keeps people from being able to lift themselves out of poverty and that's what I want to change."
Steffen Kaplan
RELATED: What Comes Next for Aly Raisman?
Model progress: The original Library For All platform operates with two different models, one for mobile use and another for schools. The mobile model is accessible to anyone who has a smart phone in Haiti, Rwanda, or the Democratic Republic of the Congo, so far. Users simply go to the GooglePlay store, download the app, and download a book for reading offline. The other “hub” model works with a server that students can connect to while at school. Administrations purchase a set of 30 low-cost tablets and share them with students. Now that NABU.org has upgraded to a publishing network, it's become a place where writers, illustrators, students, and teachers can come together to search, read, and publish materials too.
NABU.org's origin: “We're evolving into publishing because, as we were trying to bring together books for children at the early-grade reading level, we saw that there wasn't enough content available, especially in local languages like Creole or Kinyarwanda,” Evans explains. Last year, Library For All hosted a writer's workshop in Haiti, where they successfully facilitated the creation of more than 200 books in Haitian Creole within a few months.
NABU.org hopes to build on that success, worldwide. For Evans, all roads lead back to their initial dream of eradicating poverty. “For me, it's not just about providing digital books anymore,” Evans says adding that they see NABU.org as a way to build a literate world in a broad sense, giving people the tools to fulfill their potential.
NABU.org's own name reflects its greater purpose. The word “NABU” is in reference to a god of writing or scribe symbolizing wisdom and the power of literacy for Evans and their NABU.org co-founders. “Think about our current political landscape—the apathy, alienation, isolation, ripping children from their mother's arms at the border, kicking out refugees—I don't think that would be happened if we had a real understanding of people who don't necessarily look like us,” Evans says. “I think that understanding comes from being exposed to different cultures early on [through literacy]. And of course, I have world-domination plans: to be the largest provider of digital books in local languages across the world, providing content for communities that are often disenfranchised by traditional publishing.”
Female-focus: While interning with the Campaign for Female Education in the UK, Evans met founder Ann Cotton. “She was one of the pioneers of women and girls' education before it was even sexy,” Evans says, fondly reflecting on their time in the UK learning from Cotton. “She went against everything that was expected of them and really inspired me to think bigger about the impact that I can have on the world.”
RELATED: Senator Tammy Duckworth on their History-Making Strides for Working Moms
Overcoming obstacles: “Personally, I think that being an entrepreneur can be an isolating journey,” Evans says when asked about challenges they faced early on with Library For All. “I think that sometimes it's hard to find people who want to mentor an early-stage entrepreneur, probably because a lot of ventures fail and people give up on things like that.”
Specifically, Evans remembers dealing with the potential loss of about $90,000 in funding when the Trump administration announced cuts to the foreign aid budget. But Evans soldiers on, basing their drive on the words “finish what you begin,” which came to them in a dream shortly after they started their organization.
Up next: Travel. Evans is headed to Rwanda in a couple weeks to launch NABU.org's first writer's workshop there in effort to bring more local-language books to the area.
Social growth: Running an organization that's grown like wildfire since its inception poses a unique challenge, like how to brand a new org on social media. Figuring that out can be a life-altering learning curve. “I used to be really skeptical about [branding],” Evans says. “I thought, "Why do we need to invest in our brand or communications? What does it really matter?" But I've learned that a brand is just the artistic projection of your core values.”
Evans adds that NABU.org's core values are to be egalitarian and omnipresent. "At the end of the day, it's 2018 and 250 million children don't know how to read. There's no reason for that.” Enter: NABU.org, which promises to be a place where people can "'read to rise,' Evans says. "Whether they want to publish content, read content, or fund more people getting access to books."
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
2:21 Clemson's Dabo Swinney recaps ACC Championship win
1:08 Dabo Swinney's message to Clemson defense
0:30 Clemson celebrates winning the ACC Championship Game
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
3:01 Frank Martin addresses Sindarius Thornwell reinstatement
1:02 John Latina works with USC offensive linemen
1:18 Four dead in murder-suicide in Lexington County
LIVERPOOL: Liverpool and England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain`s hopes of heading to the World Cup are in doubt after they suffered a what appeared to be a serious injury in the 5-2 win over AS Roma in their Champions League semi-final, first leg on Tuesday.
The 24-year-old, who joined Liverpool from Arsenal in August, was carried off on a stretcher in the 18th minute after making a sliding tackle on Roma full-back Aleksandar Kolarov. Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said the England international`s season looked to be over.
"Yes, that is how it is, unfortunately. All the medical department is quite concerned even without a scan and the season is not that long anymore," they said. "It's probably a really bad injury. If we can say that already before the scan, that's never good news so that means for us it's a massive blow, of course," they said.
“We have still a few very important games to go and the squad doesn't get bigger in the moment, so we obviously need to be creative in the next few games.” England`s opening World Cup game in Russia is on June 18.
A luxurious cabana, grilled shrimp cocktail for lunch, and some sweet tea vodka with lemonade to sip on. That's the stuff fabulous summertime dreams are made of — and that and more is being offered from Memorial Day through Labor Day at The Inn at Fox Hollow in Woodbury.
“We've been doing this for years and people really enjoy it,” says hotel spokesperson Vicki Colacicco. “The cabanas are in a grassy area of the courtyard at the center of the property, near an in-ground pool with a hot tub.”
Food and beverages are provided by a private cabana attendant as an additional option. Menu selections include gourmet as well as more laid-back fare such as homemade pizza — and for kids, macaroni and cheese, grilled cheese, waffle fries, pasta, hot dogs and chicken fingers.
The cabanas are available to the public as well as guests of the hotel and cost $200 for a 3-hour rental and $50 for each additional hour. Reservations are suggested.
“It's a nice place for guests to put their stuff somewhere and invite people in,” Colacicco says. “A wedding party can do their thing before a celebration. For families, it's a place to call their own.”
There is plush seating for up to 10 in the cabanas and they're stocked with six water bottles and pool towels, and come with privacy shades and wireless internet. Lawn games are another feature.
Reservations are required.
Sign up for Newsday's Travel newsletter Plan small day trips, big getaways and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Evans says Gloucester's herd mentality has helped them and other players get through their injury problems.
The 26-year-old also spoke about the possibility of playing at openside flanker, back-row competition and revealed that they can eat a whole 20in Fat Toni's large pizza as they answered questions sent in to Gloucestershire Live by fans.
Take a look at the answers below.
Do you feel fully recovered from your injuries? (John McLellan)
I feel really good. It was really nice playing the A-League game against Exeter and then play again on Friday (against Ospreys), to be running around injury free.
The surgery that I had was on an injury I'd been carrying for a while and it was a case of: could I continue playing with an injury?
It's always on the back of your mind, it takes up a lot of your thinking and it's not a very nice place to be but now I feel good and ready to go so it's a great feeling and a weight off the shoulders.
How do players deal with being out of match action with long term injuries? (forresterinyorks, Shedweb)
It's hard. Everyone deals with it differently but one thing that's great in this environment is we're all rugby players.
If you go into that changing room, there wouldn't be many boys who haven't had surgery at some point.
Everyone knows what it's like, everyone knows how hard it is and it's a good group where everyone gets around each other and keeps each other going.
If you're in the rehab group there's normally more than one of you and it's a really tight-knit group.
Everyone pulls each other along and if someone's having a bad day everyone else pulls them along.
It's that team herd mentality that pulls us through.
With seemingly a lot of competition for back row place, when do you normally get told whether or not you are in the starting XV for the weekend game? (Ferret, Shedweb)
Normally we find out on Tuesday morning. There's a lot of competition at the moment, you've just got to look at Ruan (Ackermann) who has come in this season and is going really well, Jake Polledri is having a fantastic season and has deservedly been called up by Italy so there's no rest for the wicked as they say.
You've just got to keep plugging away and hopefully impress the coaches and get more chances.
Have you and/or the coaching team, given the changes to the laws, considered trying you at openside? (Ken Burney, Shedweb)
It's not really something I've spoken about.
I came on for Will (Safe) on Friday at seven and it's something I'm comfortable with.
I don't feel that the law change necessarily affects me massively because I'm quite confident getting over the ball as it is.
Especially the way we play as well as the law change there isn't a huge demand for that jackal threat over the ball so I feel more than happy to play six, seven or eight to be honest.
I'm just happy to get on the field whenever I can.
It doesn't make a huge difference to me and I don't think it matters too much in our structures either so going forward I'll be putting my hand up for any shirt I can get my hand on.
Why did you pass to Charlie in Perpignan? (Legendoft'Autostrada, Shedweb)
I must get asked this at least once a year.
I was young, big stage. I thought they were screaming for the ball so I passed it to him.
It's one of those things I always had in my head when I played with guys like Charlie, he's a lot faster than I am and if he's calling for the ball there's probably a reason so give it to him.
Do you regret it?
Yes, quite a lot! I've only watched it back once because it was a bit much and I didn't really enjoy watching it so I don't tend to look at it but it's one of those things, it happened and we still scored so I don't mind too much.
What's your favourite cheat meal? (Glaws, Shedweb)
My go-to is a Fat Toni's pizza. If I'm properly hungry I can put away a large one myself. It's good stuff.
The largest Apple Authorised Premium Reseller in Malaysia, Machines Sdn Bhd (Machines) today announced that it will be holding the Machines 12.12 online sale; its first ever sale held completely on its online store.
For 12 days, from 12 December 2017 until 24 December 2017, Machines will be offering great savings on the Apple Watch (priced from RM999), iPad Pro 9.7″ (cellular) at RM1,599, iPad Pro 12.9″ (Wifi) at RM1999, iPhone 6 from RM1499, MacBook Air (priced from RM2,999), MacBook (priced from RM3,999), Macbook Pro (priced from RM6,999), and other items with discounts of up to 80% off retail prices.
All purchases from the Machines online store comes with free delivery to customers in Peninsular and East Malaysia. Customers have the option of home delivery or can opt to collect their purchases from selected Machines stores. Payment can be made via online transfer or locally issued credit cards.
“As the countdown to Christmas nears, we want to give our customers an opportunity to find the perfect gift for their loved ones – or for themselves,” said Andrew Cheng, Director of Machines. “We chose to hold the sale online to give our customers the best deals without having to brave the holiday crowds”.
All products are in their original packaging and come with a one (1) year manufacturer warranty from the date of purchase. In addition, smartwatches purchased during the sale are also eligible for the Machines Protection Plan – a two-year extended warranty that protects products against accidental damage.
While the sale prices will only be applicable starting from 12 December 2017, customers are currently able to browse the available products on the Machines online store.
For more information and a full list of products, visit the Machines Malaysia website or call the Machines Support Hotline at +603-9212 2606.
Machine has 14 stores within Klang Valley including at Suria KLCC, The Curve and Northpoint Mid Valley, 1 in Pahang and 2 stores in Johor Bahru.
It wasn't the question most of Shopify's board of directors had been expecting.
The six individuals — all white, five of them male — had just concluded the business portion of the annual shareholders' meeting Wednesday morning and had opened the proceedings to queries from ordinary shareholders.
Given what a spectacular year Shopify had just concluded — revenue in 2017 had jumped 73 per cent, pushing the share price to record levels — the directors, the flight attendants of the company, were anticipating a gentle time of it.
Meriel Bradford, a shareholder and retiree, was the first to grasp the microphone. They had warned Shopify's CEO and co-founder Tobias Lütke privately what was coming, but didn't know if they had shared this with their fellow directors.
Bradford, a former vice-president of Teleglobe and senior bureaucrat at Global Affairs and other federal departments, spoke with authority. They told the directors diversity was important for any company aspiring to be global.
“This board doesn't have it,” they said.
Bradford had their attention. “What's the problem and how can we help you fix it?”
Responsibility for the answer fell to John Phillips, head of the board committee responsible for finding candidates to serve as director. Phillips acknowledged the preponderance of white males on Shopify's board before adding, “We're constantly searching for great talent.”
It was a weak response. Bradford pressed the point. “I suggest your search technique is poor,” they said before taking them seat.
It's difficult to deny the boardrooms of many high-tech firms lack diversity, whether it involves gender, colour or sexual orientation. But was Bradford's assertion fair?
This newspaper examined the makeup of the boards that guide 15 companies that Shopify considers its peers, at least when it comes to the important matter of compensation for executives and directors. (These included firms such as HubSpot, Zendesk, Cornerstone OnDemand, Atlassian and Etsy, which were listed in the circular distributed in advance of Wednesday's meeting of shareholders.)
Most of the peer firms have eight or nine directors, more than Shopify's six, and do exhibit more diversity, especially when it comes to gender. Half of Zendesk's eight directors are women, for instance, as is the case at Etsy.
Given that high-tech firms tend to draw heavily from the male-dominated worlds of engineering and finance for their board talent, this is all the more notable.
Just two of Atlassian's nine board members are women but one, Shona Brown, runs the show as chair.
As for colour, well, let's just say visible minorities in this group are generally the exception. Nevertheless, the companies do appear to be making some strides diversifying in general.
For instance, Cornerstone OnDemand, a California software firm, has nominated former Jiva Software CEO Elisa Steele to serve as chair of the board. Steele is expected to be confirmed in this role June 14.
Boston-based Wayfair, another software firm that Shopify counts among its peers, last month named Andrea Jung to its board. Jung, the former CEO of Avon Products, is a well-known pioneer for business persons and also serves on the board of Apple.
Five weeks ago, another Boston-based software peer, HubSpot, revealed that India-born, Brazilian-raised entrepreneur Avanish Sahai had joined the firm's directors.
At the conclusion of Shopify's shareholders' meeting at the firm's Elgin Street headquarters, Bradford chatted amiably with fellow shareholders. A couple of Shopify employees came by to introduce themselves, but none from management or the board. “It surprises me that no one is reaching out,” they said referring to the top guns.
It's perhaps less puzzling if you examine the detail of the management circular distributed in advance of the meeting. In it, there's a section that deals with the company's policy on diversity. It notes the board of directors “values diversity of abilities, experience, perspective, education, gender, background, race and national origin.” When considering nominees for the board, the policy reads, “diversity is taken into consideration. Currently, one of our six directors (Gail Goodman) is a woman.”
Bradford's point was simply that Shopify can do better than that.
Also read:ottawacitizen.com/business/local-business/the-strange-alchemy-of-shopifys-millennials
ARSON Squad detectives have charged a suspected firebug in relation to two deliberately lit blazes in Beckenham.
It will be alleged a 48-year-old Beckenham man started two scrub fires in Bonewood Court around 5.25am on January 2 and again around 11.15am on January 20.
On both occasions Department of Fire and Emergency Services attended and were able to contain and extinguish the fires before any nearby homes were damaged.
The man has been charged with two counts of lighting a fire likely to injure or damage under the Bushfires Act.
 They are due to appear in Perth Magistrates Court today.
St. Thomas is piloting a program of peer-led support for employees (whether faculty or staff) whose dependents have a mental health challenge. The first organizational meeting will be Monday, Oct. 16, from noon-1 p.m. in the Summit Classroom Building, Room 301.
One of the most difficult parts of being a parent or guardian of someone with mental health challenges is finding support for themselves. Although there are programs after working hours offered by organizations such as NAMI, it is hard to take time away from the dependent for one's own self-care.
It has been proposed that the group will meet over the lunch hour every other week on the St. Paul campus. In addition to offering support, they could also help address stigma around mental health for the St. Thomas community. At the first meeting, the group will discuss the best ways to support employees on both campuses.
Those who are interested in joining or utilizing such a program, please come to the first meeting or contact either Corrine Carvalho, interim dean of the School of Social Work, Jill Manske, chair of the Health and Human Performance Department, or Lucy Payne, associate dean of the College of Education, Leadership and Counseling.
Actress Scarlett Johansson is once again at the center of a casting controversy after they accepted a role as a transgender man in the upcoming film Rug & Tug.
In the film, Johansson will recount the true story of Jean Marie Gil, who was born a woman before identifying themselves as a man. Under the name Dante “Tex” Gill, they operated a massage parlor and prostitution ring in Pittsburgh in the 1970s.
However, the decision to give Johansson the role has caused anger among gender activists who claim the role should have been given to a real transgender man. Many took to Twitter to express their outrage.
Scarlett Johansson is playing a trans man in their next movie because their ultimate career goal is to take an acting job from a member of each and every marginalized group. — Faith Choyce (@faithchoyce) July 3, 2018
Literally the LEAST you could do when making a movie about trans people is to cast a trans person in the role that was written for them. Scarlett Johansson needs to stop naievely choosing roles, and studios need to do better. — Derek Abolish ICE Sherry 🌹 (@NotKyleSherry) July 4, 2018
Scarlett Johansson is canceled. — 💖✨Mel✨💖 (@grungeugly) July 4, 2018
I cannot get over how selfish Scarlett Johansson is — Quinn (for now) ♥️💜💙 (@jademoonfire) July 4, 2018
No offense to Scarlett Johansson but there are many beautiful trans women in the world, and I MEAN MANY…so ask Hollywood to keep looking! — Tshepi Makhatha (@TshepiMakhatha) July 4, 2018
What's next? Is Scarlett Johansson going to play Barack Obama? — Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) July 4, 2018
In a statement provided to Bustle, Johansson downplayed the controversy and referenced other actors who have played the roles of transgender characters. “Tell them they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment,” they said.
Yet Johansson's detractors have also pointed to the fact that they received similar criticism last year for their role in Ghost in the Shell, where they played a Japanese character that led to accusations of “whitewashing.”
scarlett johansson is gonna work with the ghost in the shell director AGAIN but this time she's gonna play a trans man pic.twitter.com/G9BrZLbedF — maría (@brujasescarlata) July 3, 2018
Johansson responded to the Ghost criticism in an interview with Marie Clare, where they claimed they “certainly would never presume to play another race of a person.”
“Diversity is important in Hollywood, and I would never want to feel like I was playing a character that was offensive,” they explained. “Also, having a franchise with a female protagonist driving it is such a rare opportunity. Certainly, I feel the enormous pressure of that — the weight of such a big property on my shoulders.”
The 33-year-old actor is also known for their political activism. They were a prominent participant in this year's anti-Trump Women's March and remains a vociferous advocate for the abortion industry. Last year, the Avengers star even teased a possible run for political office once their acting career has progressed.
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com.
SYDNEY, Oct. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — CME Group, the world's leading and most diverse derivatives marketplace, today announced the official opening of a new office in Australia.
Located in Sydney's Central Business District, the new office affirms the company's commitment to growth in Asia Pacific, and comes at a time when CME Group's business in the region continues to experience healthy growth. CME Group's Q2 2017 average daily volume from Asia Pacific stood at 637,000 contracts, up 5 percent compared to Q2 2016, largely driven by growth across volumes in Interest Rates (24%), Foreign Exchange (22%) and Metals (14%) products.
“Continuing our international expansion is key to servicing the needs of our clients, and having a foothold in Sydney puts us in a better position to support market participants in Australia,” said Terry Duffy, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, CME Group. “Australia is a key international financial centre and commodity hub, and our office here will enable us to deliver our ever-expanding range of risk management solutions to our growing key client segments across asset managers, banking, commercials, hedge funds and proprietary trading.”
“2017 is an exciting time for CME Group in Asia Pacific, as we celebrate 30 years since we set up our first office in the Asia Pacific region in Tokyo back in 1987,” said Christopher Fix, Managing Director and Head of Asia Pacific, CME Group. “Australia is central to CME Group's growth plans, being in the top five contributors of our revenues in the region, and we are excited to be able to bring our expertise and products here to help our clients with their risk management needs, especially in the areas of OTC clearing and trade repository services.”
CME Group's Sydney office will be led by Simon Raybould, Head of Australia. Raybould was previously a non-executive director at CME Europe, and they have more than 35 years of experience in the financial services industry, including in various senior positions at Barclays, Euronext Liffe, and MF Global.
With the latest office opening in Sydney, CME Group now has offices across seven locations in Asia Pacific, including Bangalore, Beijing, Hong Kong, Seoul, Singapore and Tokyo. CME Group currently has about 300 employees in Asia Pacific across various roles, including business development, clearing, customer service, marketing, market operations, quantitative engineering, sales, and technology.
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. has been licensed by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) to operate a derivatives trade repository for foreign exchange, commodities, credit, equity and interest rate asset classes, providing multi-asset class reporting solutions to help market participants comply with their global regulatory reporting requirements. CME Group has also worked closely with buy-side and sell-side participants in building a multi-asset class OTC clearing solution, and offers Australian market participants the broadest product scope with 21 IRS currencies, as well as 12 non-deliverable swaps and 26 cash-settled forwards.
More information on CME Group's Australian Trade Repository can be found here:- http://www.cmegroup.com/ trading/global-repository- services/cme-australian-trade- repository.html, and more information on CME Group's OTC Clearing Solutions can be found here:- http://www.cmegroup.com/ trading/otc/.
As the world's leading and most diverse derivatives marketplace, CME Group (www.cmegroup.com) is where the world comes to manage risk. CME Group exchanges offer the widest range of global benchmark products across all major asset classes, including futures and options based on interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural products and metals. Around the world, CME Group brings buyers and sellers together through its CME Globex® electronic trading platform and its exchanges based in Chicago, New York and London. CME Group also operates one of the world's leading central counterparty clearing providers through CME Clearing and CME Clearing Europe, which offer clearing and settlement services across asset classes for exchange-traded and over-the-counter derivatives. CME Group's products and services ensure that businesses around the world can effectively manage risk and achieve growth.
Thousands of people staged a protest Friday in an impoverished Moroccan city over the latest fatality in the region's “mines of death”, the third such victim since December, witnesses said.
The protest was staged outside the morgue of the hospital in the northeastern town of Jerada, where security forces were deployed to keep order in the wake of Thursday's deadly accident.
Shops stayed shuttered as the crowd accompanied the body of the latest “martyr” of the area's abandoned coal pits, Abderrahman Zakaria, 32, to the cemetery for their funeral.
The government said a ministerial delegation would soon visit the region to look into the grievances of local residents.
Mass protests against economic marginalisation broke out in the city in December after two brothers died in a tunnel accident.
Each day hundreds of people risk their lives to extract coal by hand from the shuttered pits.
-AFP
By The Associated Press
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments over the weekend on KFOR-TV's public affairs show. They also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
LGBTQ advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma has called for their removal from the board if they don't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson says Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said they were out of town Monday and unavailable to comment.
Advertisement
Stevenson said Monday their group will protest an Oklahoma City real estate project that belongs to Humphreys' family business if they don't apologize.
Mark Herrmann Herrmann has covered the Mets and Yankees since 1988, and has been Newsday's national golf writer since 2002. A former Mets beat reporter, they have covered baseball's special events, including the World Series and the All-Star Game Show More email twitter
HIGHLIGHTS Rangers coach invokes Sergio Garcia analogy that all bad things come to an end
Their team brings a six-game home playoff losing streak into Game 4
Now it has become a Thing, this Rangers malaise at Madison Square Garden. It is hovering over them like a leaden cloud, it envelops them like a straitjacket. The coach insists it can be overcome and, for inspiration, pointed to the fellow in a green jacket.
“Knock it out of your mind and go out and play. That's what the guy who just won the Masters did,” Alain Vigneault said a day after the Rangers showed that they desperately need a mulligan and a week and a day after Sergio Garcia overcame their torment and finally won a major championship.
“He knocked all those bad rounds or majors out of their head and they went out and won. Most of the experts, most of the fans thought they couldn't do it, but they did,” the Rangers coach and golf enthusiast said after a rare off-day practice at the Garden.
OK, we recognize what is supposed to come next. Here is the natural spot for the proverbial hockey/golf joke. You know, something along the lines of, “If the Rangers don't play better in Game 4 on Tuesday night than they did at home against Montreal on Sunday, then they will be on the golf course soon enough.” We get it.
But this situation is too weird for clichés. The glorious building between Seventh and Eighth Avenues has become the World's Most Famous Jinx. The Rangers went all of March without winning there. In the playoffs, it is worse. The home side has lost six in a row, not having won since a 2-1 decision over the Lightning on May 16, 2015.
Worst of all, the place was quiet Sunday. Former Ranger Ray Ferraro said on the national telecast that it was the quietest they have ever heard the building for a playoff game. Canadiens captain Max Pacioretty, who grew up a Rangers fan in Connecticut, said Monday that the place didn't have its usual intimidating bite.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“It might have been the frustration the other side had,” they said. “We know that's not going to be the case [in Game 4]. This is a special place to play and this team gets a lot of energy from its crowd despite what people are saying about their home record. That always changes in the playoffs.”
They have a point. A home game is no guarantee (a gimme, in golf terms) in the modern National Hockey League. Heading into action Monday night, road teams had won more games than home teams in this year's Stanley Cup playoffs, 11 to nine.
“I have no idea why that is,” Rangers defenseman Brendan Smith said, then added a conjecture: “I think it's just parity. It's hard to win in this game. It's hard to close out games. And sometimes it's just how the cookie crumbles.”
But the Rangers' situation is an exception to the rule. It is not a statistical blip. It is a Thing. Players and coaches are beyond looking for a cause. “If it was just one thing to point out, we could correct it,” Henrik Lundqvist said. They are at the point of trying not to have it dominate their thoughts and make them grip their sticks too tightly.
They are not blaming the fans or the Garden itself. “Coming in as a visitor, you're always nervous because it's Madison Square Garden. There's a little bit of a fear factor in that sense because it's such a great building,” said Smith, acquired from the Red Wings on Feb. 28. Rookie teammate Brady Skjei said, “We love playing here. It's an awesome place.”
Pacioretty respects every bit of the Garden experience, from the Potvin chant to their personal favorite attraction, the frenetic gyrations of Dancing Larry. “I saw them in the bathroom once,” the Canadiens captain said of a then-fellow fan whom they considered a celebrity.
Vigneault tried to downplay the slump, saying this is a new year and that Sunday was just one game. But they know better. They probably also knows that the only approach is the one that won for Garcia at Augusta: Acknowledge the drought and meet it head on. That's the only way to master it.
“Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.” Winston Churchill
“Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof.” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
The Rangers' 263 goals allowed this past season were the fourth-worst in the NHL and 37 more than they scored. That's a problem. Of course, it isn't just the defensemen who have to play defense, and the team's playing style under coach Alain Vigneault was more focused on offense, and therefore was always going to leave the team vulnerable at the back end. But still, the Rangers' defensemen did not distinguish themselves in 2017-18.
Injuries — and the team's decision to give up on the present and focus instead on building for the future — left the Rangers playing with a mostly AHL-caliber defense by the end of the season. But it's not like all the goals they conceded came after the trade deadline.
Here's a detailed look at the performances of the Rangers' defensemen in 2017-18. Advanced statistics provided by Corsica Hockey, and salary figures provided by Cap Friendly.
Tony DeAngelo
32 games, 0 goals, 8 assists, -18, 11 PIM
Cap hit $863,333; signed through 2018-19
DeAngelo, a native of Sewell, New Jersey, came to the Rangers in the blockbuster draft day deal that sent No. 1 center Derek Stepan and backup goalie Antti Raanta to the Arizona Coyotes. The major part of the deal was the No. 7 pick overall in the 2017 draft, which the Rangers used to take forward Lias Andersson, but DeAngelo was an intriguing prospect himself, albeit one who came with plenty of baggage.
A righthanded-shooting, offensively skilled defenseman, DeAngelo had put up five goals and nine assists in 39 games as a rookie with the Coyotes in 2016-17. But they also had a three-game suspension for abuse of an official — and they had a history of suspensions in junior hockey. He'd been suspended twice in the OHL, once for mouthing to an official and once for comments to a teammate, before they were taken in the first round (No. 19 overall) by the Tampa Bay Lightning in 2014. And they were suspended once more for more verbal abuse of officials the season after he'd been drafted. DeAngelo was a healthy scratch for eight games for Tampa Bay's AHL team in Syracuse in 2015-16 for reported “attitude issues'' before Tampa Bay traded them to Arizona in the summer of 2016 for the discounted price of a second-round pick.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
But DeAngelo made the Rangers out of training camp and played eight games in October, registering 1 assist, 2 PIM, and a minus-4 defensive rating before they eventually are sent down to Hartford. They were recalled Jan. 19, when the Rangers announced Kevin Shattenkirk would have knee surgery, and though they struggled defensively, they were an asset on the power play, where they had six of their eight assists. A high ankle sprain in mid-March ended their season.
He'll get a long look in training camp, but how long a leash will they have? He's an undersized (5-11, 181) defenseman who has trouble playing defense, though they can provide something the Rangers can use — offense from the blue line and power-play quarterbacking.
John Gilmour
28 games, 2 goals, 3 assists, -11, 14 PIM
Cap hit $742,500; RFA
Another one of the youngsters who finished the season with the big club, Gilmour made their NHL debut on Feb. 9 in a 4-3 win over the Calgary Flames at the Garden. That was the first game the Rangers played after management had presented its now famous letter to fans announcing its decision to throw in the towel on the season and start to rebuild. Gilmour got 28 games to get a headstart on showing management whether they should be part of the future. Their highlight was scoring the overtime goal that gave the Rangers a wild, 6-5 win at Vancouver in the first game after the Feb. 26 trade deadline.
But when you're playing in meaningless games, it's hard to truly evaluate worth. Gilmour, a lefthanded shot, spent much of the time playing the right side on the third defense pair, with Rob O'Gara. And they didn't particularly distinguish themselves in that role. They got some games on the left side, and things went a little better for him, but the jury remains out on whether he'll be part of the future.
Steven Kampfer
22 games, 0 goals, 1 assist, -7, 20 PIM
Cap hit $650,000; Signed through 2018-19
The only member of the current Rangers who owns a Stanley Cup ring (2011 with Boston, when they were a rookie), Kampfer spent the season as the seventh or eighth defenseman until injuries — and the organization's decision to pull the plug on the season — reshaped the roster. Then the poor guy suffered a broken hand in mid-February that ended their season.
At 29, and having spent most of their career splitting time between the NHL and AHL, Kampfer may have been a surprise to make the team out of training camp, especially with so many prospects in the system (and more being added in the team's trade deadline selloff). But the 5-11, 195-pounder offered two things the Rangers sorely needed: grit, and a righthanded shot to play the right side.
Kampfer does something not a lot of their teammates do: They hit people. And they block shots. In their 22 games, Kampfer led the team in hits per game with 2.09 (46 hits in 22 games), and they had the most blocked shots per game of anyone who finished the season with the team. (Former captain Ryan McDonagh was the leading shot blocker at 2.63 per game, with 129 in 49 games.)
Rob O'Gara
22 games, 0 goals, 3 assists, -2, 6 PIM
Cap hit $925,000; RFA
The Nesconset native had a slow start when they first came to the team from Boston in the trade for Nick Holden. Having played most of the season to that point with the Bruins' AHL team in Providence, they initially looked a little slow against NHL forwards. But gradually, they settled in and turned out to be a decent stay-at-home defenseman and a capable penalty-killer.
O'Gara is different than the other young defensemen who finished the season with the club. He's bigger than the other guys — 6-4 and 215 pounds — and they make their own end their top priority and isn't always looking to join the rush. Most of the time they played on the left side of the third pair, with Gilmour, but they got a look on the second pair, with Brady Skjei, while the coaching staff was trying to see how well Skjei could handle the right side. At the end, O'Gara was back on the third pair, and this time on the right side, where they admittedly are much less comfortable.
Neal Pionk
28 games, 1 goal, 13 assists, -1, 12 PIM
Cap hit $925,000; signed through 2018-19
Pionk made their debut Feb. 9 and they quickly are on the top defensive pairing, with Marc Staal. They were universally lauded as the best-performing of all the young defensemen down the stretch. It was hard to find something they didn't do well. They played in all situations — power play, even strength, penalty kill — and excelled in all of them. They matched up against opposing teams' top forwards, generated offense for themselves and teammates, and even — at an unimposing 6-feet, 190 pounds — was one of the team's most physical defensemen, registering 49 hits in 28 games (1.75 average). That was second among defensemen who finished the season on the club, behind only Steven Kampfer (2.09). Their 1.46 blocked shots per game was third (behind Kampfer and Rob O'Gara).
Pionk said they aren't taking anything for granted. They know the Rangers' roster is still unsettled, knows there are several much-hyped prospects who will be in training camp in the fall, and therefore knows they can't assume anything regarding next season. Still, it's hard to imagine the 22-year-old not being a major piece of the team's defense come October.
Kevin Shattenkirk
46 games, 5 goals, 18 assists, -14, 44 PIM
Cap hit $6.65 million; signed through 2020-21
Signed last summer as a free agent, Shattenkirk seemed to be not playing well in the first half of the season and it actually had to come as a relief to some when they finally went to the team in January to tell them their knee had been bothering him. They ended up having what turned out to be season-ending surgery, but they should be fine when training camp starts in September.
Again, no one knows what GM Jeff Gorton will do this summer (trade for Erik Karlsson? Sign free agent John Carlson?), but if the Rangers don't make a big move for a bigger name defenseman in the offseason, then Shattenkirk will be expected to be a leader both on the stat sheet and in the locker room in 2018-19.
Brady Skjei
82 games, 4 goals, 21 assists, -27, 39 PIM
Cap hit $925,000; RFA
Skjei was one of the young guys before the Rangers tore down their roster. After the trade deadline, though, the 24-year-old from Lakeville, Minnesota, was suddenly one of the veterans — a guy who was expected to lead, both by their play on the ice and their presence in the locker room. And the results were mixed.
Skjei was the only Ranger to play in all 82 games, but by most accounts, their play slipped from their rookie season in 2016-17. They had one less goal and 13 fewer assists than they did the year before and their plus/minus went from plus-11 to minus-27. Some of that reasonably can be attributed to playing within a team that had less talent, but the truth is, people expected growth from Skjei, and not a step back.
Being forced to take on a leadership role may spur Skjei to step up and bounce back next season. The Rangers certainly hope so.
Brendan Smith
44 games, 1 goal, 7 assists, +2, 69 PIM
Cap hit $4.35 million (if in NHL); signed through 2020-21
The rugged 6-2, 211-pounder had a dream summer and a nightmare season.
Smith played well for the Rangers after coming over from Detroit in February 2017, and was perhaps their best defenseman in the playoffs. They signed a four-year, $17.4 million contract last summer. They also got married, which made 2017 a pretty eventful summer. But they were out of shape when they got to training camp, and by all accounts did not play well when the season started. They spent a lot of nights as a healthy scratch, and eventually was waived and banished to the minor leagues, where they would end the season on the injured list after breaking their hand in a fight with Hartford teammate Vinni Lettieri.
But you know what? If they get themselves back in shape, and recommits themselves to being an NHL player, there's no reason they couldn't make a return to the Rangers next season. All the things the team liked about them are still true — he's big, tough and a good skater — and those are all things the Rangers will need going forward.
Ryan Sproul
16 games, 1 goal, 4 assists, -6, 6 PIM
Cap hit $625,000; UFA
Do they count as one of the young guys?
Well, he's 25 and has played 44 NHL games, so maybe. But he's played professional hockey for five seasons and has played 262 games in the AHL, so they look a lot more like a career minor-leaguer than a guy who will be a serious candidate to be part of the Rangers next season.
What do they bring? Well, he's a righthanded shot, which seemed to be a fairly important thing for the club this past season. And he's got some offensive skill (he's scored 39 goals in the AHL, including 10 in 44 games for Hartford this season). But if they were on audition after they were called up for the final 12 games to replace the injured Tony DeAngelo, they never did anything that would grab anyone's attention. Will they be back? Seems doubtful.
Marc Staal
72 games, 1 goal, 7 assists, +11, 18 PIM
Cap hit $5.7 million; signed through 2020-21
The former first-round pick (No. 12 overall, 2005) began training camp being challenged by coach Alain Vigneault, who declared that they would need to earn their roster spot and ice time despite their veteran status and hefty, no-move contract. They certainly met the challenge, and by the end of the season, Staal was the Rangers' leader on defense, providing stability on the top pair, with outstanding rookie Neal Pionk, and serving as the leader of the team's Kiddie Corps defense after the trade deadline.
A lot of people don't put stock in the plus/minus figure anymore, but it's worth noting that on a team that gave up 37 more goals than it scored, only two players on the roster at the end of the season had a plus-rating (Kevin Hayes was plus-1). So Staal being plus-11 says something positive about their season.
They don't score as much as they used to, and after a few scary injuries over their 11-year career, they don't hit as much as they used to, either. But you need a veteran who can show the kids the way, and Staal fulfilled that role this season. Moving forward, Shattenkirk should be back, and Gorton may bring in a big-name veteran or two, but Staal, 31, should still have value to the organization as a guy who can take care of their own end, play on the penalty kill, and provide the kind of important leadership that rebuilding teams need.
THE PROSPECTS
The Rangers are rebuilding, so a number of prospects figure to make the club, or at least, several who will get a really long look in training camp. Two of the bigger names on defense are Libor Hajek and Ryan Lindgren, both acquired at the trade deadline.
Libor Hajek
58 games, 12 goals, 27 assists, 32 PIM (with Saskatoon/Regina of the WHL)
Cap hit $864,167; signed through 2020-21
Acquired from Tampa Bay in the trade for Ryan McDonagh and J.T. Miller, Hajek will be an NHL defenseman and is ready to compete for a spot immediately, according to their coach with the Regina Pats, John Paddock, a former Rangers farm team coach. Hajek, traded in midseason from Saskatoon to Regina, where they played in the WHL playoffs for the first time. They did suffer an undisclosed injury in Game 4 that caused them to miss the final three games against Swift Current. Assuming they are OK to make training camp, he'll certainly be in the competition for a roster spot in the fall.
Ryan Lindgren
10 games, 2 goals, 2 assists, 23 PIM (at AHL Hartford)
35 games, 2 goals, 7 assists 51 PIM (at the University of Minnesota)
Cap hit $925,000; signed through 2020-21
Acquired from the Bruins as part of the Rick Nash trade, Lindgren is a physical, stay-at-home defenseman who was a highly regarded prospect by the Bruins. He's 6-feet, 202 pounds, and has plenty of credentials: Captain of the 2016 U.S. U18 team, member of the gold medal-winning U.S. team at the 2017 World Juniors and the 2018 team that captured bronze. They were an alternate captain at Minnesota as a sophomore, and is a two-time honorable mention performer in the Big Ten conference. Again, depending on what players are brought in over the summer, Lindgren should have a real chance to make the Rangers in the fall.
The conduct of Carl P. Nunn, 30, was "egregious," said their defense attorney Chris Lesch, but the 15 original charges against them – including kidnapping – were "inappropriate."
Nunn was indicted for an assault of their now ex-girlfriend that happened in November 2016. The victim told police they had been strangled several times till they blacked out, dragged around by their ankles, an driven in a truck that was crashed into a ditch. After they were arrested, authorities monitored "many" of the phone calls that Nunn made to the victim as they attempted to bribe them to stop cooperating in the case.
Lesch and assistant district attorney Dan Doty reached an agreement in the case. Nunn pleaded to one count of felony assault and one count of unlawful contact. They were ordered to serve five years and one year respectively, but those will run concurrently for a flat five year jail term.
Five years for the third degree assault was the maximum, said Lesch. Nunn has two prior felony convictions and Judge Tina Reigh found them to be a "worst offender" in this case.
After they pleaded guilty in September, the court allowed Nunn to be released to spend time with their ailing father, who has now passed away. Their conduct while out of custody was praised by both sides, and Judge Reigh told the young man they hoped they had reached a turning point in their life.
They were ordered to remand to the Dillingham by 4 p.m. Friday to begin the remainder of their sentence.
Andrew Hartman, a professor of history at Illinois State University, argues that there is no campus free speech problem. They claim that college campuses are more tolerant than ever.
The latter claim may be true if you're a transgender illegal immigrant advocating communism. But what is Hartman's evidence that conservatives don't have a problem speaking freely and hearing others express conservative views on campus?
They present precious little. They note that student protests are nothing new. But student protests aren't the issue. The free speech problem for conservatives doesn't exist because left-wing students protest. It exists because, among other affronts, conservative speakers often aren't welcome on campus and speech codes restrict the free speech rights of conservative students.
When I was at Dartmouth in the late 1960s, we protested the Vietnam War. We even took over the administration building. But it never occurred to us to storm the library to berate, much less assault, students who didn't join our protest. Yet that's what happened a few years ago in Hanover during the era Hartman deems more tolerant than ever.
Hartman also notes that there was alarm over lack college speech codes in the early 1990s. They neglect to explain how this shows there is no free speech problem today.
The alarm in the 1990s was justified. What happened then was a precursor of what's happening now.
However, the 1990s did not feature shouting down speakers or physically assaulting them, at least not to the extent we see on campuses today. Hartman makes no attempt to demonstrate otherwise.
When they finally get around to presenting evidence, Hartman relies on a survey by FIRE in which, they say, “the vast majority of students, including conservatives, feel relatively uninhibited in expressing their views.” (Emphasis added)
The word “relatively” is doing a lot of work for Hartman. The FIRE poll found that more than half of students (54%) have stopped themselves from sharing an idea or opinion in class at some point since beginning college. Almost half (44%) have stopped themselves from sharing an opinion on campus outside of the classroom.
Among the listed reasons for not expressing themselves outside of the classroom, 39% selected that they thought they might offend someone, 38% selected that they self-censored because another person might judge them, 34% because they might hurt someone's feelings, and 29% because they thought that their idea might be politically incorrect. You can bet that it is conservative students, overwhelmingly, who have self-censored for these reasons.
Hartman also relies on the finding that only 2% of those surveyed by FIRE say they themselves would participate in actions that would prevent a guest speaker event from taking place. Only 1% say they would use violence to disrupt an event.
But a survey of students conducted by John Villasenor, a Brookings Institution senior fellow and University of California at Los Angeles professor, found that one-fifth of undergrads say it's acceptable to use physical force to silence a speaker who makes “offensive and hurtful statements.” As for silencing speakers through shouting over them, half of the students surveyed think this is okay.
These results were reported in the Washington Post. Catherine Rampell, a liberal columnist, found them “chilling.”
Was Hartman not aware of them? Or did they exclude them from discussion because they don't support their thesis that “the kids are all right”?
Whatever the percentage of students who say they would participate in a shout-down, these infringements on free speech occur far too frequently. Conservative speakers are “disinvited” far too frequently. Conservative students don't express their opinions for fear of being deemed politically incorrect far too frequently.
That's why liberals like Jonathan Chait and Catherine Rampell, along with the non-conservative David Brooks, have expressed alarm. Hartman comes nowhere close to showing their alarm is unjustified.
DRESSED-UP TECHNOLOGY: For a fourth year, Epson is hosting its annual “digital couture project” pre-New York Fashion Week. The theme of the Feb. 6 presentation, to be held in New York, is “Cosmopolitan Couture with Impossible Colors — How Does Your Culture Dress Up?” Participating designers from North and Latin America will showcase designs that used Epson's textile printing solutions. Keith Kratzberg, president and chief executive officer of Epson America Inc., said the “future of fashion is customization — from the colors and prints, to the size and shape of garments — all on-demand.”
Kratzberg said the company's “digital-imaging technology is changing the business of fashion, providing a platform for designers to print higher-quality, more unique designs for customers on-demand, as well as the ability to print just in time.”
Prior to the fashion show, Epson is hosting a panel discussion on how digital technology is changing the fashion industry. Panel participants include: interior designer Ryan Korban; Mark Sunderland from Thomas Jefferson University, and Aliza Licht, executive vice president of brand marketing and communications for Alice + Olivia.
For more retail, business and technology news, see:
I believe Donald fancy's themselves one of Disney's Pretty princesses.
For the sake and reputation of the country I do hope this is Fake News.
If not it is deplorable.
I wonder if royal ambition is an impeachable offense.
Ego-Centric Trump Apparently Insisting on Riding in Queen's Gold Carriage During Buckingham Palace Visit
In 2017, the North Carolina Division of Public Health reported 5,762 emergency department visits for opioid overdoses – a 38 percent increase from 2016. According to the N.C. Department of Justice, nearly four North Carolinians die from a medication or drug overdose every day.
When Mike Dixon, pastor of Oakdale Baptist Church in Rocky Mount, realized the gravity of the state's opioid crisis, they and their church decided to act.
Contributed photo
In March of last year, Oakdale Baptist launched Living in Freedom Everyday (LIFE), an addiction recovery ministry. Today the ministry serves about 26 individuals through weekly fellowship and counseling, and it recently extended counseling services to family members dealing with a relative's substance abuse.
“The Lord delivered me from drugs and alcohol 30 years ago,” Dixon said. “I've had a burden to reach out to minister to those that are where I once was.”
Every Tuesday night, participants meet in two Edgecombe County locations for a free meal, co-ed Bible study and smaller group discussions, for which men and women meet separately. Dixon, a licensed clinical addiction specialist, said they approach counseling with a Biblical perspective, studying how scripture relates to participants' struggles.
“It's more about how you build your relationship with the Lord. For lost people, it's evangelism. For saved, it's discipleship,” they said.
LIFE's name is founded on John 10:10, “The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy. I came that they may have life and have it abundantly.”
Dixon based part of LIFE's curriculum on a book they wrote, “Casting Down Idols Through the Power of the Gospel.” The program takes one year to complete, but Oakdale invites people from the community to join at any time.
Dixon leads the ministry with a team of Oakdale Baptist members who have also overcome drug addiction in their own lives. They partner with Christian nonprofit detox and recovery programs such as Hebron Colony in Boone, N.C., and Bethel Colony of Mercy, in Lenoir, N.C., and connect individuals to those residential organizations when necessary.
LIFE also works with local law enforcement initiatives, such as the Nashville Police Department's Hope Initiative, which encourages anyone caught in substance abuse to bring drugs to the police without fear of charges, and guides them in beginning a recovery process.
“Part of our vision is to see it multiply, to help other churches implement the program,” Dixon said about LIFE. “We want to reach more people. The epidemic is just getting worse. Too many people are dying.”
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To Their Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
© Russia Insider
When the Soviet Union broke up, Gorbachev was promised that NATO would not extend any further East. History has shown this to be empty words. In the following clip taken from Russian news (with transcript below)On Tuesday, the US Senate received a law bill about new sanctions against Russia, for supposed interference into the future US Election. The interference is actually a myth, but it's needed to justify the forthcoming sanctions.That's how it was from the very beginning of Moscow's seemingly renewed relationship with the West that was offered to Washington, as the USSR was crumbling, by the first and last President of the USSR, Mikhail Gorbachev.the East and the West. Moreover,with just the one condition of"Not by a single inch," as Secretary of State Baker said to Gorbachev.As soon as Germany reunited and entered NATO,And words... what words? Who said them? Who heard them?And the obligations are officially documented on paper. Just before the New Year, the text was published by the National Security Archive in Washington. However, America's large press, such as the New York Times or the Washington Post, didn't take notice of the documents. It's just gainless for them. Since you can't explain NATO expansion to the East by Russia's aggression, the documented obligations don't look good at all.The only thing they can say is that the bilateral US-Soviet document was never agreed upon. But even if it were agreed upon, who will honestly believe that the US wouldn't have pulled out of it?Even if they do promise something, they only respect it while it's situationally advantageous for them. When it's time to break an agreement, then rationale takes over, and reasons are invented for creating new military bases like it was in Syria, or introducing new sanctions, like with Russia now.Because, as our close neighbors would say, America is "such a country".
Kenilworth Lions have donated £600 to help improve a Kenilworth health centre's walking scheme.
The donation will allow members of ‘Walking for Health', a scheme launched by Abbey Medical Centre in March to encourage people to get active, to have a regular room at the Kenilworth Centre over the next year where they can have a cup of tea and a chat.
The group had used the centre before, but it would not have been able to continue to use it as the group has very little money of its own.
Clive Reynolds, a member of Abbey's Patient Participation Group, says: “I know we won't be able to build this scheme as we plan without the continued use of the Kenilworth Centre, so we are extremely grateful for the Kenilworth Lions' financial support.
“We have acquired a core group of regulars who make sure they finish off the walk with gossip and laughter over a cup of tea – even to the extent of coming to the Kenilworth Centre when they haven't been able to make it for the walk.”
Walks take place every Friday at 12.30pm, leaving from Abbey Medical Centre in Station Road. It is open to all residents of Kenilworth plus visiting family and friends, and caters for all levels of fitness and mobility. For further details, contact Clive Reynolds on 07966 371732, email clivelynn7@gmail.com, or pick up a registration form from the surgery reception.
Rangers shortstop Elvis Andrus was given their second day off Wednesday and first since April 21. They lead the club with a .292 batting average and 15 doubles. Paul Moseley pmoseley@star-telegram.com
The South African was handed a two game ban for brushing Steve Smith.
The South African was handed a two game ban for brushing Steve Smith.
Independent commissioner Michael Heron has overturned Kagiso Rabada's two-Test ban, clearing South Africa's spearhead to play the rest of the series against Australia.
South African barrister Dali Mpofu successfully argued at Monday's six-hour hearing that the express paceman did not deliberately make contact with Steve Smith's shoulder during a screaming send-off that marred the second Test.
Rabada had their level-two charge of making "inappropriate and deliberate physical contact", which had resulted in three demerit points that triggered a two-Test suspension, thrown out.
Heron instead found the world's top-ranked Test bowler guilty of a minor level-one charge of conduct that is contrary to the spirit of the game, issuing a single demerit point and fine of 25 per cent of their match fee.
The reprieve is a significant boost for the Proteas' bid for their first home Test series win over Australia since the fall of apartheid.
It means the 22-year-old will retain their place in South Africa's XI for the third Test, which starts in Cape Town on Thursday.
Kagiso Rabada has had their ban overturned. Picture: Getty Images
The series is currently level at 1-1 after Rabada bowled their team to victory in Port Elizabeth, putting on a reverse-swing masterclass while snaring incredible figures of 11-150.
It also sets the stage for another fiery encounter between the rivals. Rabada, who was booked for two send-offs in Port Elizabeth, now has seven demerit points on their rap sheet and any further charge will trigger a two-Test ban.
Smith last month floated the idea of trying to provoke Rabada and it wouldn't surprise if that transpires at Newlands later this week.
"It could perhaps be a plan to try and get them fired up," Smith said at the time.
"You never know what some guys do when they're fired up."
Heron's verdict was somewhat of a surprise given Rabada told reporters last week they take "responsibility for what happened" and needs to stop "letting the team down".
"The key issue is whether Mr Rabada made 'inappropriate and deliberate physical contact' with Mr Smith. I am not 'comfortably satisfied' that Mr Rabada intended to make contact," Heron said in a statement.
"I consider the conduct was inappropriate, lacked respect for their fellow player and involved non-deliberate and minor contact. The actions contravened the principle that a dismissed batsman should be left alone.
"Rabada will be well aware of the consequences of any further breaches of the code."
Rabada was late to the Proteas' training session on Monday because of the hearing but will now have a standard lead-up to the third Test.
Australia opener Cameron Bancroft suggested on Monday that Australia are preparing to face Rabada in Cape Town, while Nathan Lyon suggested the tourists "don't really care what the end result is".
NEW YORK — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.” Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
Shit happens 😩 Have a happy and healthy new year everybody!🎉 Here's to making more headlines in 2017 😂 pic.twitter.com/0Td8se57jr — Mariah Carey (@MariahCarey) January 1, 2017
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set them up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavouring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
Residents and school officials are concerned about a growing number of teens performing dangerous bicycle stunts on busy Suffolk County roads and riding into oncoming traffic.
Parents in multiple Suffolk communities have been notified by school officials about the issue.
Kings Park Central School District Superintendent Timothy Egan warned about the “potentially deadly” trend in an email to parents last Friday. Egan has recently received reports of teens riding their bicycles into oncoming traffic and veering away at the last minute as well as doing wheelies on busy streets, they said, noting that incidents have been reported in Kings Park as well as in Commack.
Egan said they believe children are filming the stunts and posting the videos on social media, though it's unclear if any of these videos have surfaced.
“These activities are simply the latest danger to face our students,” Egan wrote in the email. “It is essential that parents and community members are aware of the influence that social media antics such as this have on our children.”
Suffolk County police said the department has responded to “dozens” of 911 calls “reporting groups of ‘youths' operating bicycles in a reckless manner or creating a hazardous condition,” according to a Sept. 25 letter sent to school districts and reviewed by Newsday.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Bicyclists have taken over public roads by riding in the traffic lane, and come “dangerously close to pedestrians and vehicles, seemingly on purpose” in commercial parking lots, police said.
According to the letter, such incidents have occurred on public roadways such as Deer Park Avenue, and at Tanger Outlet in Deer Park, where bicyclists rode through the mall while harassing customers and security personnel.
Nassau County police did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the trend.
Other school districts have shared police department warnings about the trend, including West Babylon Union Free School District, according to district representatives.
Elwood School District Superintendent Ken Bossert also sent a message to parents, asking them to speak with their children and said the district would be holding a social media safety workshop for parents in the coming months.
“Our biggest concern is for the safety of our children,” they wrote.
In East Islip, Susan Kavanagh said they encountered about 15 teens riding their bicycles into oncoming traffic on Main Street in August, causing cars and a bus to swerve out of their way.
“I felt like I was going to get hit by the cars that were moving out of the way or that I was going to hit one of those children,” said Kavanagh, 50, of East Islip, adding that their husband witnessed teens biking in and out of traffic in September in the same area.
Suffolk County Legis. Tom Cilmi (R-Bay Shore) said he's received complaints about the bicycle stunts from “hundreds of their constituents” and is imploring parents to talk to their children about this “dangerous behavior.”
“It's really a wonder that we haven't seen a horrific accident as a result of this,” Cilmi said. “My message to parents is that they have to talk to their kids about the rules of the road and about the dangers of using our public roadways.”
The City of Atlanta will open an emergency warming center in anticipation of frigid temperatures overnight. The center will open today at 6:00 p.m. and remain open until 12:00 p.m. Saturday. The warming center is located at the Old Adamsville Recreation Center, 3404 Delmar Lane NW, Atlanta, GA 30331. Transportation will be provided for those in need at The Gateway Center – 275 Pryor Street, Atlanta GA 30303.
BEIRUT (AP) — The United Nations children's agency said Sunday 137 children stranded in a rebel-held suburb near the Syrian capital require immediate evacuation amid a crippling siege in which five have reportedly died from a lack of medical care.
The Eastern Ghouta suburb, home to 400,000 residents, has been besieged since 2013 and humanitarian conditions there have deteriorated sharply amid violence that intensified since Nov. 14. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says at least 202 people, including 47 children, have been killed since.
The area, the last remaining rebel-held pocket near the capital Damascus, is technically part of a “de-escalation zone” brokered by Russia earlier this year. Cease-fires brokered by Russia have largely held elsewhere in Syria but there has been little progress toward a political solution to the conflict that has claimed nearly 400,000 lives since it began in 2011.
Syrian opposition and government delegates are currently in Geneva for a new round of U.N.-sponsored talks after a short break. The government delegation has protested the opposition's insistence on the absence of President Bashar Assad from any future transition period.
After a few days' absence, the government delegation returned to Geneva Sunday for talks which are due to resume Monday.
In its statement Sunday, UNICEF said its aid workers described seeing one of the worst health situations since the conflict began in 2011 during a rare international aid convoy to a neighborhood in the Eastern Ghouta district at the end of November.
UNICEF says 137 children, aged between 7-months to 17-years, require immediate evacuation for conditions that include kidney failure, severe malnutrition and conflict wounds.
“Children are still living through so much horror,” said UNICEF Representative in Syria Fran Equiza. “The situation is getting worse day by day. The health system is crumbling and schools have now been closed for almost a month. Sick children desperately need medical evacuation, and many thousands more are being denied the chance of a normal, peaceful childhood.”
UNICEF says that nearly 12 per cent of children under 5 years-old in Eastern Ghouta suffer from acute malnutrition — the highest rate ever recorded since the start of the conflict in Syria.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
VOL. 41 | NO. 6 | Friday, February 10, 2017
Global stocks gain as Fed shows confidence in rate hikes Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
BEIJING (AP) — Global stock markets rose on Wednesday after Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month, a sign of confidence in the strength of the world's largest economy.
KEEPING SCORE: Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.5 percent to 7,305 while France's CAC 40 rose 0.6 percent to 4,922. Germany's DAX was up 0.2 percent to 11,795. Wall Street looked set for a tepid start, with Dow futures up 0.1 percent. S&P futures were unchanged.
FED WATCH: Yellen told a Senate committee on Tuesday that the central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month. Bond yields jumped and fed through to shares of banks, which can benefit from higher rates by charging more for loans. The Fed raised interest rates in December for just the second time in a decade, and Yellen said the strengthening job market and a modest move higher in inflation should warrant continued, gradual increases.
ANALYST'S TAKE: Yellen's comments were "the main catalyst for overnight markets, evidently surprising on the hawkish side," said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report. "While the market had expected a strong rhetoric on improving economic conditions, the push to hasten the next rate hike had been unexpected." Based on history, markets put the likelihood of a policy change out of the Fed's March meeting at 34 percent, Pan said, "but that had not stopped the U.S. dollar and equity markets from ticking up."
CHINA INFLATION: Chinese consumer and wholesale inflation ticked higher, fueling concern the central bank might hike rates or tighten access to credit. Analysts said they saw no sign the People's Bank of China would change course but money market rates should be elevated this year. Policymakers have indicated a "tightening bias" for policy since late last year but December and January data on credit "clearly show that there has been no meaningful monetary and credit tightening at the macro level," said UBS economists in a report.
ASIA'S DAY: Asian markets finished mostly higher. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent to 19,437.98 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng jumped 1.2 percent to 23,994.87. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.9 percent to 5,809.10. Seoul's Kospi added 0.5 percent to 2,088.48. The Shanghai Composite Index slipped 0.2 percent to 3,212.99 and India's Sensex lost 0.7 percent to 28,155.56. Benchmarks in New Zealand and Taiwan rose, while Southeast Asian markets mostly declined.
CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 114.44 yen from Tuesday's 114.31 yen. The euro edged down to $1.0556 from $1.0571.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude sank 34 cents to $52.86 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract gained 27 cents on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 30 cents to $55.67 in London. It advanced 38 cents the previous session.
BOISE - 11-year-old Sara Himmel is recovering in the Pediatrics ward at St. Luke's in Boise, after attempting to take their own life Saturday night. They say they consumed an entire bottle of pills as a result of bullying at school.
One day earlier, Sara says they found notes in their school desk at Grace Jordan Elementary School calling them a "fat cow" and telling them they should kill herself. On Saturday night, Sara said they couldn't shake those messages from their head.
"I was thinking about what they put in the notes, and was thinking maybe I would be better off," Sara said.
Sara's family says this isn't the first time they've had an issue with bullying at the school. Previous altercations have even turned physical, according to Sara's parents.
Sara's mother, Amy Himmel, says they were informed school staff examined the notes Friday and attempted to examine handwriting from student journals to find out who was responsible.
"They tried to blame me for writing the notes myself," Sara said. "That made me mad because they weren't taking me seriously."
At 2:00 a.m. Sunday morning, Amy said they heard a loud thud from Sara's room which they quickly discovered was the sound of Sara falling out of bed.
"We knew something was wrong, we couldn't even see the color of their eyes because their pupils were so dilated, they could not walk, they were covered in body fluids," Amy said.
It wasn't until they made it to the hospital that they realized what happened. Amy instructed a relative to search for clues in Sara's room and that's when they discovered an empty pill bottle and hand-written suicide notes to each member of the family.
In the first note, Sara wrote they swallowed a bunch of pills at 8:53 p.m. and instructed their family members not to try to save them when they were found.
Now, Sara is hoping other victims of bullying will reach out and talk to someone before trying to take their own life.
"I just want to tell everyone, they're not alone," Sara said. "Talk to someone."
The Boise School District sent the following statement to Grace Jordan Elementary parents Monday in response to the issue:
Dear Grace Jordan Parents/Guardians:
Information, including misinformation, is presently being circulated through social media regarding recent student and staff actions at Grace Jordan Elementary School.
The Boise School District is barred by Federal law from providing any details regarding particular students. While the District cannot inform the public of actions taken to protect an individual student's safety, it does not equate to a lack of action on our part. Rather, District policy requires multi-level responses to safety concerns and the involvement of police and parents whenever potentially illegal behavior is discovered.
We aggressively and proactively confront bullying through our Bullying, Hazing and Harassment Policy [drive.google.com] procedures, which protect students, and prevention programs, which promote respectful school cultures.
This is a very difficult situation for the student and family, as well as for the students and staff of Grace Jordan. Our children are looking to the adults in their world to teach them how to interact with one another respectfully and to solve problems collaboratively.
The safety and security of each and every student and staff member is always our first priority. The Boise School District's policies and procedures help us to accomplish this important priority.
Thank you for your attention to this matter.
LEXINGTON, Ky. (WATE) – No. 13 Kentucky was on a mission Tuesday night.
The Wildcats led for all but 3-plus minutes on their way to a 83-58 blowout against Tennessee.
The Vols (14-12, 6-7 SEC) shot just 35 percent from the field, making 18 of their 52 shots. Sophomore forward Admiral Schofield led Tennessee with 17 points while Jordan Bone added 15. Robert Hubbs III and Grant Williams, who combined to score 38 points in the Vols upset win over Kentucky on Jan. 24, managed just 15 as a whole in the rematch.
Malik Monk controlled the spotlight for most of the night. The Kentucky first-year student scored a game-high 20 points to go with 8 rebounds.
There wasn't much Tennessee did better than Kentucky (21-5, 11-2 SEC) statistically. The only category the Vols had on their side was free throws, making 19-24.
Kentucky stood out from long range, firing off 11 from downtown. The Wildcats also scored 18 fast break points. The Vols scored just nine point from beyond the arc and did not have a single point on a fast break.
With the loss, Kentucky now leads the overall series 153-69 with a 90-16 mark when playing inside Rupp Arena. Rick Barnes is also now 3-4 against the Wildcats and 4-4 all-time when facing John Calipari.
Tennessee turns its focus to a home game against Missouri Saturday at 1 p.m. ET on SEC Network. With five games remaining in the regular season, each game is crucial for the Vols, who are on the bubble to make the NCAA Tournament.
Ethics office calls for White House to discipline Kellyanne Conway
The U.S. Office of Government Ethics has called on the White House to discipline counselor Kellyanne Conway for urging the public to buy Ivanka Trump's clothing and accessories. Conway, representing the administration in an interview on Fox & Friends last week, was asked about retailers that had dropped Ivanka Trump's brand, and told viewers to "Go buy Ivanka's stuff. … I'm going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today everybody, you can find it online." The OGE subsequently wrote to the White House, saying that although Press Secretary Sean Spicer stated during a press conference … that 'Kellyanne has been counseled, and that's all we're going to go with,' the OGE urged the White House to investigate "and consider taking disciplinary action against her."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yeovil Town boss Darren Way said that they always felt like their side were always in control after their 2-0 win over Cambridge United.
It's a view that is at odds with what their opposite number Shaun Derry said, with the U's head coach bemoaning their side's inability to take their chances before Nathan Smith grabbed a goal against the run of play.
Indeed, fantastic opportunities fell to Uche Ikpeazu and Billy Waters in the first half before Brad Halliday could have opened the scoring just after the break.
Smith then scored for Yeovil after the U's didn't properly defend from a set-piece before Alex Fisher compounded a difficult day with a goal late on.
And Way said that he's glad to finally be proving the doubters wrong after picking up their second victory of the week, moving their side seven points from the drop-zone.
“I just felt that we always felt in control. They had one chance which you're always going to get at League Two level, which Artur pulled off a fantastic save from, but I just felt that throughout the game, I didn't real worried by any stretch of the imagination," they said.
“I said to the players after the game that I feel proud of what they've done since the Manchester United game because you're always judged after that on what direction we're going in.
“Any manager, any supporter, any chairperson up and down the country is trying to gather momentum and if there's one thing you saw today and you could see it in the players' eyes, it's that we could get a little bit of momentum.
“There will still be doubters and you'll always get that, but I think of the supporters that are turning up and they're really driving the team on and ignoring all the critics.”
If you love coffee but not stained teeth (or you don't want to sip it through a straw)… BIG news here!
David and Adam Nagy say their product — called CLR CFF, which is exactly what it is, minus the vowels — is the world's “first colorless coffee drink,” and, like every coffee drink these days, is made from high-quality arabica coffee beans and pure water.
Full story HERE.
Related Coverage Liberty Community Services: Project Style 2017
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — New Haven is welcoming a new executive director for the non-profit, Liberty Community Services.
LCS provides a range of housing and support services.
The new director, Jim Pettinelli says there is a lot to be done.
Related Content: Liberty Community Services: Project Style 2017
“Trying to identify and locate as many resources as we possibly can, diversifying our portfolio around that so we can help as many people as we can,” said Pettinelli.
Liberty Community Services helps people experiencing homelessness, substance abuse, mental health issues, and those with aids and HIV.
LONDON (AP) — Industrial output across the 19 countries that make up the eurozone fell in June, official figures showed Monday, in a development that likely illustrates the export-sapping impact of the rising euro.
The Eurostat statistics agency said output declined by 0.6 percent during the month, giving up half the previous month's gain. Though monthly figures can be volatile, the fall, the first since February, was in line with predictions in financial markets, with many economists warning about the implications of the euro's rise in recent months, particularly against the currencies of the eurozone's two biggest export markets, Britain and the U.S.
Against the British pound, the euro's benefited from worries over Britain's scheduled exit from the European Union, with some market forecasters now predicting that the two currencies will soon be equal in value for the first time. On Monday, the euro was up a further 0.1 percent at 0.91 pound.
The euro has also risen about 10 percent against the dollar this year — to a 30-month high above $1.19 earlier this month — on the back of strong eurozone economic data, waning fears of a wave of populist politicians taking power across Europe, as well as uncertainty over the economic program of U.S. President Donald Trump.
The output figures point to a currency impact, particularly in Germany, the single currency bloc's powerhouse economy where production fell by 1.1 percent. Though a stronger currency shows that confidence is returning to the eurozone economy, it does have the potential to weigh on exporters as it increases the price of their goods in international markets, all other things being equal.
Despite the June fall, industrial production was still a healthy 2.6 percent higher compared with a year earlier, though down on May's 3.9 percent annual rate.
The general trend, though, is clear. The eurozone economy is in a better position than it has been for years. Fears of a breakup of the currency bloc have subsided while growth has risen to the long-run average and has outstripped the U.S. so far this year. In the second quarter, the eurozone economy grew by a quarterly rate of 0.6 percent. Economists said the June industrial production figures are unlikely to prompt any revision to that rate in this Wednesday's update.
“All things considered, we remain optimistic about the eurozone economy, and forecast above-consensus growth of 2.2 percent this year and 2 percent in 2018,” said Jack Allen, European economist at Capital Economics.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- Former railroad cars from the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will soon have a new purpose.
Officials with the Lackawanna Dining Car Preservation Society say they purchased two sleeping cars and an animal car from the circus.
The society plans to renovate the cars and use them for visitors to experience what it's like to live the traveling experience with their existing dining cars.
Two people have been injured after a serious crash on the A40.
The road is closed in both directions after the crash which happened at about 3.50pm on a busy stretch of the road.
Two vehicles were involved in the incident which took place at Little Barrington between Northleach and Burford.
Prestbury bus crash: Latest on injured driver as coach company talks of traumatic scenes after collision
The crash was between the A429 (Little Barrington) and the A361 High Street / Barns Lane (Burford).
Heavy traffic is being reported between Cheltenham and Oxford.
Officers from Gloucestershire Constabulary are at the scene and are advising motorists to avoid the area.
We will be bringing you live updates as we get more information.
A judge in Philadelphia denied Meek Mill's request to remove a judge from the rapper's case on Wednesday, saying they don't have jurisdiction over the matter.
Common Pleas Court Judge Leon Tucker told Mill's lawyers that only the state Supreme Court can decide the matter.
"We have a judge that wears the same robe that I wear, that has not recused themselves and has not disqualified herself," Tucker said. "I don't have the jurisdiction to do that. It's as simple as that."
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley off their case, alleging she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending them to prison for probation violations. They have strongly defended them impartiality.
Their lawyers said after the hearing they would file a motion with the state high court
"Judge Tucker thoughtfully considered our application to reassign this case," said one of Mill's attorneys, Joe Tacopina. "While they ultimately ruled that they did not believe they had the authority to do so, we respectfully disagree and will immediately ask the Pennsylvania Supreme Court to reassign the case."
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court last month ordered Mill's release from prison, where they were serving a 2- to 4-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Prosecutors have said they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
Sand Creek Massacre - Nov. 29, 1864
Governor Evans was intent on the "chastisement" of all the region's Indians and they had a willing cudgel in Chivington, who hoped further military glory would vault them into Congress. For months, their new regiment had seen no action and become mockingly known as the "Bloodless Third." Then, shortly before the unit's 100-day enlistment ran out, Chivington led about 700 men on a night ride to Sand Creek.
"At daylight this morning attacked Cheyenne village of 130 lodges, from 900 to 1,000 warriors strong," Chivington wrote their superior late on November 29. Their men, they said, waged a furious battle against well-armed and entrenched foes, ending in a great victory: the deaths of several chiefs, "between 400 and 500 other Indians" and "almost an annihilation of the entire tribe."
Colfax Massacre ­- April 13, 1873
"Late in the evening, white participants began to dispute the wisdom of releasing their black prisoners, as members of families drew close to the courthouse site. Led by the sons of James Hadnot, a group of militants proceeded to execute their captives. Members of the prisoners' families served as eyewitnesses to the killings, most of which were shots to the head."
Wounded Knee Massacre - Dec. 29, 1890
"There was a woman with an infant in their arms who was killed as they almost touched the flag of truce, and the women and children of course were strewn all along the circular village until they were dispatched. Right near the flag of truce a mother was shot down with their infant; the child not knowing that its mother was dead was still nursing, and that especially was a very sad sight. The women as they were fleeing with their babes were killed together, shot right through, and the women who were very heavy with child were also killed. All the Indians fled in these three directions, and after most all of them had been killed a cry was made that all those who were not killed wounded should come forth and they would be safe. Little boys who were not wounded came out of their places of refuge, and as soon as they came in sight a number of soldiers surrounded them and butchered them there."
The Las Vegas shooting has been called "the deadliest shooting in US History," but there are several mass shootings from the past that have killed many moreAs the death toll continued to rise from the Las Vegas shooting, media outlets were quick to call it "the deadliest shooting in U.S. History." However, that title was soon changed to "the deadliest shooting inU.S. History," as tales of past mass shootings on American soil were unearthed.Here are three mass shootings in the United States with death tolls surpassing the Las Vegas shooting:A horrific scene unfolded in Colorado in 1864, when a blood-thirsty army of U.S. Calvary members slaughtered over 500 peaceful Native Americans living in a village at Sand Creek. The Cheyenne and Arapahoe tribes were living on land that was rightfully theirs, as was acknowledged by a treaty with the U.S. government.While Cheyenne Chief Black Kettle was known to be a peacemaker, Colonel John Chivington was looking for an easy military conquest, and they initiated the massacre by leading an army of 700 men on a night raid:The soldiers involved were initially praised for their murderous actions, but after the circumstances of the massacre came to light, Chivington resigned from the military.On Easter Sunday in 1873, racial tensions reached a breaking point in Colfax, Louisiana, andIn a county that was almost equally split by race, both the Republicans (mostly African Americans) and the Democrats (mostly white Americans) contested the results of the 1872 election, and refused to recognize either side's candidate as legitimate.After the Republicans guarded the courthouse, the white militia arrived with a canon and took hundreds of the black soldiers as prisoners. The group, Know Louisiana described the gruesome circumstances surrounding the massacre:While the U.S. attorney in New Orleans attempted to prepare an indictment to hold the organizers accountable for their actions,, and no one was ever held responsible for the Colfax Massacre.As many as 300 Native Americans were shot and killed in late 1890 - the majority of whom were women and children-after the United States Military's 7Calvary Regiment surrounded a camp of the Lakota tribe along South Dakota's Wounded Knee Creek.Soldiers moved in on the camp and demanded that the Native Americans surrender their weapons. While there are differing accounts of how gunfire broke out, the fact is that when U.S. troops started shooting, they did not stop, and they did not let the presence of innocent, unarmed women and children stand in their way.One Sioux tribe member, named American Horse, recalled the horrific details of the massacre during a Commission of Indian Affairs in Washington, in February 1891:U.S. history textbooks tell the tale of the war between the power-hungry U.S. government and the indigenous tribes who sought to protect their land, but the Wounded Knee Massacre is especially significant because it serves as a reminder of how insignificant Native American lives were in the eyes of the United States.
SEATTLE — California coach Justin Wilcox is on their own little reunion tour through the Pac-12 Conference.
Seeing old faces is the least of Wilcox's concerns at this point, with California having lost two straight and facing another major challenge on Saturday at No. 6 Washington.
Last week, Wilcox returned to their alma mater Oregon and watched the Ducks hand the Golden Bears a 45-24 setback. Now it's a trip north to Seattle and a matchup with their former employer — in multiple ways. Wilcox served as the defensive co-ordinator for Washington coach Chris Petersen for four seasons at Boise State. Wilcox was also the defensive co-ordinator at Washington for two years when Steve Sarkisian was the head coach.
"I just think he's a good football coach," Petersen said of Wilcox. "I've known that for a long time, whether he's running the defence or a whole team. They know how to coach the guys, get them going."
Petersen and Wilcox were brief in their comments about each other this week. They're dealing with their own team issues.
Washington (5-0, 2-0 Pac-12) would like to end a string of sluggish starts. A year ago, Washington dominated most of its opponents early and cruised to victories. This year has been more of a struggle in the first half, highlighted by holding just a 7-0 lead at halftime last week at lowly Oregon State. The Huskies erupted for 35-point second half against the Beavers, but the slow starts are a concern for Petersen.
"We're going to address it. We'll talk to our guys," Petersen said. "How do you fix the turnover situation when it's not going in your favour? It's the same thing — you practice on it, move things up in practice and get it going a little bit more. It's not because they are not trying, so you're always trying to be creative as coaches to fix every single problem that you have."
California (3-2, 0-2) opened with three straight wins, but the Bears have since lost to Southern California and Oregon.
"We've got to execute more consistently. We've played well in spurts," Wilcox said. "We just have to play better. It's a matter of doing the same thing over and over and over and executing at a high level more than sometimes."
Here's what else to watch as the Bears and Huskies meet for the 98th time:
If there's one thing Denverites love more than their Patagonia Puffs, it's their dogs. On warm days you're more than likely to see a Golden Retriever sitting alongside its owner on one of the many dog-friendly restaurant patios or someone accompanying their French Bulldog to its 1 p.m. Blueberry Facial at Dog Savvy Boutique. Not to mention that Colorado enforces The Dog Protection Act, the only one of its kind in the country, that protects dogs from lethal control by police in non-dangerous situations.
Evidently, dogs are a huge part of many Denverites lives, so it should come as no surprise that many have monikers that display their owner's love for this city—the name Peyton is getting a lot of attention from Denver dog lovers as an homage to the Broncos. Considering Denver is the home to a lot of ridiculously good Mexican fare, it makes sense that Denver residents have also found a way to combine their love of Mexican food and love of their fur babies, with the names Fajitas and Queso also gaining popularity. Rover.com delved into its extensive database of dog names to rank the names Denver residents love enough to call their most loyal companion.
Here are Denver's top 10 favorite male and female dog names for 2016.
Top 10 female names:
Bella Lucy Daisy Sadie Lola Molly Maggie Bailey Stella Luna
Top 10 male names:
Charlie Max Buddy Cooper Jack Tucker Bear Toby Rocky Jake
Go here to check out the most popular dog names of 2016.
Hundreds of mourners came to Kenilworth last week to pay their respects to a much-loved member of Balsall Common's community.
Frederick ‘Fred' Dubberley died on Sunday June 17 at the age of 72 after battling mesothelioma, a cancer related to asbestos exposure.
Christy Dubberley with Fred
And around 500 of Fred's family and friends all came to their funeral at St Nicholas Church on Thursday June 28 - one of the few churches in the area that could cope with a funeral of that size.
Fred was so popular that two flatbed lorries had to be hired to carry the enormous amount of flowers donated by well-wishers.
After the funeral service, Fred was buried in Oaks Cemetery next to the graves of their mother and father.
Their granddaughter Christy Dubberley, 21, said the huge turnout was a testament to the kind of man they are.
Just some of the floral tributes for Fred left in Oaks Cemetery
They said: “The funeral was lovely - it meant a lot to my family to see how many people turned up.
“I suppose it was the measure of my grandfather.”
The Dubberleys have lived in and around Balsall Common since 1966 for four generations, and Fred, a member of the traveller community, was very well-known and loved by people in the village.
Many commenters on Facebook paid tribute to their character after their funeral was announced, describing them as a ‘gentleman' and a ‘respectful' man.
But although Fred developed cancer from asbestos exposure, their death was still unexpected as it was thought they were on the road to recovery.
They left behind their wife, their four children and 16 grandchildren, including Christy. Most of them were present at the funeral.
Christy said: “It was a bit of a shock to us all. We all thought they were going to get better. The doctors told us he'd have another three years left in him.”
When asked what their most abiding memory of Fred was, Christy spoke about them visiting all of their grandchildren still living in Balsall Common every
Christmas to see them all open their presents in turn.
They said: “He'd come without fail every Christmas morning. He'd come over to us, and then he'd go back out to have time with their other grandchildren in the village.
“He was just a very, very good grandad to us.”
Fred's huge popularity inadvertently caused some disruption on Kenilworth's roads as the funeral was taking place.
After realising how many people might turn up to the funeral, some of Fred's family got in touch with Warwickshire Police to warn them about the likely traffic problems Kenilworth would face.
Extra officers were sent to Kenilworth on the day following the warning as a precaution.
There were reports of parking problems in and around High Street during the funeral, and later in Oaks Road during the burial at Oaks Cemetery. But the problems only lasted for a few hours.
The family wished to thank everyone who came to the funeral and donated flowers.
Canada jumped upon the PC Express with both feet this week after its Senate passed a bill to make country's national anthem “gender neutral” by taking out the word “sons” because it is too masculine.
The offending line in the tune “O Canada,” reads, “True patriot love in all thy sons command.” Critics insisted that “thy sons” was not “inclusive” enough, so a bill was introduced to change the line to read, “True patriot love in all of us command.”
The song was originally written in 1908 and made the national anthem by an act of Parliament in 1980.
Independent Ontario Sen. Frances Lankin celebrated the passage of the bill saying that activists have been trying to make the song “inclusive” for 30 years.
“I'm very, very happy. There's been 30 years plus of activity trying to make our national anthem, this important thing about our country, inclusive of all of us,” Lankin told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. “This may be small, it's about two words, but it's huge … we can now sing it with pride knowing the law will support us in terms of the language. I'm proud to be part of the group that made this happen.”
Conservative members of the chamber criticized liberals for using tricks and schemes to get the bill passed and said that forcing the changes without taking the issue to the voters was wrong.
“Clearly, I'm disappointed … it's been a long fight, I believe the Canadian public wanted a say in our national anthem, just like they had in the great Canadian flag debate. This is an issue for the Canadian public to decide not just a couple of Independent senators,” said Manitoba's Conservative Sen. Don Plett.
Critics of the gender-neutralizing of the anthem say that it was already written to be “gender neutral” in the first place. After all, male pronouns have never meant to be taken as just referring to men when used in a general sense. Male pronouns simply meant humanity in general, not just the male of the species.
To further complicate the matter, some versions of the 1908 lyrics actually did read, “True patriot love thou dost in us command.” It is unclear when or how it got changed to add the word “sons.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
New Times Corporation's (NTC) sports writer, John Vigah has been appointed together with 17 other seasoned Sports Journalists to form an 18-member media relations sub-committee of the Ghana Olympic Committee (GOC) to ensure effective communication agenda of the committee.
Mr. Paul Atchoe, the First Vice President of the GOC, said Mr. Herbert Mensah, a member of the GOC Executive Board and the President of the Ghana Rugby Football Union, would chair the sub-committee.
Its priority is to position the GOC as a sports brand of choice and spearhead the agenda of effective communication for the body.
It also has experienced broadcasters such as Charles Osei Asibey, President of Ghana Arm-wrestling Federation, who would serve as the Communication Manager whiles sports writer Mr. Kenneth Odeng Addae would be the Press Officer of the sub-committee.
Below are the appointed members of the sub-committee:
Herbert Mensah (Chairman); Mawuko Afadzinu; Charles Osei Asibey – Director of Communication; Kenneth Odeng Addae; Sammy Okine – (Online); Maurice Quansah (SWAG); Michael Oti-Adjei (TV3 Network Limited); Moses Antwi Benefo (Global Media Alliance); Benedict Owusu Danquah (Multi Media Grorp) and Chris Nunoo (Daily Graphic).
The rest are John Vigah (Ghanaian Times); Tony Bebil (EIB Network); Nana Darkwa Gyasi (Network Broadcasting); Dan Kweku Yeboah (Despite Group); George Lomotey (GBC); Kwabena Asante Nfodwo (GAR, E/R, V/R Rep); Bright Kankam Boadu (A/S, B/A, N/R Rep) and Alex Kobina Stone (W/R, C/R Rep).-GNA
© Cheriss May/NurPhoto via Getty Images
A House Oversight Committee hearing discussed the impact of the unprecedented rate at which President Barack Obama passed regulations and President Donald Trump has begun to repeal them."According to the Federal Registry, agencies issued 3,280 rules last year.," said Rep. Mark Meadows, R-North Carolina. "Now that's an improvement over the previous Administration where we saw ten and a half rules passed each day in 2016."Amit Narang, regulatory policy advocate at the liberal Public Citizen, said Trump's stance against greater regulation threatens public safety."President Trump has justified their deregulatory agenda as a means to create economic growth. After one year, the evidence is clear that there has been no such economic growth," Narang said. "Both GDP and jobs figures show that there has been no greater economic growth under this Administration than there was under the last Administration."Regulatory growth has slowed under Trump, but the hearing, titled, " Shining Light on the Federal Regulatory Process ," showed that another problem has remained:The hearing focused on the inability or unwillingness of regulatory agencies to comply with rules about "guidance" - the process that they use to show Congress how they will implement new regulations. The House Oversight Committee defined Regulatory guidance as "an agency's statement of policy or interpretation of a statute or regulation. These documents can have a significant effect on the public and can alter the behavior of regulated parties."As regulatory agencies gained more power to create rules and regulations without the oversight of Congress, President Ronald Reagan signed Executive Order 12291, which required that the OMB review new regulations.Reagan's executive order "was quite broad in scope and applied to virtually all "rules" - including both regulations (legally binding legislative rules) and agency guidance (non-binding interpretive rules and policy statements)," said Paul R. Noe, vice president of public policy at the American Forest & Paper Association.Years later, President Bill Clinton signed Executive Order 12866, which decreased the scope of regulatory review to rules with a "significant" economic impact.As regulatory oversight faded, so did the guidance of regulatory agencies, according to Noe.The problem became one of more than sheer number.The federal government passed a lot of regulations,Clinton's executive order stopped the OMB from reviewing guidance documents, since they didn't have significant impact, so regulatory agencies stopped issuing them and submitting them to Congress."Although guidance documents may not properly carry the force of law, they are a key component of regulatory programs," Noe said. "As the scope and complexity of regulatory programs has grown, agencies increasingly have relied on guidance documents to provide direction to their staff and to the public."The report that arose from the hearing came with three key findings.First, regulatory agencies themselves don't have a full account of their guidance documents. When the House Oversight Committee requested guidance documents from the last 10 years for 46 federal agencies, they received more than 13,000 documents. Some of the agencies didn't comply with the committee's request, or they simply didn't have any guidance documents to provide.Second, regulatory agencies don't know the legal definition of guidance, so they didn't know what documents to provide."Of the more than 13,000 guidance documents identified for the Committee,," the report found.The report provided solutions for regulatory agencies.They need to submit guidance documents that the law requires them to."When there is a lack of clarity about whether a guidance document should be submitted to Congress and GAO under the CRA, agencies should seek guidance from GAO and Congress," the report said.The non-issuance of regulatory guidelines becomes increasingly poor during the end of presidential terms."Agencies reported to the Committee that they had submitted just 189 guidance documents to Congress and the GAO, as it is required by the CRA. That's a submission rate of less than 0.015 percent," Meadows said. "GAO will never be able to review the more than 12,800 guidance documents in our limited sample, let alone the entire universe of the agency guidance and there is some sort of disconnect between what the law says and what agencies do."
Best Beach Vacations On The AtlanticA look at five of the best beach vacations with the widest range of things to do and places to stay along the Atlantic Coast.
Treat Mom To A B&B Fit For A QueenTreat your mother to a B&B fit for a queen this Mother's Day.
Explore America's CastlesThese are five of the finest castles in America to explore for that next big vacation.
Best Art Museums In The SouthwestMany of America's best art museums can be found in the American Southwest.
Planning Your Summer Music Festival CalendarHeadliner acts in 2018 at big music festivals between Memorial Day and Labor Day include Eminem, Bruno Mars, Jack White, Blake Shelton, James Taylor, Bonnie Raitt and more. Across the country, from NYC to Chicago to SF, summer festival tickets are on sale now.
Nothing is said about the blunt force injuries that killed Lesin - or even about them falling down, which is how they are supposed to have died.
A disc of hotel security camera footage from the hallway outside Lesin's room - including three critical hours during the period between when Lesin was last seen alive and when their dead body was found - was defective. Questioned by BuzzFeed News, the police department has repeatedly refused to say if it ever managed to review that footage, raising questions about whether Lesin truly died alone in their room.
And just 21 hours before Lesin was found dead, two officers - it is unclear from the report if they were hotel security guards or police officers - visited them in their room and briefly spoke to him.
© Washington, DC, Metropolitan Police Department
© Roland Leon/Sunday Mirror
The delivery giant, which makes £7.3billion a year
they are exhausted and have to urinate in bottles.
Jeff Bezos, 53, the world's richest man who last year made £1.6million an hour
© Roland Leon/Sunday Mirror
it uses sub-contractors
(CNN) — Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York told CNN on Monday that President Donald Trump should resign over allegations of sexual assault.
“President Trump has committed assault, according to these women, and those are very credible allegations of misconduct and criminal activity, and they should be fully investigated and they should resign,” Gillibrand told CNN's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview.
“These allegations are credible; they are numerous, ” said Gillibrand, a leading voice in Congress for combating sexual assault in the military. “I've heard these women's testimony, and many of them are heartbreaking.”
Related Content: Trump accusers call for Congress to investigate sexual harassment allegations against them
If they do not “immediately resign,” they said, Congress “should have appropriate investigations of their behavior and hold them accountable.”
Responding to UN Ambassador Nikki Haley saying Sunday that Trump's accusers “should be heard,” Gillibrand said, “Not only should women be heard, but they should be believed.”
Related Content: Haley: Trump's accusers of sex misconduct should be heard
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders responded to Haley's comments at the press briefing Monday, where they reiterated that Trump “thinks it's a good thing that women are coming forward” but noted that they deny the allegations.
“As the President said himself, they think it's a good thing that women are coming forward but they also feel strongly that a mere allegation shouldn't determine the course,” Sanders said. “And in this case, the President has denied any of these allegations, as have eyewitnesses … several reports have shown those eyewitnesses also back up the President's claim in this process, and again the American people knew this and voted for the President and we feel like we're ready to move forward in this process.”
Candid
A post shared by Maria Sharapova (@mariasharapova) on Apr 15, 2018 at 8:39pm PDT
BERLIN — A group of city counsellors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for flying taxis in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
A federal judge in Washington delivered the toughest blow yet to the Trump administration's efforts to phase out an Obama-era program for immigrants living in the country illegally, ordering the administration to continue the program and, for the first time, accept new applicants.
U.S. District Judge John Bates called the government's decision to phase out the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program starting in March “virtually unexplained” and therefore “unlawful.” However, the judge gave the Trump administration 90 days to provide a more solid reason for ending the program before their ruling will take effect.
In their decision, Bates said the Trump administration's decision to phase out the program starting in March “was arbitrary and capricious because the Department failed adequately to explain its conclusion that the program was unlawful.”
If the government does not come up with a better explanation within 90 days, they said, the administration's order to rescind DACA will be vacated and “DHS must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications.”
Bates is the third judge to rule against Trump administration attempts to rescind DACA, which provides work permits and deportation protections for about 690,000 immigrants brought to this country as children.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
There is one thing you don't find in 29-year-old Eric Lim - negativity.
When they were 24, they became the sole caregiver for their father David Lim, 70, who suffered from Vascular Dementia due to not one but three strokes. Eric was still an undergraduate then.
Eric said, "I didn't know what to do. At that time, I didn't even know what stroke is all about. As both my mum and brother were working, I took up the responsibility to be my dad's caregiver."
Like many Asian parent-child relationships, Eric was not close to their father. They didn't know what their father's favourite food is, neither did they know what their father likes to do. However, their profession has helped them to handle the situation better.
Eric is currently a Mindfulness Psychologist at Brahm Centre. They won the 2017 AWWA Young Model Caregiver Merit Award for their dedication to supporting caregivers at Brahm Centre, as well as their unwavering attention in caring for their father.
Since Eric's father has taken ill, the family has not been able to travel and enjoy bonding time. Eric's dream is to bring their parents out for a staycation, but this has proved to be an uphill task. Bedridden, Eric's father requires much preparation in order to make a trip out of the house. Find out how the production team helped Eric fulfil their dream.
About Live Your Dream Season 2
After a highly successful Season 1 that garnered more than 2.3 million views, host Ken Low Yong Kian (Chinese Media Group NewsHub Correspondent) returns to front Season 2 where they continue to fulfil dreams of people from all walks of life across seven episodes.
This well-received programme promises to bring you more tears and laughter as we celebrate the value of realising every individual's dream no matter how small it may be.
Live Your Dream Season 2 is presented in partnership with China Life Singapore.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing their car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday they would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say they drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
A few readers have asked about the downloads list in macOS Safari—in particular, how to find it when the button is missing and where to find entries for older downloads.
While it seems like a simple matter of clicking a button and scrolling, Apple added some sophistication that has tripped people up. In earlier versions of Safari, the Downloads button was always present and all previous downloads appeared in a list. You could click a button to clear the list or use other history-wiping tools to erase it.
In the most recent Safari releases for OS X and macOS Sierra, the Downloads only appears when there are items in a list, and you can choose to age out the entries.
IDG Safari lets you expire the downloads list in three ways, or keep it around until you opt to clear it.
In Safari > Preferences, the General tab offers Remove Download List Items as a pop-up menu with choices of After One Day, When Safari Quits, Upon Successful Download, and Manually. While I don't recall ever changing this option, it's set to After One Day on my main computer; Apple may have chosen that for us as an option when the item was added as a preference.
Thus, if you have any of the options except Manually checked, the Downloads button will routinely disappear. If you're relying on that list as a record of what you've downloaded in the past, make sure the option is set to Manually.
This has something to do with privacy, of course. By dumping the list routinely or in certain cases, Apple ensures that less information about your behavior gets retained for later examination—although if someone can get close enough to my machine to check out my Downloads list, they're also likely to be able to access my Downloads folder.
Ask Mac 911
We've compiled a list of the most commonly asked questions we get, and the answers to them: read our super FAQ to see if you're covered. If not, we're always looking for new problems to solve! Email yours to mac911@macworld.com including screen captures as appropriate. Mac 911 cannot reply to email with troubleshooting advice nor can we publish answers to every question.
CLEVELAND (AP) — The suspect in the random killing of a retiree posted on Facebook made their living mentoring teens in Cleveland, but their life appeared to be unraveling under the weight of gambling debts and trouble with their girlfriend.
Rambling videos they shared showed their despair, saying they were out of options and wanted to kill as many innocent people as they could.
While authorities have not found any evidence that they killed anyone else, the manhunt for Steve Stephens stretched into a third day on Tuesday and far beyond the neighborhood where police said they shot a 74-year-old man who was picking up aluminum cans on Sunday after spending Easter with some of their children.
Stephens, 37, could be anywhere, authorities said, calling it a nationwide search. A $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to their capture and prosecution.
Stephens posted a video of themselves killing Robert Godwin Sr., a former foundry worker who had 10 children, police said. In it, they said, “I snapped, I just snapped.” But police would not speculate on what was behind it.
“Only Steve knows that,” Williams said.
In the video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the name.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text message to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
They also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was good to them and their children.
Police say Stephens had a permit to carry a concealed weapon.
WEWS-TV reports that a video Stephens posted to Facebook last year showed them firing rapidly at targets at the Sherwin Shooting Sports range, in violation of its safety rules, and being warned to stop by an employee.
The owner of the Willoughby gun range, Blake Frederick, told Cleveland.com that they recall Stephens as nice and jovial and doesn't remember anything negative about him.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy two years ago despite holding down a job as a counselor helping young people develop job skills and find employment. The behavioral health agency where they worked said an extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome.
In one video posted on Facebook, Stephens said that they gambled away everything and that they and their girlfriend had planned to marry but did not, without saying why. They blamed them for what was about to happen.
Some friends said they knew about their gambling. But the videos showed a man they did not recognize.
Alexis Lee, who saw Stephens last week, said their childhood friend always seemed respectful and got along with everybody.
“He never ever told me they had problems or issues. It was always good things,” Lee said. “He was always just so happy and cool, calm, collected, like, that's why it's so shocking.”
Other neighbors said they were quiet as a kid and intelligent, recalling how they went to college and got a master's degree.
“He was just a no problem person at all, compared to a lot of people,” said Cynthia Coley, a former neighbor.
In one video in which they blamed their girlfriend, Stephens said they woke up last week and “couldn't take it anymore.”
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite their claim on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people.
On Monday evening, Facebook announced that it was launching a review for reporting harmful content following the killing. The company said that Stephens posted a video of themselves announcing their intent to commit murder, then two minutes later posted another video of themselves shooting and killing Godwin. A few minutes after that, they went live and confessed.
The company said it disabled Stephen's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the video of the fatal shooting and two hours after receiving any report.
“In this case we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted,” said Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice president of global operations. “We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.”
Officers searched dozens of places around Cleveland without finding Stephens or any other victims before expanding the manhunt. Detectives spoke with the suspect on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade them to surrender, police said.
Law enforcement officials said their cellphone was last tracked Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland. Police in Philadelphia said eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down Monday while they investigated reported sightings but found nothing.
Here's presenting the official trailer of the much-awaited romantic film Raabta featuring Sushant Singh Rajput, Kriti Sanon and Jim Sarbh in lead roles.
The trailer showcases the love triangle between the three primary characters in the two different eras.
Check out the trailer here:
Actor Irrfan Khan has lent their voice for the trailer.
Vijan and Irrfan were on a flight when the director asked if Irrfan could do a voice-over for their film. Irrfan instantly agreed and promised to do it once they were back.
Vijan said in a statement: “We needed a soothsayers' voice for the trailer. Irrfan's voice is amazing and distinct. We were flying to Georgia when I asked Irrfan if they could do a small voice-over for ‘Raabta'.
“He agreed and then asked me the details.”
Raabta will mark the directorial debut of producer Dinesh Vijan. The film is being produced by Maddock films and T-Series.
After Raabta Sushant is lined up with Romeo Akbar Walter The film is based on true events from 1971. Romeo Akbar Walter is being helmed by Robby Grewal and is slated to hit the theaters in 2018.
Sushant has also bagged a franchise film to be produced by Dharma Productions. It is being helmed by Dostana director, Tarun Mansukhani. The film stars Jacqueline Fernandez in a key role and has been titled as Drive.
Kriti, on the other hand, was last featured in Rohit Shetty's Dilwale and will be next seen in Bareilly ki Barfi with Ayushmann Khurrana and Rajkummar Rao. In the film Ayushmann will be seen as the owner of a printing press. Rajkummar will be seen as an author and Kriti as a straight-forward and liberated girl. The film will hit the screens on July 21 this year.
There were reports that they were being considered for a role in Aamir Khan starrer Thugs Of Hindostan but looks like they will have to fight it out with Katrina Kaif to bag the role since the latter too is being considered for the same film.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Charles Cooke scored 18 points and Dayton cruised to an 85-63 victory over Saint Louis on Tuesday night for its fifth straight win.
The Flyers (20-5, 11-2 Atlantic 10) have won eight of their last nine games, and remain tied with VCU atop the conference standings. Saint Louis (9-17, 4-9) has lost two of its last three.
Cooke was 7 of 9 from the floor and made four 3-pointers. Josh Cunningham had 12 points and Scoochie Smith added 10 points and five assists for Dayton, which shot 57 percent from the field (28 of 49) and 50 percent from long range.
Davell Roby scored 18 points to lead Saint Louis.
Dayton opened on an 18-4 run and led 41-17 at halftime. The Flyers shot 61 percent (14 of 23) in the first half while the Billikens shot just 7 of 28 from the field (25 percent) and committed eight turnovers. Dayton stretched its lead to 36 points with 11:47 remaining.
Comments
comments
The global Integrated Systems Market is projected to exhibit double-digit growth during the forecast period (2016-2024). This may be attributed to substantial demand for abridged deployments and lower number of standalone solutions. The shift from mainframe systems to internet computing has altered the way consumers buy, build and deliver technology.
Integrated systems are easily managed through a single console leading to lesser operational expenditure. They simplify processes, reduce costs, and are highly flexible. These advantages along with the escalating need to reexamine data center infrastructure are fueling market growth.
Browse Details of Report@ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/integrated-systems-market
However, high deployment costs are a major challenge to widespread adoption of such systems in the coming years.
The integrated systems market is segmented on the basis of services, end-users, products, and regions.
Services are divided into consulting, maintenance & support, and integration & installation. Integration & installation are likely to grow at a lucrative pace till 2024. This owes to huge demand from several small, medium and large enterprises. End-users comprise defense & energy, manufacturing, healthcare, retail, educational institutes, information technology & telecommunication systems, and BFSI (Banking, Financial Services, & Insurance).
Retail and manufacturing are estimated to experience robust growth in the eight years ahead. The retail sector benefits from in-store supervision of complete systems, which reduces store system downtime. Such proactive management lowers ownership costs. Revenues from BFSI could exceed USD 8.5 billion by 2024. Information technology & telecommunication systems are also foreseen to garner high revenues in forthcoming years.
Products consist of pre-integrated systems, tested systems, and validated systems. Validated systems are further split into integrated workload systems and integrated infrastructure systems. The latter is expected to dominate the market in the forecast period.
North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and MEA (the Middle East & Africa) constitute the regional market segments. North America reigns as a result of high market penetration and latest technological deployments. Asia Pacific could be a key contributor to the global revenues. This would be triggered by data centre transformations in the emergent economies of China and India.
Leading players in the worldwide integrated systems market encompass Cisco Systems Inc., Hewlett & Packard (HP) Company, Oracle Corporation, IBM Inc., and Fujitsu Inc. Many companies ally with those offering cloud-based storage and virtualization solutions for expanding their converged infrastructure installation.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/communications-infrastructure-industry
A Research Study Titled, “Preimplantation Genetic Testing Market By Type (Chromosomal Abnormalities, X-linked Diseases, Freeze Embryo Testing, Aneuploidy Screening, HLA Typing, Other PGT Types), Application (Embryo HLA typing for stem cell therapy, IVF Prognosis, Late Onset Genetic Disorders, Inherited Genetic Disease, Other Applications) Forecast 2014 to 2023”, Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights
The Preimplantation Genetic Testing Market was worth USD 0.28 Billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 0.65 Billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 9.70% during the forecast period. Preimplantation genetic testing or preimplantation hereditary determination is a method in which the developing lives arranged through in vitro treatment are tried for surrenders before implantation. Preimplantation hereditary testing empowers doctors and to distinguish the deformities exhibit in the incipient organisms and specifically embed sound developing lives in the uterus which builds the odds of conveying a hereditarily solid infant. Preimplantation hereditary testing causes individuals to stay away from the genetic issue that win in the family to be conveyed into the child. The preimplantation procedures include different advances like the gathering of eggs from the mother or egg contributor which is later in vitro treated.
Get Sample copy of Report @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC06998
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
Europe is expected to witness considerable growth over the forecast period. This biggest offer is credited to the expanded number of pregnancies that are relied upon to IVFs. Likewise, liberal controls in a few nations of this area for aneuploidy screening are foreseen to include potential roads in European PGT market.
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Quest Diagnostics, Reproductive Health Science Ltd, Natera, Inc, CooperSurgical, Inc, Genea Limited, Good Start Genetics, Inc, LabCorp, California Pacific Medical Center, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc, Bioarray S.L and others.
Preimplantation Genetic Testing Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Others)
What Our Report Offer:
1) An extensive research study on the Global Preimplantation Genetic Testing Market, and its entire ecosystem, describes the market trends, drivers, restraints and opportunities of the Preimplantation Genetic Testing Market.
2) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products, procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise.
3) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, market strategies, and new product launches.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC06998
Manchester: Manchester United head coach Jose Mourinho said they do not want to get complacent after their side's resounding 4-0 triumph over West Ham United in their English Premier League (EPL) opening match on Sunday.
Romelu Lukaku, United's new signing, on Sunday scored a brace, while Paul Pogba and substitute Anthony Martial found the back of the net to help United crush West Ham in the opening weekend and go top of the table.
It was United's biggest opening-day win since beating Fulham 5-1 at the Old Trafford stadium in 2006 and Mourinho's biggest league win as Red Devils manager.
"We finished the (last) season winning the Europa League and qualifying for Champions League. We start the second season with a very good performance at home. We had many players on the pitch with a very good game. We have reasons to be optimistic," they were quoted as saying by espnfc at the post-match news conference.
"For me, years and years of experience and experience in the Premier League, my feet are on the ground and I am calm. Last season we were also top of the league in the first match and we finished sixth so this means nothing.
"It just means we played well and confidence levels will be high and now our challenge is to keep this confidence level."
Among the many positives for United, Nemanja Matic's man-of-the-match performance was a highlight in midfield.
Mourinho said they had always wanted Matic and that the Serbian had special qualities.
"It depends on what is happening or what was happening behind doors and we don't know," they said.
"The only thing I know is that of course with Chelsea money I brought them to Stamford Bridge because I thought they were a player with special qualities. And since I left I always thought they could be a perfect player for us, but I didn't disturb him, I didn't disturb Chelsea.
"I never thought it was possible unless something special was happening and their agent told me we could have them and we were very happy with that. We have them and we are very happy. They were a player this team needs."
On Lukaku, Mourinho said the former Everton striker is working hard and looks in good shape.
"Romelu scored in the Super Cup, scored twice today, he's playing well and he's working hard. They like the team and the team likes him. Strikers can play phenomenally well, but if they don't score goals, the pressure's on them," they said.
"So I think it was good for them to score and for all the guys arriving at new clubs who scored goals on their first games. It's always oxygen, it's happiness and confidence for them.
"Romelu knows me well. They knows sometimes strikers can play well but not score, but from me there will be no pressure. But today was very good and they were very effective, with the first goal especially."
The42 uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more »
Drive-in movie theaters are difficult to find on Long Island these days. But this Southampton home, listed for $4.75 million, will have its very own in the backyard.
“The way the property lays out, you drive to the back to get to the carport, and it's the perfect setup to put a screen right on the back of that driveway area,” says Frank DeVito, the owner and builder of the four-bedroom, 4.5 bathroom home. “It will be a retro drive-in movie where you stick your car in and watch the movie right on the big, high screen on the property.”
DeVito estimates that the movie screen will be about 12 to 14 feet wide and eight feet high, and the parking area, which will include drivable grass mats, will fit four cars or “however many you can squeeze in there.”
The 4,000-square-foot home, which is expected to be completed in February, will feature an open floor plan with floor-to-ceiling glass in the rear of the house.
“The minute you walk in the front door, you see through the house and out to the backyard,” DeVito says. “It's a house of glass.”
The house, with smart home technology, will feature wide plank white Siberian oak floors. Glass doors off the living room of the house will open to an outdoor living area that will feature an exterior television setup, a firepit and outdoor ceiling heaters. The master bedroom will also feature a covered outdoor area.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The 0.51-acre property will have multiple firepits, an outdoor shower and a heated gunite saltwater pool and cabana with a cascading waterfall.
“Even if you sat at the pool or on the rear deck or off the master bedroom,” DeVito says, “you can actually watch the movie from up there, too.”
The property is listed with Vincent Horcasitas and Bonnie Bowden of Saunders & Associates.
While you were barbecuing and catching up on sleep over the holiday weekend, Snoop Dogg was busy making history and breaking records – with none other than gin and juice by theirs side.
Snoop took the stage at the BottleRock Napa Valley music festival with fellow West Coast rapper Warren G and Top Chef Season 6 winner Michael Voltaggio, with the help of kitchenware brand Williams Sonoma, to break the Guinness World Record for the largest paradise cocktail on Saturday.
Sippin' on this gin and juice drink would probably take a small army to finish, with Guinness confirming the cocktail measured in at more than 132 gallons.
The drink contained 180 bottles of gin, 154 bottles of apricot brandy and 38 jugs of orange juice, according to Guinness. And it just wouldn't be a paradise cocktail without a pink umbrella and a giant straw, which Snoop used to mix up the boozy beverage.
As for Snoop, they celebrated on Instagram, posting a photo of them on stage with the drink and Voltaggio, simply captioning it: "Gin and juice world record."
The cocktail contained 180 bottles of Hendricks gin, 154 bottles of apricot brandy and 38 3.78 litre jugs of orange juice, topped with a giant drinking straw, pink parasol and a garnish of pineapple and melon on a sword. — GuinnessWorldRecords (@GWR) May 28, 2018
Gin and Juice catapulted the multi-hyphenate entertainer into fame back in 1994 as the second single off of their debut album Doggystyle. Even though Snoop released a gospel album in March, their latest achievement shows he's sticking to theirs roots.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Hospitals in the UK are increasingly likely to recognise that a patient has dementia after they've been admitted for a different reason, finds a new UCL-led study, but it is still only recognised in under two-thirds of people.
This is the first study to identify an improvement in dementia diagnosis in hospitals over time, and also found inequity between ethnic groups for the first time.
Researchers identified people who had been diagnosed with dementia in South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust memory clinics, and subsequently admitted to a general hospital. The researchers examined whether dementia was one of the diagnoses on the patient's hospital discharge summary.
They found that among people who went to hospital within one year of being diagnosed with dementia, the hospital recognised their dementia 48.7% of the time in 2008, improving to 61.5% of the time by 2016. Across the study period, hospitals recognised dementia in 63.3% of inpatients with a dementia diagnosis, no matter how recently they'd been diagnosed.
The study, published today in Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association, also finds that those of ethnic minority backgrounds are almost twice as likely to have missed diagnoses in general hospitals compared to white patients. Hospital staff are also less likely to recognise dementia for single people, younger people, and people with more severe physical illness.
Lead author Dr Andrew Sommerlad (UCL Psychiatry) says better sharing of health records between health care providers could help reduce missed diagnoses.
"People with dementia are more likely to be admitted to general hospitals for other illnesses, partly due to difficulties taking care of themselves - and once they're in hospital, those with dementia tend to have longer stays and face more complications. Hospital records need to accurately reflect the patient's condition so that doctors can tailor their care accordingly," said Dr Sommerlad.
"While it is great that there is some improvement, a third of people with dementia are discharged from hospital without it being recognised that they have dementia. They may need help, for example, with remembering agreed new plans about their health and with remembering to take their medication, but this help cannot be given unless the condition is identified," they said.
The team examined 138,455 hospital admissions from 21,387 people between 2008 and 2016, including 37,329 admissions of 8,246 people who had known dementia before general hospital admission.
Lower recording rates for people from ethnic minority groups may be due to communications difficulties, so the use of interpreters and culturally appropriate cognitive assessments could help.
"There is a growing public and clinical awareness of dementia and its symptoms. Health organisations globally are seeking to increase timely diagnosis rates, and this appears to be paying off. But hospital staff should also be aware of inequities between groups, so that they can be more alert to possible signs of dementia in these patients," said Dr Sommerlad.
"We would also like to encourage people who have noticed changes in their memory to speak to their doctor or hospital staff about it. Getting the right diagnosis can help people plan for the future, and ensure they're getting the care that's best for them," said the study's senior author, Professor Gill Livingston (UCL Psychiatry).
The researchers caution that their findings may underestimate the extent of missed diagnosis in people with dementia.
"While our study focused on people who already had a dementia diagnosis, there are likely to be others who are not known to have dementia and are admitted because their dementia has led to them, for example, losing weight as they forget to eat or are unable to organise to buy or cook food. Hospital admissions can be an opportunity to receive a timely diagnosis," said Professor Livingston.
###
The study was conducted by researchers from UCL, King's College London, Camden and Islington NHS Foundation Trust, South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust, and INSERM, and was funded by Wellcome and the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) biomedical research centres at the South London and Maudsley and the University College London Hospitals NHS foundation trusts.
Our website uses cookies to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. Through cookies, certain personal data is collected and may be stored temporarily. You can change your cookie settings through your browser. More info: Privacy Policy
Veterans Michael Johnson and Hayden Ballantyne are facing the axe after being named on an extended bench for Fremantle's clash against Collingwood at the MCG on Sunday.
The pair could be squeezed out following Dockers coach Ross Lyon's promise to “double down” with the club's rebuild.
Maligned midfielder Danyle Pearce is the only unforced change at this stage, with speedster Stephen Hill (quad) and ruck warrior Aaron Sandilands (concussion) both injured.
Young defender Taylin Duman was named on a half-back flank, while injury-prone tall Michael Apeness will play their first game since round 23, 2016, as Sandilands' replacement.
Apeness shouldered the bulk of the ruck-load for Peel Thunder at the weekend, finishing with a game-high 32 hit-outs to go with 20 disposals, seven marks and a goal.
Ruckman Scott Jones and exciting youngster Stefan Giro are in the mix for a senior debut, with Mitch Crowden, Tom Sheridan and defender-turned-forward Shane Kersten also added to the Dockers' 26-man squad, which will be trimmed to 22 on Friday afternoon.
Lyon flagged a potential AFL berth for South Australian Giro following their 34-disposal performance in the WAFL on Saturday.
Travis Varcoe (hamstring), Jeremy Howe (bone bruising) and Ben Reid (leg) are all sidelined for the Magpies.
WA product Daniel Wells is named on the ground in their return, with Brayden Maynard, Brody Mihocek, Jarryd Blair, Ben Crocker, Sam Murray and Adam Oxley all potential inclusions.
FREMANTLE
In: Taylin Duman, Michael Apeness, Scott Jones, Stefan Giro, Mitch Crowden, Shane Kersten, Tom Sheridan.
Out: Stephen Hill (quad), Danyle Pearce (omitted), Aaron Sandilands (concussion).
COLLINGWOOD
In: Brayden Maynard, Brody Mihocek, Daniel Wells, Jarryd Blair, Ben Crocker, Sam Murray, Adam Oxley.
Out: Travis Varcoe, Jeremy Howe, Ben Reid (all injured)
Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered
Animal Control in the DeSoto area found a 15-foot Burmese python, which got us thinking, where else would exotic animals be found in the Dallas-Fort Worth area? Turns out, the Human Society of North Texas has everything from pythons to chinchillas to bats. (Although bats can't be adopted. Sorry.)
Mumbai: The government plans to announce the much-awaited new Haj Policy 2018-2022 on Saturday, Union Minister for Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said here on Friday.
The minister said a four-member committee headed by retired IAS officer Afzal Amanullah would submit its report to the government on the New Haj Policy 2018-2022 on Saturday.
The Haj from next year onwards would be organised in line with the new policy that aims to make the process smoother and more transparent.
According to informed sources, the new Haj Policy is likely to recommend reviving the sea voyage from Mumbai and other locations to Jeddah for the pilgrims which would be highly economical.
Taking a review, Naqvi said this year, pilgrims departed by 454 flights operating between July 24 and August 28, with 1,24,940 going through the Haj Committee of India and the rest, around 45,000, through private operators this year.
In all, around 170,000 pilgrims from India performed Haj this year.
"Ensuring safety and world-class facilities for the pilgrims was our priority. We completed all our preparations keeping in mind...a smoother Haj pilgrimage," Naqvi said after chairing a post-Haj review committee meeting here.
This year, the Saudi Arabia government had increased the Indian Haj quota significantly to 170,025, enabling more people to perform Haj, they added.
The pilgrims left for Saudi Arabia from 21 embarkation points at New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Indore, Mumbai, Aurangabad, Nagpur, Goa, Srinagar, Guwahati, Lucknow, Varanasi, Gaya, Bengaluru, Mangalore, Ahmedabad, Kochi, Ranchi and Bhopal.
The largest batch of pilgrims -- 16,627 -- boarded flights from New Delhi, followed by Lucknow (12,314), Kochi (11,805), Ahmedabad (11,073) and Kolkata (10,263), they said.
Naqvi lauded the Air India and other agencies for their support, cooperation and coordination in ensuring a smooth and hassle-free Haj this year and appreciated the Saudi Arabian government for its key role in the same.
A pensioner who drove their car into the back of another man's legs has been banned from driving and ordered to take an extended test before getting their licence back.
Barry Arundell pleaded not guilty at Warwick Crown Court to assaulting their victim Michael Miles, causing them actual bodily harm, but guilty to dangerous driving.
Arundell, 72, of Grenfell Close, Leamington, was given a conditional discharge for 12 months, disqualified for 12 months, after which they will have to take an extended test, and ordered to pay £340 costs.
Prosecutor Graham Russell said the two men had previously been friends until they fell out some years ago – but Arundell lived in the same street as Mr Miles's girlfriend.
On July 5 last year Mr Miles was taking their girlfriend's dogs for a walk, and they were off their leads when they heard a car ‘coming at some speed.'
Mr Miles stood in the road and signalled to the driver, Arundell, to stop so they could speak to them about their speed.
“The defendant didn't stop, but continued travelling at slow speed towards him, and collided at very low speed with Mr Miles's leg,” said Mr Russell.
A CCTV recording from a camera at a nearby house showed Mr Miles turning away before being struck by Arundell's Renault, causing them to stumble onto the bonnet.
Mr Miles walked away, and continued walking the dogs, but on their return they contacted the police and photographs were taken of the bruising to their legs.
When Arundell was arrested, they said they had been driving at 14mph, and claimed that Mr Miles had been moving away from them but kicking out at the car.
And they denied driving at him, claiming Mr Miles had been trying to set them up, added Mr Russell.
Addressing Arundell's barrister, Judge Sally Hancox commented: “Whatever the difficulty between these two men, what on earth was they thinking?
“Looking at the bruising in the pictures, it's bad enough – but it could have been much worse.”
Delroy Henry, defending, said: “It really is sad when friends fall out.”
But the judge responded: “This was still an assault, and whatever Mr Arundell said to the police, he's been sensible to accept their wrong-doing today.”
Mr Henry added that Arundell is married with two adult children, and they and their wife are due to celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary this month.
They pointed out that the mandatory disqualification will cause difficulties for Arundell, who has health problems including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease – and the car they were driving was their Motability vehicle.
Sentencing Arundell, Judge Hancox told him: “Whatever had passed between you two gentlemen in the past, what on earth were you thinking, even at such a low speed, and even when one man was standing in front of another man's car?
“The courts frequently refer to cars being used as a weapon – and that is exactly what you have done.
“You were in a car, and no matter how slowly you were driving, you continued to go forward at low speed, and it's clear you made contact with the back of their legs and knees.
“I have seen photographs of the bruising. They thankfully have suffered no further injury as a result of what you did.
“Had you pleaded not guilty and had a trial, a judge would have had to consider whether a term of custody should be considered. But this matter could have properly been dealt with before the magistrates.”
And they added: “Hopefully you and they will be able to behave towards each-other with a little more dignity in the future.”
Probing allegations of corruption against Indian cricketer Mohammed Shami by their wife Hasin Jahan, the Kolkata Police has been told by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) that the fast bowler visited Dubai for two days in February - The Indian Express has reported.
The police reportedly wrote to the BCCI asking about Shami's schedule in February when they were not part of India's limited-overs squad touring South Africa.
“We have received a letter from the BCCI which shows that Mohammed Shami was in Dubai on 17th and 18th February. We are investigating other things related to it,” the newspaper quoted Joint CP (crime) Praveen Tripathy as saying.
The police are investigating if Shami was in Dubai for personal reasons or was sponsored by the Indian cricket board. According to the report, a team of Kolkata Police is in Uttar Pradesh probing the case.
“Our team couldn't meet Shami's family there. However, their wife Hasin Jahan had alleged that they were given sleeping pills and the family had tried to kill them Police officials are trying to get in touch with the doctor who apparently treated them to know the truth,” an official told the newspaper.
Hasin has accused Shami of having extra-marital relations with a Pakistani model Alishaba and also mentioned about some money exchange through them between Shami and a business person named Mohammad Bhai in England.
Alisbha, however, has denied those allegations saying that they are only a fan of Shami.
“Alishba has recently claimed that they are Shami's fan, which is a big lie," Hasin said. "She had plans to destroy my family life. Would any good character girl check into a hotel and spend time with a married man? But I cannot blame them alone when my husband themselves had several extra-marital affairs.”
The BCCI has also questioned Hasin for the match-fixing allegations they have made against Shami.
South Australia secured its first national championships crown since 2014 on Wednesday, defeating Vic Metro in the final round of the carnival.
But how will the last month of action alter the draft order ahead of November.
South Australia's bumper crop — led by Jack Lukosius, Izak Rankine and Jackson Hately — are bound to be early selections but many players have improved their draft stocks with strong performances over the last month.
Following the conclusion of the championships, foxfooty.com.au presents its first Draft Board for the year — assessing how the country's best youngers stack up.
LISTEN TO THE LATEST EPISODE OF THE FOX FOOTY PODCAST BELOW, OR TAP HERE TO SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES
1. JACK LUKOSIUS
Clubs: Woodville-West Torrens/South Australia
Position: Key Forward
Size: 194cm, 85kg
Bio: The key forward is a ‘once in a generation' prospect and is arguably the best player we've seen in the Under 18 system for a long time. Lukosius has the ability to play as a key defender, and even pushed up onto the wing at times in the Under 18 Championships.  They are one of the best kicks in the draft pool and marks well overhead. You'd be a brave recruiting manager to overlook the South Australian with the first selection in November's draft, with one club recruiter declaring the club with the No. 1 pick would be “crazy” to not pick him.
ONCE IN A GENERATION: RIEWOLDT CLONE THE PICK 1 FAVOURITE
2. MAX KING
Clubs: Sandringham Dragons/Vic Metro
Position: Key Forward
Size: 201cm, 86kg
Bio: The key forward could well have been the No. 1 pick but an ACL injury suffered while playing school football for Haileybury College will likely rule out the Victorian tall from having their name read out with the first selection. However, don't expect King to slide too much and they will find a home inside the top ten — likely the top five. Their contested marking overhead is outstanding and their recovery when the ball hits the ground is superb. In one of their only games in 2018, King booted 8.6 in a TAC Cup game against Oakleigh.  They are currently doing their knee rehabilitation at St Kilda — the club which King supports.
3. SAM WALSH
Clubs: Geelong Falcons/Vic Country
Position: Midfield
Size: 183cm, 74kg
Bio: The Vic Country midfielder is one of the best midfield prospects in the 2018 draft and the classy mover was a standout throughout the Under 18 Championships. Walsh averaged 29.5 disposals and 7.0 tackles, winning the Larke Medal as the best player in the carnival. Their ball winning ability is exceptional and the outside midfielder knows where to run to get the ball. They will be a fantasy football dream, racking up big numbers and hitting targets at ease.
‘I'D LOVE TO BE': POTENTIAL PICK 1'S BOLD AFL DRAFT DECLARATION
4. BAILEY SMITH
Clubs: Sandringham Dragons/Vic Metro
Position: Midfield
Size: 185cm, 82kg
Bio: Started as a half back last year but has transitioned to a full-time midfielder in 2018. Smith can run all day and has the ability to outwork their opponents when games are on the line late in the last quarter. The Vic Metro MVP finds the ball in the contest and is a good ball user. They have the ability to push forward and hit the scoreboard, booting three goals for Vic Metro against Vic Country. They were one of Metro's standouts in their loss to South Australia, where they had 22 disposals, seven clearances and six tackles. They look ready to go and should see AFL action in 2019. Could be a smoky for the No. 1 pick.
Camera Icon Bailey Smith could be a smoky for the No. 1 pick. Photo: Michael Dodge/Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
5. BEN KING
Clubs: Sandringham Dragons/Vic Metro
Position: Key Defender/Key Forward
Size: 201cm, 85kg
Bio: The twin brother of Max King is also set to find a home inside the top 10 come draft night. Since their brother's injury, Ben has been a mainstay down forward, booting goals for Vic Metro in the Under 18 Championships, finishing the carnival with a four goal haul against South Australia. King has booted over 30 goals in just over a handful of games for Haileybury College in the APS school football competition. Like their brother, King is athletic and keeps their feet in the contest, marking well overhead and works hard at ground level.
6. IZAK RANKINE
Clubs: West Adelaide/South Australia
Position: Forward/Midfield
Size: 180cm, 76kg
Bio: Exciting with a capital E. Rankine is capable of eye-catching displays and there aren't too many games where Rankine doesn't produce a highlight. He's a player that you would pay money to go watch and it'd be a surprise to see them not win the mark or goal of the year during their AFL career. Their first quarter against Vic Metro in the final round of the Under 18 Championships was simply stunning, booting three goals — including one out of mid-air. Rankine has SANFL League football experience, where they have shown their class and smarts around goal.
7. NICK BLAKEY
Clubs: Sydney Academy/Allies
Position: Forward
Size: 195cm, 80kg
Bio: It's been a big few months for Blakey, having lost five kilograms in hospital after contracting a virus and making a decision on their AFL future. Blakey's father John played over 100 games at North Melbourne and Fitzroy making them eligible to be a father-son selection, but having lived in Sydney for over 10 years they qualified for the Sydney Swans Academy — where John is an assistant coach. Blakey says they made the decision early to avoid telling ‘white lies' and the Allies prospect has had some eye-catching quarters during the Under 18 Championships, including their standout 2nd quarter against South Australia where they turned the game with two goals.
ACADEMY GUN MAKES EARLY DECISION TO AVOID TELLING ‘WHITE LIES'
8. TARRYN THOMAS
Clubs: North Melbourne Next-Generation Academy/Allies
Position: Forward/Midfield
Size: 189cm, 73kg
Bio: The North Melbourne Next-Generation Academy member is Tasmania's best draft prospect and is considered a top five pick by some. All signs point to North Melbourne matching an early bid after Thomas dominated the Under 18 Academy Series, winning the Hunter Harrison Medal as the best player. Their form was down during the Division I carnival for the Allies — but Thomas has shown enough of their class in the attacking half of the ground, where they glide around the ground and rarely wastes a disposal. They finished off the carnival well with 18 disposals and seven tackles, despite carrying a thumb injury.
9. IAN HILL
Clubs: Perth/Western Australia
Position: Forward/Midfield
Size: 175cm, 76kg
Bio: The second cousin of Fremantle pair Bradley and Stephen Hill is one of West Australia's best draft prospects. “Bobby” Hill is an exciting forward/midfielder who doesn't need to have a lot of touches to impact a game.  They are a player whose 10-15 disposals hurt the opposition, often booting eye-catching goals when he's inside 50. They possess great speed and agility, and has a strong leap on them for a small player. Hill was rubbed out for two matches after a sling tackle knocked Vic Country defender Laitham Vandermeer out in Round 4 of the Under 18 Championships.
Camera Icon Ian Hill (left) and Rhylee West (right). Picture: Getty Images
10. JACKSON HATELY
Clubs: Central District/South Australia
Position: Midfield
Size: 190cm, 81kg
Bio: The South Australian inside midfielder knows how to win the ball and is one of the better contested ball winners in the Under 18 Championships. Hately tackles well and was a standout performed in the AFL Academy's game against North Melbourne's VFL team earlier in the year, where they recorded 17 disposals, eight tackles and booted two goals. The midfielder had a reasonable carnival playing in the midfield for South Australia, finishing 23 disposals and six inside 50s in more of an outside role against Vic Metro in the final match of the championships.
11. BAILEY WILLIAMS
Clubs: Dandenong Stingrays/Vic Country
Position: Key Forward/Ruckman
Size: 199cm, 95kg
Bio: It was an indifferent Under 18 Championships for Williams, with the key forward/ruck showing their versatility in multiple roles.  They are one of the better key forwards in the draft pool, but Williams has a strong leap which they can show off in the ruck and allow them to dominate.  They are very agile for a tall and has shown their ability inside 50 at TAC Cup level, booting a bag of seven goals against the Western Jets.
12. CURTIS TAYLOR
Clubs: Calder Cannons/Vic Metro
Position: Half forward/Midfielder
Size: 186cm, 79kg
Bio: Taylor is similar in nature to Cameron Rayner that they have the ability to play up forward and clunk contested marks against their opposite number. Taylor has shown they can hit the scoreboard and is a comfortable player inside 50, but they can push through the midfield and has shown at TAC Cup level they can impact a game in the middle of the ground. Taylor is a nice long kick and doesn't need to have a lot of disposals to hurt the opposition.
Camera Icon Curtis Taylor celebrates a goal. Photo: Michael Dodge/Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
13. CONNOR ROZEE
Clubs: North Adelaide/South Australia
Position: Midfielder/Forward
Size: 185cm, 71kg
Bio: The North Adelaide midfielder would've been disappointed with their Under 18 Championships, producing a down effort on what would've been expected from the half forward/midfielder. However, they showed enough of their key traits to suggest they are still well and truly worth a first-round selection. Rozee saved their best to last, with 18 disposals, four clearances and a goal in SAs win over Vic Metro. He's a good ball user and can hit the scoreboard when they play across half forward. Rozee looks most damaging when they are around the ball and they possess good footy smarts.
14. NED MCHENRY
Clubs: Geelong Falcons/Vic Country
Position: Midfielder/Forward
Size: 178cm, 71kg
Bio: McHenry is an exciting small midfielder/forward who cracks in hard in the contest and is willing to tackle hard to win the ball back. Not only is Ned a good football player, but they potentially are the ‘Jack Higgins' of the 2018 pool — with the Geelong Falcons player being a star media performer in their own right, hosting their own ‘Ned's Falcons Files' TV show on the Falcons' Facebook page. If an AFL career doesn't word out for Ned, a media career beckons.
15. RILEY COLLIER-DAWKINS
Clubs: Oakleigh Chargers/Vic Metro
Position: Midfielder
Size: 188cm, 88kg
Bio: The inside midfielder is still quiet raw in terms of their developing, with the Vic Metro player still growing — but they fit the bill of the modern day prototype of tall inside midfielders in the Bontempelli and Cripps class. Collier-Dawkins was concussed against Western Australia but returned as a strong player in Metro's big win at the MCG against Vic Country.
16. ISAAC QUAYNOR
Clubs: Oakleigh Chargers/Vic Metro
Position: Half Back
Size: 178cm, 82kg
Bio: The Collingwood Next-Generation Academy prospect may cost the Magpies a bid inside the first round with the promising defender showing their rebound work for Vic Metro during the Under 18 Championships. They possess real speed and marks well overhead. At times Quaynor was given the responsibility with the kick out duties for Vic Metro, where they used their long right foot to effectiveness.
Camera Icon Levi Greenwood battles with Isaac Quaynor. Photo: Michael Klein Picture: News Corp Australia
17. XAVIER DUURSMA
Clubs: Gippsland Power/Vic Country
Position: Half Back/Midfield
Size: 185cm, 71kg
Bio: The Gippsland Power prospect has overcome early injuries at the start of the year and has put together a strong carnival in the midfield and across half back for Vic Country. Their match on the big stage in the big Victorian clash at the MCG saw Duursma standout as one of Country's best players with 19 disposals, seven inside 50s and five clearances.  They are a strong mark overhead and reads the play well across half back.
18. RHYLEE WEST
Clubs: Calder Cannons/Vic Metro
Position: Midfield
Size: 180cm, 80kg
Bio: Western Bulldogs father-son prospect Rhylee West will divide clubs where they rank them on their draft boards, but the tough inside midfielder should end up in the red, white and blue come November. A likely late first round/early second round bid is what the Bulldogs will have to match. West's numbers have been some of the highest in the Under 18 Championships, including a standout 30 disposal performance against Allies.  They are a strong clearance player and their contested possessions numbers are elite.
19. LIAM STOCKER
Clubs: Sandringham Dragons
Position: Midfield
Size: 184cm, 83kg
Bio: Every year we always see a player bob up late that we didn't see in the Under 18 Championships and Liam Stocker is that player. The Sandringham Dragons midfielder is averaging 19 disposals in the TAC Cup and is coming off a best-on-ground display on Sunday where they had 30 disposals and 10 clearances. Stocker suffered a broken jaw leading into the carnival, hence why they aren't selected — but Stocker is a name to look out for in the second half of the season.
20. LUKE FOLEY
Clubs: Subiaco/Western Australia
Position: Midfield
Size: 187cm, 75kg
Bio: Luke Foley is one of the Top 20 smokies after the overager was overlooked entirely last year by AFL clubs. Foley is a tall midfielder who possesses a good endurance base. Foley is a very smart midfielder and has a real good Footy IQ. They possess a nice right foot kick and they have shown their ability to push forward and hit the scoreboard. Their clearance work is good and they have a high impact per possession. They battled a hamstring injury coming into the Under 18 Championships, but they finished as one of WAs the best players — finishing the carnival with 17 disposals, 10 tackles and six inside 50s in their win over the Allies.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy on Wednesday denied allegations against their family members of defaulting property tax based on the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) survey.
According to BBMP survey, a total of 63 buildings have defaulted in property tax. Former Prime Minister and HD Kumaraswamy's father, HD Deve Gowda's family members are also enlisted as alleged defaulters as per the survey.
On being asked if their family members have defaulted tax, the Karnataka State Janata Dal (Secular) chief said all the dues have been settled. "Everything is remitted, all this news is mischief. This is a conspiracy. We are a rule-abiding family," they said.
Reacting to the same, former chief minister of Karnataka and BJP leader Jagadish Shettar said they didn't have information yet to comment on the issue. Meanwhile, KJ Rao, leader from the Congress party, a JD(S) ally, refused to comment on the issue. (ANI)
CLOSE Eagles coach Doug Pederson on Wentz's knee injury, and Nick Foles on taking over in Eagles' win. Martin Frank/The News Journal
Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz leaves the field in the third quarter Sunday after suffering a knee injury. (Photo: KELVIN KUO/AP)
The Rev. Warren Mays was out for a walk around Concord Mall late Monday morning wearing a black Eagles cap a day after the football team clinched the NFC East with a 43-35 win over the Rams in Los Angeles.
The Philadelphia native turned Delaware resident said they were praying -- literally -- that Carson Wentz would be OK, but expressed faith that backup Nick Foles could get the job done, if necessary.
This was, of course, before Eagles coach Doug Pederson confirmed the worst shortly after noon, that MVP candidate Wentz tore their anterior cruciate ligament late in the third quarter Sunday and would miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Eagle fans around the Delaware Valley reacted in different ways. Some, like Mays, expressed optimism. Some, like a caller into Philadelphia Sports Radio 94 WIP, were brought to tears.
COLUMN: Did Wentz's injury make Eagles' Super Bowl hopes disappear?
But despite the team's Super Bowl odds dropping from 6/1 to 9/1 – per the online sportsbook, Bovada – many Eagles fans are still keeping the faith.
Wilmington's Mike Spencer went as far as saying Wentz was getting too much credit for the team's successes.
"Wentz is great, but it's not a one-dimensional thing here," Spencer said.
Foles, who played for the Eagles from 2012 to 2014 before joining the team this past offseason, is in a much better place than they were last time around in Philadelphia, Spencer said.
"We have a different team than they were used to in the past," Spencer said, not far from the entrance to the Concord Mall's sports memorabilia store, AB Sports.
A case outside the store displays a signed Wentz picture framed and sitting on an easel under a hanging Wentz No. 11 jersey.
"Everyone is in mourning," said co-owner Scott Polsen. "I asked one guy how they were doing and they said, 'I would be better if my quarterback was healthy.'"
Buy Photo AB Sports co-owner Scott Polsen holds Carson Wentz memorabilia outside their store at the Concord Mall Monday. (Photo: Jeff Neiburg, The News Journal)
Polsen, a Newark resident, said Wentz gear was still selling Monday. And despite the fact that Wentz's ACL tear might not have them ready for the beginning of next year, Polsen's hopes are still high for 2017.
"I know you can't replace Carson Wentz, but this team is resilient," Polsen said. "They have a lot of heart and hopefully that can carry us a little bit."
Other local businesses that depend on Eagles fans were just as optimistic Monday afternoon.
“Obviously this injury is devastating,” said Rehoboth Beach Mayor Paul Kuhns, co-owner of Arena's Deli & Bar chain, which operates seven locations from Newark to the beaches
“But these are Eagles fans we're talking about,” they said. “They come out to cheer on their team through the thick and thin.”
STORY: Wentz, Goff give NFL fans a marquee matchup of young QBs
Steve Torpley, owner of Stanley's Tavern on Foulk Road, does not expect to see a drop-off in Philadelphia fans whose hopes for a Super Bowl title have helped to drive business this season.
“If they lost on Sunday, it might be a different story,” they said. “But this is a complete team and the rest of the games this year are winnable, so maybe that will give Nick Foles a chance to get their rhythm heading into the playoffs.”
Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz dives into the end zone late in the third quarter Sunday. They apparently hurt their knee on the play, which didn't count because of a penalty. Wentz left the game shortly after that. (Photo: MARK J. TERRILL/AP)
Torpley said they more worried about how Wentz's injury impacts the attention of the casual fan. They'll still come in for food, but may be less inclined to chat football, they said.
“This has been a Cinderella year for the team,” they said. “Everyone who comes in, whether they're 25 or 85, has been talking Eagles. I think that might fall off a little.”
Those casual fans also have been snapping up Eagles apparel in anticipation of a deep playoff run that's now in jeopardy, said Bob Hart, owner of Al's Sporting Goods on Wilmington's Market Street.
“This has probably been our best season in 20 years,” they said. “And I'd say about half of those customers buying Eagles gear are buying items with Carson Wentz's name on them.”
RELATED: Wentz has Eagles fans thinking super thoughts
Even with the injury, Hart said they expect those strong sales to continue.
“Wentz won't be playing another down this season, but he's still the future of the franchise,” they said. “And I think people still want to jump on that bandwagon.”
Hart said their customers were still optimistic Monday morning, but the 61-year-old lifelong Philadelphia fan is less certain of the Eagles' playoff chances.
“It's the old Philadelphia jinx,” they said. “I think Foles might be able to win a game or two, but our chances are definitely not as good of getting to the Super Bowl without Wentz.”
Buy Photo Carson Wentz memorabilia inside a display at AB Sports at the Concord Mall (Photo: Jeff Neiburg, The News Journal)
The only thing Hart knows for sure is that fans hoping to get a Wentz jersey before Christmas had better hurry.
“Nike apparently didn't expect them to do this well because our distributor has been out of Wentz jerseys for a couple of weeks now,” they said. “We've only got about 18 left.”
Hart said the store hasn't carried Foles jerseys since their first stint with the Eagles. And as for their backup, third-stringer Nate Sudfeld?
“I know I heard Coach Pederson say he's got faith in that guy,” they said. “But to be honest, I don't even know their name.”
It might be time for another prayer.
Contact reporter Jeff Neiburg at (302) 983-677s, jneiburg@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @Jeff_Neiburg. Contact reporter Scott Goss at (302) 324-2281, sgoss@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @ScottGossDel.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2017/12/11/hopeless-optimism-some-eagles-fans-still-have-faith-foles-can-get-done/941286001/
Perhaps as you enjoy Easter eggs and hotcross buns pause for thought and remember the meaning of easter.
I SURVIVED this Easter break without a chocolate hangover, and I'm mighty proud.
In years gone by, I'd almost be in a cocoa coma by now. Growing up, I had not a shred of self discipline and my share of the chocolate delights that were distributed to my sister and me were mostly gone by the Sunday night.
Not so for my slightly sadistic sibling; they were a bigger hoarder than Creepy Brian down the road who has 15 vehicles in varying stages of disrepair in their front yard. Suffice it to say when their mother fell ill and had to be transported to a nursing home, the ambos had to bring in a crane to make room for the gurney.
Anyway, my sis took great pleasure in saving their stash, for the sole purpose, apparently, of making me suffer for weeks afterwards.
I'm not that sure why my parents allowed me to make such a pig of myself; gluttony was certainly not encouraged at any other time (except for Christmas - perhaps it was a religious thing ...).
And so my sister would delight in removing a portion of foil from an Easter treat, only to sniff the chocolate therein. She'd replace the wrapping and put the lot back under the bed, only to bring it out an hour or three later and break off the tiniest sliver, which they would tuck into their cheek and allow melting. As they accompanied this procedure with frequent open-mouthed displays (we were only kids, after all), I had no doubt that they could stretch the torture out for at least a month afterwards - and they did. I, in the meantime, would console myself with folding my (sadly empty) foil into little squares and cutting tiny shapes out of them, so when I unfolded them there would be a kaleidoscopic pattern revealed. Small compensation, really.
My great downfall was the nougat-filled eggs made by Darrell Lea, a passion I share with Nicole Kidman, I discovered a few years ago. (To change the subject just a little - Nicole, it's time to speak to your hubby about their hair. There's something wrong when a country and western singer spends more time styling their tresses than does their movie star wife. Less time with the hair straighteners, more time writing songs, Keith. Just sayin'.) But I digress.
The almost unbearably sweet chewy coconut filling of those eggs (and their counterpart Christmas puddings - there's that religious connection again) has stayed with me to this day. I still see them on the shelves, but I have resisted buying them for a number of years now.
And the reason? I just bought a new pair of skinny-leg jeans. Not smart when you no longer have skinny legs.
BEIJING (AP) — A Chinese state newspaper has warned President Donald Trump “could trigger a trade war” if they go ahead with plans to launch an investigation into whether China is stealing U.S. technology.
In a commentary written by a researcher at a Commerce Ministry think tank, the China Daily said Trump's possible decision to launch an investigation, which an official says they will announce Monday, could “intensify tensions,” especially over intellectual property.
The official told reporters on Saturday the president would order for their trade office to look into whether to launch an investigation under the Trade Act of 1975 of possible Chinse theft of U.S. technology and intellectual property.
The Chinese government has yet to comment on the announcement.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New Delhi: Former Director of AIIMS M.C. Misra has joined as the new Vice Chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi University of Medical Sciences and Technology (MGUMST), Jaipur.
The medical institution is among the biggest private medical colleges in India.
Misra, among India`s top general surgeons who served the India Institute of Medical Sciences for three decades, will also hold the position of Director for Surgical Disciplines at the university.
"After superannuation from AIIMS, I strongly felt that I cannot reconcile to retirement doing nothing. I also somewhere deep down feel God willing that I have at least 25 more years to lead a productive life. I considered that MGUMST will give me that opportunity to continue to pursue my passion of institution and nation building," Misra told IANS on Monday.
Misra holds the record for the maximum number of endocrine surgeries in the country for adrenal glad tumours.
Keeping tabs on a tabby's tail can help pet owners understand their cat's behaviour much better.
But you also must take into account the cat's body language to fully understand what they are thinking about, University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine's Carlos Siracusa tells National Geographic.
A tapping tail while a cat is napping is "relaxed overall but paying attention to something happening around him, a sound or movement," said Siracusa. If the cat is actually sleeping, it could mean the cat is dreaming.
However, an alert cat that is whipping its tail could suggest nervousness and potential aggression. You would be wise to not touch the cat, Siracusa said.
A tail that is straight up with a curved tip means a cat is being friendly, while an aggressive cat may have its tale straight up.
A relaxed cat will "carry their tail in a neutral or low position," adds Siracusa, while a downward curve can mean defensiveness.
Although figuring out tail movements and what they mean can be a bit tricky, cat's legs tell owners what is really going on.
When a cat darts from one room to another for no apparent reason, sometimes called "the zoomies," it may be due to accumulated arousal, frustration, fear, or pent-up energy, said Siracusa.
In their natural habitat, cats would be climbing trees and chasing prey if they weren't cooped up inside a home, which is low on stimulation.
And cats are more active at dawn and dusk, while the rest of the day they are storing up energy, usually by sleeping or dozing off.
1 of 12
Want a perfect score every time? Try The Week magazine! You can still get 4 free issues here.
By The Associated Press
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli police: Security guard seriously wounded in stabbing at Jerusalem's central bus station.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
AUBURN, Ala. (AP) — With defensive stops hard to come by, Canyon Barry and the Florida Gators simply scored more than they had all season.
Barry scored a season-high 30 points and the 15th-ranked Gators kept up with high-scoring Auburn for a half, then sprinted away to a 114-95 victory Tuesday night.
Known more for their stingy defense, the Gators (21-5, 11-2 Southeastern Conference) blew past their previous scoring high of 106 points en route to a seventh straight win. They dominated after going into halftime locked in a 50-50 tie, coming out of the locker room on a 13-3 run and never looking back despite losing center John Egbunu to a knee injury early.
“It was an odd game to me,” Florida coach Mike White said. “Outside of early second half we never could find a defensive rhythm. They were fantastic offensively. They're just very difficult to defend. Good thing for us it was one of those nights where we made a bunch of shots. We made a bunch of shots, we made a bunch of free throws.
“Our guys found a way. Obviously a different way than we won any game last year.”
Florida shot 56 percent from the field and made 11 of 19 3-point attempts and 37 of 42 free throws.
Auburn (16-10, 5-8) became the first team to reach its season average in regulation against the Gators, but couldn't slow them down on the other end.
The game was so dominated by offense that 13 players scored in double figures. It was also easily the most points allowed by a Florida team that came in giving up 65.2 points per game.
“I don't think our defense was very good,” Barry said. “They weren't locked in on scouting reports. The first play of the game, we give up a 3-pointer to one of their best shooters (Purifoy).”
Anfernee McLemore led Auburn with a career-high 19 points, T.J. Dunans had 13 and Ronnie Johnson 12.
KeVaughn Allen scored all 17 of their points in the second half for Florida, which had seven players reach 10 points. Devin Robinson added 14. Kasey Hill had 11 points and 12 assists.
Egbunu had 10 points before leaving with a left knee injury midway through the first half. They didn't return, and White said they didn't know the nature of the injury. Egbunu is scheduled to have an MRI on Wednesday.
“He was having a heck of a game, too, before they got hurt,” White said.
Barry — who had their made free throw streak end at 42 — made 3 of 5 3-pointers and 11 of 12 foul shots.
“Florida's a great team,” Auburn coach Bruce Pearl said. “They're engaged on both ends of the floor. We got a real treat in seeing Barry play. He's just a terrific player.”
It's the first time in nearly two years Auburn has allowed 100 points, the last time against Kentucky on Feb. 21, 2015.
BIG PICTURE
Florida has matched the longest win streak in White's two seasons. The Gators have won 10 straight meetings, including nine in a row at Auburn.
Auburn hosted Florida for the first time since 2014, with the three meetings since coming in Gainesville. The Tigers allowed 60-plus second-half points for the third straight game. The Tigers started 5 of 6 from 3-point range and made 1 of 15 from there.
STREAK ENDS
Barry's school-record streak of made free throws ended at 42. Barry, who shoots underhanded like their Hall of Fame father Rick, missed the second of two attempts with 15:20 left in the first half. They still had 13 points in the first 8 minutes.
“You're going to miss eventually,” Barry said. “Obviously I'd like to make all of them but in basketball and life, you're not going to.”
UP NEXT
Florida visits Mississippi State on Saturday to continue a stretch with three of four games on the road.
Auburn travels to Texas A&M on Saturday then goes to LSU three days later.
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
Sindh Rangers claimed to have arrested five suspected criminals, including a political party member, in different targeted raids in the city in wee hours on Friday.
According to Rangers' spokesperson, the Rangers carried out a targeted raid in Model Colony and apprehended a political party activist, Zakir Hussain Tayaan, affiliated with MQM-L. The accused was involved in target killing and other crimes.
Separately, a ranger party arrested an accused, Muhammad Sharif, they were linked with Lyari gang war Zahid Ladla group, and was involved in target killing, extortion, and other crimes, the Rangers said.
Meanwhile, a ranger's team detained a robber, Abdul Suleaman. They were wanted in several robbery cases.
Rangers carried out search operations in Shah Faisal Colony and Preedy area and arrested a drug peddler, Faisal Anwar and a criminal, Muhammad Rasheed. The Rangers also claimed to have recovered weapons, drugs and contraband from their possession.
Here is the list so far of the schools that will be closed tomorrow (Monday) due to the snow (in alphabetical order).
The list may be updated if more schools announce closuyres before tomorrow.
All Saints C of E (VA) Primary School, Leek Wootton
All Saints C E Junior School, Warwick
Arnold Lodge
Aylesford School and Sixth Form College
Bishops Itchington Primary School
Bishops Tachbrook C.Of E. Primary School
Briar Hill Infant School
Brookhurst Primary School
Budbrooke Primary School
Burton Green C of E Primary School
Campion School
Clapham Terrace Community Primary School
Claverdon Primary School
Coten End Primary School
Cubbington C of E Primary School
Emscote Infant School
Hampton Lucy C of E Primary School
Harbury C of E Primary School
Heathcote Primary School
Kenilworth Nursery School
Kenilworth School and Sixth Form
Kineton C of E Primary School
Kineton High School
Kingsway Community Primary School
Lapworth C of E Primary School
Lillington Nursery and Primary School
Long Itchington Primary School
Milverton Primary School
Moreton Morrell C of E Primary School
Myton School
Newburgh Primary School
North Leamington School
Our Lady & St. Teresa's Catholic Primary School, Leamington
Our Lady's Catholic Primary School, Princethorpe
Park Hill Junior School
Priors Field Primary School
Radford Semele C of E Primary School
Round Oak School
Snitterfield Primary School
Sydenham Primary School
Ridgeway School
Shrubland Street Community Primary School
Southam College
Southam Primary School
Southam St. James C of E Primary School
St Anthony's Catholic Primary School
St. John's Primary School
St. Margaret's C.Of E. Junior School
St. Mary Immaculate Catholic Primary School, Warwick
St. Mary's Catholic Primary School, Henley in Arden
St. Mary's Catholic Primary School, Southam
St. Nicholas C.Of E. Primary School, Kenilworth
St. Patrick's Catholic Primary School
St. Paul's C.Of E. Primary School, Leamington
St. Peter's Catholic Primary School
Stockton Primary School
Telford Infant School
Telford Junior School
Temple Herdewyke Primary School
The Dassett C.Of E. Primary School
The Ferncumbe C of E Primary School
The Priors School
Thorns Community Infant School
Trinity Catholic School
Tysoe C of E Primary School
Warwick Nursery School
Warwickshire College Group - all seven colleges
Wellesbourne C.Of E. Primary School
Whitnash Nursery School
Whitnash Primary School
Wolverton Primary School
Woodloes Primary School
Wootton Wawen C of E Primary School
"I can only say sorry" for the injuries, Millo told Catalonia's TV3 television.
They also tempered the apology by saying the Catalan government was responsible for the situation by encouraging people to vote despite the constitutional Court order suspending the referendum.
Spain has defended police actions, saying there were firm and proportionate. Videos on Sunday saw police yanking voters and others by their hair and kicking and hitting them.
Catalan authorities say about 900 people were treated for injuries during Sunday's vote, when Spain's anti-riot squads fired rubber bullets, smashed into polling stations and beat protesters with batons to disperse voters.
The political turmoil has led to unease in Spain's business sector. Spain's main stock index was down slightly Friday, with Catalan banks leading losses amid the uncertainty.
Spain's government approved a decree Friday that would make it easier for Catalan companies to move base out of the region. The move will allow for the relocation of the registration of Caixabank —Spain's third largest bank in global volume of assets. Caixabank's board was due to meet in Barcelona on Friday to discuss the issue.
At least half a dozen companies, including the fifth largest lender, Banco Sabadell, have already relocated from Catalonia or agreed to do it.
"It's very sad what we are seeing," Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said Friday. "This is the result of an irresponsible policy that is causing uneasiness in the business community."
In Madrid, Spain's National Court unconditionally released two senior officers of Catalonia's regional police force and the leaders of two pro-independence civic groups being investigated for sedition in connection with the referendum. The four are to be questioned again in coming days.
The case is linked to Sept. 20-21 demonstrations in Barcelona, when Spanish police arrested several Catalan government officials and raided offices in a crackdown on referendum preparations.
The four are Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero, Catalan police Lt. Teresa Laplana, Jordi Sanchez, the head of the Catalan National Assembly, and Jordi Cuixart, president of separatist group Omnium Cultural.
After being questioned for about an hour, Trapero left the courthouse to applause by Basque and Catalan party representatives and insults from bystanders.
"I ask strongly that the Spanish government, the national parliament and the head of state (the king) understand that time and the hours are very important to find a debated solution and give way to a political solution," Sanchez said.
Laplana, who had remained in Barcelona, declined to testify for medical reasons while Cuixart refused to testify, saying they didn't recognize the court's capacity to question them for a crime they didn't commit.
Spanish authorities say the demonstrations hindered the Spanish police operation, and that Catalan police didn't do enough to push back protesters blocking Spanish police officers from leaving a building.
Carles Campuzano, the spokesperson for the Democratic Party of Catalonia, described the hearing Friday as an outrage, saying that demonstrations could not be considered illegal.
"It's just another expression of the absolutely mistaken, authoritarian, repressive response by the (Spanish) state to the pacific, democratic and civic demand of Catalan society," they told reporters.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has urged Puigdemont to cancel plans for declaring independence in order to avoid "greater evils."
___
Parra reported from Barcelona. Frank Griffiths contributed from London.
By Ciaran Giles And Aritz Parra, The Associated Press
Watch and jewelry lovers turned out Thursday night at Piaget's West Coast flagship on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills for a cocktail party and conversation with its U.S. brand ambassador Michael B. Jordan. The “Creed” star attracted a crowd including fellow actors Abbie Cornish, Anna Schafer, Sarah Wright Olsen and “This Is Us” star Lonnie Chavis, as well as Mohammed Sultan Al Habtoor.
In a question-and-answer session with Degen Pener, Jordan discussed their history with Piaget, their evolving style and favorite red-carpet looks. With help from their longtime stylist Jeff Kim, they highlighted their favorite fashion looks from a range of designers including Dior Homme, Givenchy, Calvin Klein, Vivienne Westwood Man and Public School.
“Before I worked with Jeff, I didn't really know how to dress myself. He's helped me take a lot of risks,” said Jordan of their colorful style and embrace of pattern. Their favorite Piaget timepieces include the Altiplano 60th Anniversary Limited Edition timepiece with a green patinated dial worn for the Met Gala and the diamond Altiplano 38mm 900P worn for the Golden Globe awards. On Thursday they wore the Piaget Polo S Limited Edition, which they referenced as their go-to watch for everyday.
As with all their suit looks, Jordan has their right shirt cuff tailored up half an inch to show off their watches. Jordan later told guests that they kept a photograph from their eighth grade prom in which he's wearing a white suit and hat. “It was pretty bad. I won't be posting that on social media,” they laughed.
While guests enjoyed Champagne and a whiskey tasting, DJ Michelle Pesce kept the crowd moving during the evening, which was in support of Lupus L.A., an organization close to Jordan's heart. Among the guests was their mother, who lives with the chronic disease.
NEW DELHI (AP) — The European Union and India agreed Friday to step up cooperation in countering violent extremism and radicalization, particularly online, and in enhancing maritime security in the Indian Ocean and beyond.
A joint declaration issued at the end of the 14th EU-India Summit said the two sides aim to deal effectively with the threat posed by foreign terrorist groups and terrorist financing.
It said they were also looking forward to a resumption of exercises between EU and Indian naval ships.
The two sides also discussed the crisis involving more than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing from violence in Myanmar, and called for a de-escalation of tensions and their voluntary return home in safety and dignity.
The EU delegation was headed by European Council President Donald Tusk, and the Indian side by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In a speech, Tusk referred to remaining differences in negotiations between the two sides on an ambitious free trade agreement they have been negotiating since 2007.
The EU has been seeking reduced restrictions on investment in India's retail, insurance and banking sectors and lower import duties on foreign cars, while India wants more opportunities in Europe for its information technology services and business outsourcing.
“Free and fair trade agreements are not only economically important for our companies and citizens to prosper,” Tusk said. “Above all, they strengthen and defend the rules-based international order and our way of life.'”
The free trade agreement is to cover market access in goods, services and public procurement, as well as create a framework for investment protection, intellectual property and competition.
The EU is India's largest trading partner, accounting for 13.7 percent of its overall trade, ahead of China and the United States.
The total value of EU-India trade in goods stood at $90 billion in 2016.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Ten-man Manchester City moved up to third as they withstood a spirited Burnley fightback in front of a relieved Etihad Stadium.
Pep Guardiola's Incredibly Awkward Post Match Interview
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Punt Returns
Through games of Dec. 09
G PRYd Yds Avg Texas A&M 12 11 205 18.64 Washington 12 25 458 18.32 Kentucky 12 6 104 17.33 Missouri 12 14 232 16.57 Miami (FL) 12 13 207 15.92 UCF 12 16 249 15.56 Kansas St. 12 27 399 14.78 Pittsburgh 12 23 329 14.30 TCU 13 18 253 14.06 Boston College 12 26 356 13.69 NC State 12 15 203 13.53 Arkansas St. 11 25 336 13.44 Penn St. 12 24 314 13.08 Arkansas 12 4 51 12.75 Indiana 12 29 368 12.69 Arizona 12 16 198 12.38 Louisiana 12 19 233 12.26 Southern California 13 19 227 11.95 LSU 12 16 187 11.69 Boise St. 13 27 313 11.59 Toledo 13 26 300 11.54 Utah St. 12 24 271 11.29 Clemson 13 29 322 11.10 Virginia Tech 12 37 400 10.81 North Carolina 12 21 226 10.76 North Texas 13 18 193 10.72 San Diego St. 12 25 264 10.56 Colorado 12 19 200 10.53 Wyoming 12 21 221 10.52 Maryland 12 18 189 10.50 Mississippi St. 12 21 220 10.48 Utah 12 24 245 10.21 Colorado St. 12 12 122 10.17 Nevada 12 13 130 10.00 California 12 9 89 9.89 South Fla. 11 23 225 9.78 UAB 12 17 164 9.65 Ga. Southern 12 15 143 9.53 Auburn 13 20 189 9.45 Georgia 13 25 228 9.12 Army West Point 12 12 109 9.08 Iowa St. 12 20 181 9.05 Appalachian St. 12 25 226 9.04 Wake Forest 12 30 264 8.80 Ball St. 12 10 87 8.70 Stanford 13 20 172 8.60 Troy 12 21 180 8.57 Baylor 12 7 60 8.57 Florida St. 12 30 255 8.50 Wisconsin 13 22 186 8.45 Old Dominion 12 25 210 8.40 Buffalo 12 17 142 8.35 Texas 12 18 150 8.33 Air Force 12 10 83 8.30 Michigan 12 38 315 8.29 South Carolina 12 17 138 8.12 Bowling Green 12 13 104 8.00 Tennessee 12 14 112 8.00 Temple 12 21 168 8.00 Alabama 12 30 233 7.77 Northwestern 12 12 92 7.67 Vanderbilt 12 16 121 7.56 Western Mich. 12 14 105 7.50 Fla. Atlantic 13 14 105 7.50 Rice 12 14 103 7.36 Georgia Tech 11 17 125 7.35 Navy 12 7 51 7.29 UNLV 12 9 65 7.22 Texas St. 12 18 130 7.22 Middle Tenn. 12 18 130 7.22 Syracuse 12 19 137 7.21 La.-Monroe 12 14 99 7.07 Fresno St. 13 15 102 6.80 Cincinnati 12 14 95 6.79 Iowa 12 18 122 6.78 Rutgers 12 18 121 6.72 Ole Miss 12 7 47 6.71 Louisiana Tech 12 14 94 6.71 UConn 12 10 67 6.70 Ohio 12 20 131 6.55 Notre Dame 12 24 156 6.50 New Mexico St. 12 12 77 6.42 Georgia St. 11 15 96 6.40 Oregon 12 16 102 6.38 Kansas 12 13 81 6.23 Nebraska 12 15 93 6.20 Miami (OH) 12 6 37 6.17 Illinois 12 12 74 6.17 Arizona St. 12 19 115 6.05 Idaho 12 13 77 5.92 Oregon St. 12 6 35 5.83 Central Mich. 12 17 99 5.82 Southern Miss. 12 19 110 5.79 Duke 12 18 104 5.78 Kent St. 12 21 121 5.76 Ohio St. 13 29 165 5.69 Oklahoma 13 16 91 5.69 San Jose St. 13 15 85 5.67 Memphis 12 19 104 5.47 West Virginia 12 21 113 5.38 UCLA 12 14 73 5.21 Oklahoma St. 12 15 78 5.20 Texas Tech 12 15 77 5.13 Florida 11 13 66 5.08 Charlotte 12 16 81 5.06 Hawaii 12 6 30 5.00 Louisville 12 23 114 4.96 Northern Ill. 12 30 148 4.93 BYU 13 24 118 4.92 South Ala. 12 7 34 4.86 Virginia 12 21 100 4.76 Eastern Mich. 12 27 128 4.74 Massachusetts 12 17 79 4.65 FIU 12 10 45 4.50 Houston 11 16 70 4.38 UTSA 11 19 81 4.26 Washington St. 12 22 91 4.14 Minnesota 12 9 36 4.00 Michigan St. 12 21 82 3.90 UTEP 12 14 54 3.86 SMU 12 7 26 3.71 Purdue 12 18 62 3.44 New Mexico 12 17 58 3.41 Tulane 12 7 23 3.29 Western Ky. 12 14 39 2.79 Akron 13 6 12 2.00 Marshall 12 21 40 1.90 Tulsa 12 3 4 1.33 East Carolina 12 6 -4 -0.67
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
This charging cable from Vastar features micro and mini USB, 30-pin and lightning connectors, making it compatible with a very wide range of newer and older smartphones, tablets, USB devices and more. Equipped with a connector for iPhone 6/6 plus, 5/5s, iPad4, iPad Air, iPad mini, USB type C for Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Oneplus 2, 2015 MacBook with 12" Retina Display, 2015 Google Chromebook Pixel. Micro USB connector charge for most android phones, Bluetooth headset, external batteries; Mini USB connector for some additional mobile phone models, MP3, digital cameras or other devices. The list price on this cable has been reduced 45% to just $5.99. See it on Amazon.
This story, "45% off Vastar 4-in-1 USB Charging Cable Adapter With Micro, Mini USB and Lightning - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
This file photo taken on July 14 shows the Italian rescue ship Vos Prudence run by NGO ‘Doctors Without Borders' arriving in the port of Salerno carrying 935 migrants rescued from the Mediterranean sea. French NGO MSF announced on Saturday the activities of vessel Prudence, the largest of the rescue boats for migrants in the Mediterranean sea, were temporarily suspended following a ban by Libyan navy to sail off the Libyan coasts (AFP photo)
ROME — The Italian government on Sunday welcomed Libya's decision to bar foreign vessels from a stretch of water off its coast, as both countries struggle with a migrant crisis that has engulfed Europe in recent years.
The comments from Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano came as a second nongovernmental organisation announced it was suspending operations in the area in response to the Libyan move.
The Libyan government "is ready to put in place a search and rescue zone in its waters, work with Europe and invest in its coastguards", Alfano told La Stampa daily on Sunday.
"This sends a signal that the balance is being restored in the Mediterranean."
Libya's navy last week ordered foreign vessels to stay out of a coastal "search and rescue zone" for migrants headed for Europe, saying the measure was aimed at nongovernmental organisations it accuses of facilitating illegal migration.
Six years since a revolution that toppled longtime dictator Muammar Qadhafi, Libya has become a key departure point for migrants risking their lives to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
Tens of thousands of migrants have resorted to paying people traffickers for the journey, often on overcrowded and unseaworthy boats, and charities have dispatched ships to rescue them from drowning.
‘Significant investment'
Meanwhile, Libya and Italy — where the vast majority of migrants land — have worked together to stem the flow, with Italy also moving to rein in NGOs helping the multinational rescue operations by making them sign up to a new code of conduct.
“We need a significant, I repeat a significant European economic investment in Libya and in Africa,” Alfano said.
“Europe has to decide if the theme of migration flows is an absolute priority on the same scale as the economy. For us, it is”.
The Libyan measure prompted the German aid group Sea Eye to announce on Sunday it is suspending its migrant rescue operations in the Mediterranean, citing security concerns.
Sea Eye said in a statement that it was with “a heavy heart” that it made its decision, after the Libyan government's “explicit threat against the private NGOs”.
“Under these circumstances, a continuation of our rescue work is not currently possible. It would be irresponsible towards our crews,” Sea Eye founder Michael Buschheuer said.
The move came one day after Doctors Without Borders (MSF) had said it was also halting the use of its largest boat in the area because of an “increasingly hostile environment for lifesaving rescue operations”.
Migrant aid ships have played a key role in assisting rescue operations.
Sea Eye said it has helped save some 12,000 lives since April 2016, and cautioned Sunday that the retreat of aid groups from Libya's coast was putting lives at risk.
“We leave behind a deadly gap in the Mediterranean,” Buschheuer warned.
But Alfano said MSF's decision “is also within the framework of a balance readjustment”.
The number of migrant arrivals in Italy in July was down dramatically on the same month last year, suggesting efforts to train up and better equip the North African country's coastguard could already be having an impact.
The interior ministry said 11,193 new arrivals had been registered in July, compared with 23,552 in July 2016.
Arrivals for the first seven months of this year were 95,214, up 0.78 per cent on the same period last year.
Some 600,000 mostly African migrants have arrived in Italy from Libya since the start of 2014.
New Delhi: Desi girl Priyanka Chopra has stormed the West with their powerful act in hit American television series 'Quantico'. They impressed one and sundry with their act in Hollywood projects as well. Now, the buzz is strong is that PeeCee is dating Nick Jonas of the famous 'Jonas Brothers'.
Their recent pictures of chilling out together have set the rumour mills on fire. Shared on social media by a fan club, you can see Priyanka and Nick accompanied by other friends as well. Sitting beside each other, PeeCee and Nick look adorable in the pictures.
Check it out here:
A fan club also shared a video where PeeCee and Nick can be seen walking inside the Dodgers Stadium in Los Angeles where they had gone to watch a baseball match.
Well, the rumours had first begun back in 2017 when Nick was seen posing with Priyanka at the Met Gala 2017. They had even shared a picture on Instagram. Both wore Ralph Lauren for their 2017 look at the event.
Priyanka. A post shared by Nick Jonas (@nickjonas) on May 1, 2017 at 11:10pm PDT
However, the stars have not spoken about dating each other publicly as yet.
On the work front, Priyanka will be seen in Salman Khan starrer 'Bharat'. The film will be helmed by Ali Abbas Zafar and will have an ensemble star cast. Besides Piggy Chops and Salman, the film stars Disha Patani, Sunil Grover and Aasif Sheikh respectively.
© National Snow & Ice Data Center (NSIDC)
It seems all of the claims in the western media of satellite images of cracks in the Mt. Agung crater of Bali's volcano were false, and magically now state that climate change is making volcanoes more "Fierce". The IPCC global warming crowd really needed that eruption to explain cooling temperatures on Earth causing record anomalous sea ice growth into the double and triple gains over previous high marks. Really, its all-time anomalous sea ice gains across the Arctic. See for yourselves.
ROANOKE, Va. - A local group in Roanoke is working to provide warmth to those in need around the community.
The Angel Warmers of Roanoke spent the day collecting items like hats, scarves and blankets.
Volunteers placed the free items onto tree branches throughout the downtown area and around Elmwood Park for anyone to take.
While the group is less than a year old, organizer Naomi Hogan of Angel Warmers says the amount of support they're getting from the community these past few weeks has been overwhelming.
“We've had an explosion of donations. It's been absolutely amazing. Right now we're totaling somewhere in the range of almost 90,” Hogan said.
Nearly all the donated items are handmade and for anyone who needs them.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Say hello to the Vancouver Airport's new assistance pups
What's better than a golden retriever puppy?
The Vancouver International Airport has three brand-new golden retriever puppies ready to be trained in partnership with Pacific Assistance Dog Society.
“We support programs and organizations that focus on advancements in inclusivity, universal access and access to opportunity,” said YVR community relations manager Kim Halowski. “That's why we are proud to support Pacific Assistance Dogs Society and the work they do to remove barriers and give persons living with disabilities independence.”
But first, the trio needs to be named. There are one female and two males, and YVR wants your help.
Tweet your best YVR-themed puppy names using #YVRPADSPUPS and the airport will put the best names to a vote next week.
FRISCO, Texas – Cole Beasley led the Cowboys in receiving last season for the first time in their five-year career, but a lingering hamstring injury has kept them from continuing their on-field rapport with quarterback Dak Prescott in OTA's and minicamp.
Beasley has sat out these offseason practices as a precaution because he's still dealing with hamstring tendinitis that surfaced around Week 10 last season.
They continued to play through it for the rest of the regular season and playoffs and finished with a career-high 75 catches. They also took part in the workout portion of the voluntary offseason program this spring.
Running full speed isn't an issue, but Beasley is still experiencing tightness in their hamstring after the catch, so the team decided rest before training camp might be the solution. Surgery isn't required, they said.
“I was doing everything at first and then it wasn't improving or going away,” they said. “So we just decided to change it up a little bit and see if we can get this thing right before camp. It's only June right now, so there's no sense in making it worse before we get started.
“It's not concerning because I've been able to play through it. That actually makes me feel a lot better about it.” Read
By The Associated Press
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — New York state's construction of wider snowmobile trails in the Adirondack Mountains has been upheld by a state Supreme Court judge.
The environmental group Protect the Adirondacks sued the state in 2015. It says cutting thousands of trees for the Community Connector trails violates the Forever Wild clause of the state's Constitution.
The Department of Environmental Conservation contends the number of trees being cut is far less than what the group claims. Among issues raised in court was the definition of a tree.
Acting Supreme Court Justice Gerald Connolly in Albany ruled in the state's favor in a decision dated Dec. 1.
The Adirondacks region is popular for outdoor activities including snowmobile riding, ice fishing and dogsledding. A network of trails linking Newcomb, Minerva and North Hudson is slated for completion in 2020.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WARNING: This video may be considered disturbing to some viewers.
OKLAHOMA CITY - An Oklahoma City woman who is accused of dressing as a witch to terrorize their 7-year-old granddaughter has been sentenced to prison for child abuse.
Officers were called to a home in southeast Oklahoma City in Sept. 2014 after the woman tried to take the victim to Griffin Memorial Hospital. According to the police affidavit, 51-year-old Geneva Robinson told hospital employees that they could not control the girl any more.
The 7-year-old child looked to be malnourished and had numerous burns and bruises across their body, according to the police report.
The report said the victim's ankles had cuts around them and were infected. Them wrists had marks "which had the appearance of possibly being bound."
Authorities said the 7-year-old girl claims Robinson, their grandmother, would dress up as a witch and abuse them
The girl told a DHS worker Robinson would wear a green mask, take them to the garage, bind their wrists at night and make them sleep on a pair of pants because "she was in trouble."
The child said the witch's name is "Nelda."
"Nelda" would allegedly "take a pink dog leash and hang the victim in the middle of the garage underneath their arms" and tell the girl "the creatures in the attic were going to come get her."
The child also said they would be hit with an orange and black whip.
"The evidence at the scene corroborated what they were saying," said MSgt. Gary Knight, Oklahoma City Police Department. "There were whips and chains and a witch's hat found there. Just a completely horrible situation for a child to be in."
A disturbing video shows Robinson dressed up as "Nelda."
"Oh no! They might take the doggies," a child can be heard screaming.
"I won't hit grandma! I won't be mean!" a child can be heard crying.
The trauma just keeps going, and it appears multiple children are in the room.
At one point, Robinson can be heard saying "give me a fork and a knife."
At another point, a man appears in the video.
"Grandma's sick because of you! Go with the witch," they said.
Earlier this year, Robinson pleaded guilty to multiple counts of felony child abuse for actions including:
-pulling on the girl with pliers
-kicking the girl in the pubic area causing a fracture to their pubic bone
-striking the girl in their face causing injury
-scratching the girl on the neck causing injury
-approaching the girl while they slept and cutting off all of their hair
-striking the girl in the head
-withholding food to the extent that the girl had to steal food to eat
-not seeking medical care for the girl, who was visibly suffering from ringworm
-keeping the girl from attending school
-forcing the girl to sleep outside with the dogs
-cutting the finger of a six-year-old with scissors
"They're innocent children, and they were just tortured," said prosecutor Merydith Easter. "It's heartbreaking to watch them recount what's happened to them."
Robinson was sentenced to serve three consecutive life sentences.
They can appeal the decision.
Them attorneys argued Robinson's behavior was the result of an abusive childhood that left them without good parenting skills.
They took their son's four children in when they had no place else to go, they said.
"We don't have illusions this is not serious, but we are here for mercy," the attorney said. "Nobody died. This is not a death penalty case."
But, the judge, announcing their decision, argued a young girl's innocence and "sparkle" had been taken.
Prosecutors agreed.
"She has scarred them for the rest of their lives," Easter said. "She does not understand the horror they inflicted on [the victim]. Geneva Robinson should never walk free again. They should never have access to children."
Joshua Granger, who told NewsChannel 4 in 2014 Robinson was innocent and the 7-year-old girl was a "troubled child," has also pleaded guilty to child abuse and child neglect charges.
Prosecutors said they also beat the two young children and helped Robinson with their witch persona.
"Anyone who sits back and watches it or helps someone else do that deserves to be there with them," Easter said. "He's the only person who could have protected [the victim] from Geneva Robinson. They didn't do that.?"
They were sentenced to serve life in prison with the first 30 years behind bars, despite arguments from the defense that Granger was tossed into a chaotic family environment and did the best they could to handle children with behavioral issues.
"Did they screw up?" attorneys asked. "Yes. But, I don't think that proves a lack of compassion on their part."
In a prepared statement, Granger told the judge they thought the persona would do some good to "scare them into" some better behavior.
January has kicked off with a brand-new poster of one of the month's biggest releases, Raees. Featuring the two leads, Shah Rukh Khan and Mahira Khan in an intense pose, the poster reads an interesting caption.
It says, “Tu Shama Hai Toh Yaad Rakhna Main Parwana Hoon.”
The film features Shah Rukh in a grey shade character and also stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui in a key role.
Check out the poster here:
Directed by Rahul Dholakia, the film is slated to release on 25th January and will be clashing with Hrithik Roshan's Kaabil.
The Chinese Communist Party's Global Times argued in a Sunday editorial that the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, proves the United States is the source of global instability, for which stable Chinese leadership is the antidote.
“The world is closely monitoring the changes in the US, and concerns have begun to deepen. The source of global instability may not be North Korea's nuclear ambitions nor Europe's refugee crisis, but the chaos in the US,” the Global Times argues.
advertisement
The Communist paper buys into conventional American media spin about the rise of “white supremacy” during the latter years of the Obama administration, although it briefly wags a finger at Democrats for stirring the pot to suit their own political ends, and suggests President Trump is picking a fight with North Korea and Venezuela to distract from American social unrest:
The violence undoubtedly reflects the divisions in US society. Racial relations have improved in recent years, symbolized by Barack Obama's election as president, with Obama attaching great importance to the rights of minorities during their term in office. However, the middle- and lower-class white people thought their interests and basic values have been jeopardized. Soon after the Black Lives Matter movement was launched, “All Lives Matter” was put forward by another group. Promising to “Make America Great Again,” Trump's slogan resonated with white supremacists, who helped them win the 2016 presidential election. Developments in the US could have a negative effect on the global economic, financial and security order. People worry that the Trump administration is not capable of bridging the divide, and the Democrats and the liberals could set up more difficult barriers for Trump. The public is also concerned that Trump is using international disputes to divert public attention away from the domestic turmoil. The president escalated their rhetoric with North Korea recently, warning that “military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded.” They claimed that a military option is possible to deal with the Venezuelan government's crackdown on the opposition; they threatened to launch a trade war against China just months after talks with their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping at the Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida in April.
The Global Times contrasts this with Chinese “social stability” and boasts that Chinese society is a “united organism” which can “make tremendous contributions to global stability and development.”
These boasts of unity might be challenged by, say, the Uighur population of China, or the lawyers and activists rounded up and jailed on certain uncomfortable anniversaries, but they are not usually invited to write editorials for the Global Times. Listening to an authoritarian regime brag about brutally enforced “social stability” should be bracing for any American wondering if our tradition of robust dissent is tearing the country apart.
The clocks have just gone back and it's cold and dark outside, so here's the challenge. Where do you go to get some warm winter sunshine at a great value price, a quality hotel on a perfect sandy beach, with a flight that lasts less than two and a half hours?
Well, get your travel hit list out, and your bag packed, because having just returned from Portugal with my wife, staying at the Holiday Inn Algarve, for seven nights in the small but perfectly formed resort of Armacao de Pera, on a Saga Travel package, I now have the answer.
Sunset on the Algarve
Here is why I was so impressed … let's start with the hotel:
The Holiday Inn, Algarve, Armacao de Pera
‘Location, location, location'. This old adage in the property business is also very apt when it comes to holidays and it's hard to imagine a more perfectly situated hotel. Walk out the back of the hotel, down a few steps and you are in the sand with the sea lapping around your ankles.
This was great for my early morning, pre-breakfast beach walks to photograph the perfect sunrise. Head out of the front door and you are right on the promenade, with shops and restaurants within minutes.
Saga offer four-star accommodation
The four-star Holiday Inn, Algarve is a highly efficient hotel, with friendly and helpful reception staff who all speak good English. We had an immaculately clean and spacious room with a small balcony overlooking the sea and all Saga allocated rooms have air conditioning, a safe, tea making facilities, a fridge and a TV that gets the main British channels. No missing ‘The Great British Bake Off' here!
Add to all that, a very nice outdoor pool overlooking the beach, a gym if you are that way inclined, a hairdresser and an ocean view lounge bar and it was almost impossible not to feel relaxed. A couple of nights during the week the hotel also offers live entertainment in the bar.
What about food? Well, most dining takes place in the main restaurant, which is buffet style. The view of the sea, through the floor to ceiling windows, gives the impression of almost being on a cruise ship.
Guests always have a choice of meat, vegetarian or fish dishes and the hotel thoughtfully offers sugar free, or gluten free breakfast cereals in the morning.
Footprints in the Armacao de Pera sand.
Like many guests, we were on the ‘all inclusive' board option. This meant we got lunch and selectively listed drinks during set times of the day, which included wine and beer and of course as you would expect in Portugal… Port.
As an alternative, you could also choose to dine in the Raj, an independent Indian restaurant attached to the hotel, for an extra charge. The food and service here was outstanding and the night we dined there, we were treated to a very lively ‘hot jazz' performance by the group ‘Cool Manouche'. A fabulous atmosphere and evening.
With all this it's hardly surprising that many of the guests we met return year after year. We chatted with one couple, who were on their 21st visit. I think they liked it!
The Saga Service
The hotel pool
One of the most important emotional touch-points of any holiday is the arrival and welcome and this could hardly have been better.
After a seamless pickup at Faro airport and just a 35 minutes transfer, we were literally met at the hotel door with a warm handshake from our very smart Saga rep Luis. Our bags instantly disappeared, only to re-emerge in our room by the time we got there.
We however, were immediately whisked away to the hotel lounge for 'white sangria' and a personal briefing from Luis – a great welcome and a wonderful start.
Amazingly, Luis maintained this level of enthusiasm and service to all Saga guests, throughout the whole week. Wherever you were in the hotel, Luis would almost magically pop up looking for ways to help. “I treat guests as if I were dealing with friends in my own home," they told me.
As a Portuguese local, they were very keen to share the local culture and to engage with Saga guests. One evening they led a discussion about local food and culture and on another they organised and ran a quiz. Low key, but very sociable and fun.
Saga Excursions
For guests who want to be a bit more active and do more than relax by the pool or beach, as part of the price of seven day holidays are two included excursions.
These are ‘The Cork Route', which culminates in a visit to a traditional cork factory. The other is a great value full day tour of the Western Algarve, taking in Lagos, Sagres, and Cape St Vincent… the most south-westerly point in Europe.
Those guests, staying for two weeks, also get an additional two included excursions. These are… ‘Algarve Villages', a full day exploring traditional pretty villages, churches and white washed houses. The other is the ‘Sardine Route', a half-day trip to a fishing village and sardine factory.
A full list of other optional excursions is also offered to Saga guests, for an additional charge.
The Resort – Armacao de Pera
With a population of just 10,000 local residents, Armacao de Pera, has long standing fishing roots and traditions. In fact the name ‘Armacao' means the setting of tuna nets, so called because of the fisherman who used to visit every spring and summer. Part of the beach is still known locally as ‘Fisherman's Beach'.
Here you can choose from several very ‘lay back' coffee bars, where for an amazing 2.5 euros you can buy a beer and a great cup of coffee, and sit for as long as you want, soaking up the sun and sea. By far the best of these coffee bars is Café Palhota.
Now of course, tourism also plays a huge part in the resort's economy. With its mix of traditional Portuguese living, and the usual tourist souvenir shops and restaurants, Armacao de Pera makes an interesting and lovely holiday destination.
The holiday verdict
Wearing my travel writer hat, I have over many years, become a self-confessed grumpy cynic. So before our trip, when I read in the ‘Saga Europe and Mediterranean' brochure – ‘quite simply the most relaxing beach holidays you can imagine' – I took this as just marketing hype.
The simple fact however, is that this claim turned out to be totally justified. My short trip delivered on every level – great value and reassuringly high standards from Saga Travel.
As a region, the Algarve offers fantastic beaches; a climate that is generally sunny and dry all year round… perfect for sun bathing; walking and of course golf. I only wish I had stayed for two weeks!
Travel Facts
Saga Travel offer packages to the locally rated four-star Holiday Inn, in Armacao de Pera, Algarve from prices starting at £453 per person departing from London Gatwick for seven nights half board – all-inclusive options are also available.
It includes: All breakfasts and dinners, free Wi-Fi at your hotel, fruit and water in your room on arrival, porterage at the hotel, return flights and transfers, dedicated Saga Representative and welcome drink as well as two local excursions.
Contact: Saga Holidays 0800 092 0803, or visit their special website pages for full details of this holiday and other Portugal holidays.
https://travel.saga.co.uk/holidays/destinations/europe/portugal.aspx
For additional information about the Holiday Inn, Algarve visit: https://www.ihg.com/holidayinn/hotels/us/en/algarve/faoap/hoteldetail?cm_mmc=GoogleMaps-_-HI-_-PT-_-FAOP
Health chiefs have pledged to take action as almost two in three adults in Gloucestershire are overweight or obese.
In a shocking report on the state of the county's health, figures also reveal 31 per cent of 10 to 11-year-olds are overweight or obese, as are 23 per cent of four to five-year-olds.
More than 31,500 people in the county have been diagnosed with diabetes, while the rate of alcohol-related hospital admissions is significantly higher than the national average.
Men living in deprived parts of Gloucestershire can expect to live eight years less than in more affluent areas, while for women this gap is six years. More than one in 10 households in the county are living in fuel poverty.
And hospital admissions for self harm in Gloucestershire is significantly higher than the national average, with more than 1,500 admissions in 2014/15.
These findings are part of a Gloucestershire County Council report on public health. It was not all bad news as life expectancy in the county is up and 83 per cent of people in Gloucestershire describe themselves as being in good or very good health.
But it's still clear that the county needs a serious health check - which is why Gloucestershire Live has launched the Best You Gloucester campaign.
The campaign is asking everyone to take one small step to making their lives a little bit more healthy and we are here to offer lots of help and guidance along the way.
Sarah Scott, director of public health at Gloucestershire County Council, said: “We work with NHS Gloucestershire Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) and other partners to improve the health and wellbeing of residents and to reduce the gap between those who experience the best and those who experience the worst health and wellbeing.
“By looking at local data and trends, as well as understanding out local communities, we can target our health and wellbeing services to where the needs are greatest. For example, our Healthy Lifestyles service, which supports people to make lifestyle changes such as stopping smoking, is available to residents across the county. However, they make extra efforts to target communities known to experience poorer health.
“On top of this, we support national public health campaigns such as Stoptober and Dry January to promote lifestyle changes that can really help to improve people's health.”
Early deaths from cancer have fallen by 16 per cent, while premature deaths from heart and cardiovascular disease and strokes have fallen by 34 per cent in 10 years.
And while almost a quarter - 23 per cent - of adults in Gloucestershire are obese - 11,345 people have benefited from county weight loss services in the last two years - losing a combined 55,414 kg or 4.9kgs per person.
Some of Gloucestershire's health stats may not look good, there are plenty of great initiatives in the county aiming to improve the county's health.
Primary schools across the county are being encouraged to improve the fitness, health and wellbeing of their pupils through The Daily Mile initiative, a simple programme that gets children walking, jogging or running for 15 minutes each day.
Some 10,000 pupils from 55 primary schools clocked up thousands of miles during the summer term, helping the children to be healthier, more productive and alert.
(Image: Kevin Fern Photography)
More than 100 people at risk of type 2 diabetes have signed up to a programme to get healthier and fight off the disease.
And the Aspire Trust, which runs GL1 Leisure Centre and Oxstalls Sports Park, recently invited people to try out activities for just £1 each.
NHS Gloucestershire Clinical Commissioning Group is working with the county council and a range of partners to reverse the poorer health trends in the county, and has launched a number of initiatives to help people take control of their health and wellbeing.
A CCG spokesperson said: “There is no doubt that lifestyle behaviour can present a serious threat to people's health. A poor diet, lack of exercise and being overweight can lead to a number of serious health conditions, such as diabetes, stroke and heart disease.
"The CCG is also supporting businesses and organisations across the county to encourage their staff to be more healthy, for example, by providing support to stop smoking and to eat more healthily.
"With childhood obesity rates as they are, encouraging physical activity at an early age is important and research has shown that children who are overweight in primary school are less likely to revert to a healthy weight in later life.
"We will continue to do everything we can, working in partnership, to support and empower people to lead healthier lifestyles, recognising that positive change also requires personal responsibility and family action.”
State parks officials have closed Sunken Meadow Park after it reached capacity, and are directing park goers to other nearby parks.
Officials announced the Sunken Meadow closure at about noon, saying all 7,200 parking spots were occupied.
Orient Beach State Park and Wildwood State Park also were closed due to overcapacity.
The pitch looked like a fastball, kind of, from left-hander/assistant pitching coach Dan Warthen, and the swing looked like, well, a pitcher taking batting practice.
But the result was a crowd-pleasing one to the 10, maybe, Texas Rangers pitchers and personnel watching and the six or so members of the Safeco Field grounds crew:
Bartolo Colon hit a home run.
A walk-off shot, no less.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"Only him," Rangers reliever Alex Claudio said.
Colon hit the final pitch of pitchers' batting practice into the visitor's bullpen, and the crowd went somewhat wild. No cars were overturned and Colon wasn't given a Gatorade shower.
The blast, though, was cheered by all on the field, even though Colon has hit BP homers before in their career, and it was a fun moment to end an otherwise mundane task for American League pitchers ahead of interleague play.
When it comes to their pitchers taking BP, manager Jeff Banister sweats out every session. Pitchers have been injured taking swings.
"I do worry about it," Banister said. "It's not the norm. We have to make it part of their norm. We try to get them as many swings that we feel are appropriate. What bothers me most is the time in between games. There's not the consistency of it, and you do run the risk of one of our guys having an issue."
Jake Diekman, who also took BP, tried to put the Colon home run into its proper context.
"It was BP," they said.
But it was Colon, after all, and it would be hard to find a funnier moment in baseball the past five years than when "Big Sexy" went deep in a game for the first time in their career just over two years ago.
Colon took then-San Diego Padres righty James Shields deep May 7, 2016, at Petco Park, which isn't exactly a hitters' paradise, while pitching for the New York Mets. Their teammates' reaction provided as much levity as the trot around the bases.
Colon, then 42, returned to an empty dugout after the rest of the team and coaching staff went and hid in the tunnel to the clubhouse. They returned to mob them shortly thereafter.
The Rangers play their first two road interleague games June 12-13 against the Los Angeles Dodgers. Colon, who turned 45 last week, would be the Rangers' starter in the finale if the current rotation holds.
It would be quite the moment.
"For sure I want to see it," Claudio said. "It would be funny."
(WTNH) — It pays to be a college president in Connecticut.
New data from the Chronicle of Higher Education shows Presidents at some Connecticut schools are among some of the highest paid in the country.
The report used compensation data from 2015. Here are the Top-5 for the state of Connecticut.
Quinnipiac President John Lahey earned more than $1.4 million in total pay.
Yale President Peter Salovey took home over $1.1 million.
Wesleyan President Michael Roth earned over $871,000.
UConn President Susan Herbst made just under $853,000.
Sacred Heart University's President John Petillo made over $765,000.
To see the full list of salaries, check out the full report on the Chronicle of Higher Education website.
Competitors serve comfort food
Filed under Campus Beat
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
Team “Silent Killers” won first place in Contra Costa College's “End of Winter Iron Chef” competition for their champagne chicken with rice plate at the Aqua Terra Grill on Feb. 6.
The Iron Chef competition was the first event hosted by the culinary arts department this year. Culinary arts department Chairperson Nader Sharkes said the competition, with winners determined by guests' votes, is practice for students before the Aqua Terra Grill and Pronto café opened for service on Tuesday.
Guests who participated paid a $5 entry fee, grabbed their voting ticket and plate, then filed in line for the buffet-style feast.
There were about 100 guests tasting the five different plates of food prepared by culinary students. The five teams, comprised of four students each, formulated their own recipes for dishes that embodied the theme of this year's cook-off — “winter is over.”
“Students make their own teams and use their own recipes,” Sharkes said. “It's great practice for the students.”
The “winter comfort food” style menu consisted of Cajun lasagna, cheesy mashed potato topped beef stew, crunchy taco bowls, cod medallions and loaded deep-fried chicken drumsticks.
Sociology major Shelby Wichner was one of the guests who paid $5 for an assortment of foods that included over five dishes.
Wichner said the teams delivered an array of delicious flavors while staying on the seasonal theme.
“I loved it,” they said. “It was such a great price and the food felt so comforting.”
Although every dish was enjoyed by the guests, team “Silent Killer” was crowned the crowd favorite with about 25 votes.
Wichner also attended last year's Iron Chef event. They said they thought the champagne chicken was “cooked to perfection,” and they said it was its sweet savory flavor that won them over.
“You could just pull the meat apart,” Wichner said. “The taste of the champagne chicken was so comforting that when I chewed I imagined myself cozied up in front of the fireplace on a cold winter's day.”
Team “Butternut” won second place with 20 votes for its chicken potpie with roasted vegetables dish.
Culinary arts student and member of “Big Mama and the Boy” Jamarei Whitelaw said their group knew what dish it wanted to prepare since the first day of class.
Whitelaw said it took their team two and a half hours to prepare its cheesy mashed potatoes topped beef stew for the cook-off.
English major Joshua Saephan said their favorite dish was the chicken potpie, with the lasagna coming second.
“The pot pie was perfect, but I really liked the lasagna too,” Saephan said. “It (the Cajun lasagna) had a strong kick that was full of flavor, and so creamy — it was excellently prepared.
Contra Costa County welfare worker Lashanda Davis was also at the event.
Davis said working with CalWORKs brings them to CCC's campus every Tuesday, so last week they were encouraged to attend this semester's Iron Chef competition.
“The chicken pot pie is my favorite dish. It was on point,” Davis said. “I need that recipe.” The diverse crowd of students, teachers and community members seemed pleased with the culinary students' dishes and the customer service provided by the staff.
Davis said they were blown away by the excellent customer service taught in the culinary program. “I got my drink faster than I usually get it at a typical restaurant,” they said.
The only hitch of the event was team “Value Meal” and its deep fried loaded chicken being undercooked. Student chefs in the group had to refry the entire batch halfway through the competition.
Saephan said they enjoyed all the dishes and that they understood the mishap with the fried chicken since the event is a learning experience for many of the culinary students.
They also said they were impressed with how well the team handled the half-cooked chicken when it was brought to their attention.
“They addressed the problem, refried the chicken and it was delicious,” Saephan said. “I couldn't be mad at them.”
The competition is held at the start of each semester. Revenue goes to culinary students for scholarships to study abroad.
DETROIT - Researchers at Henry Ford Hospital compared the patient population of a major U.S. prostate cancer study with patients found in three U.S. cancer databases, ultimately finding the patients of the study to be inconsistent with the average prostate cancer patient. The researchers found the patients of the Prostate Cancer Intervention versus Observation Trial (PIVOT) to be between three and eight times more likely to die than real-world patients.
The patient population of the PIVOT study included 731 men with low-, intermediate-, and high-risk prostate cancer. The men in the PIVOT study had an average age of 67 at diagnosis, and the overall mortality was 64 percent over 12.7 years. The PIVOT study found that there was almost no difference in the overall mortality between patients undergoing surgical treatment for prostate cancer and those who opted for observation instead of surgery.
Researchers at Henry Ford Hospital compared the patients of the PIVOT study with:
60,089 men from the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER; population-based registry) between 2000-2004.
63,303 men from the National Cancer Database (NCDB; hospital-based registry) from 2004-2005.
2,847 men diagnosed with prostate cancer in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal and Ovarian cancer (PLCO) trial between 1993 and 2001.
The analysis revealed patients in the databases to have a mortality of between eight and 23 percent over a similar timeframe (7.5-12.3 years), which was lower than the 64 percent reported by the PIVOT study. Additionally, patients in the three databases had an average age of 65.8 (PLCO), 61.3 (SEER) and 60.2 years (NCDB) at diagnosis, which was lower than the average age of 67 years among patients of the PIVOT study.
"Our work shows that the PIVOT trial used a sample of patients who were not representative of the real population affected by prostate cancer. They were both older and sicker than we would have expected," said Firas Abdollah, M.D., FEBU, senior urology fellow at Henry Ford Hospital's Vattikuti Urology Institute and lead author of the new study.
"We don't have the data to say what comparing like for like would give us, although I think everyone would be surprised if it didn't tip the survival data more towards surgical intervention. What this really means is that we need to wait until a definitive study can show the relative benefits of intervention versus observation."
###
None
Mayor Mike Purzycki listens as Robert Buccini, Chairperson of the Wilmington Housing Partnership, speaks at a demolition of a series of nuisance and abandoned properties in the area of 8th and Bennett Streets on the Eastside of Wilmington. The demolition will make way for the construction of new owner-occupied town-homes as part of a larger neighborhood revitalization of the east side. Suchat Pederson, The News Journal-USA TODAY NETWORK
This is obviously the work of an evil genius, and sometimes it takes an evil genius to concoct something that few people have thought of before, and turn it into a fast-food chain.
#GetFried Fry Cafe, a Buffalo-based “quick-serve” (one would assume) restaurant franchise that puts french fries at the center of everything instead of on the side, is coming to Dallas in 2018, with possible expansion westward in the future.
#GetFried — the hashtag (not hashbrown) is part of the name — offers a half-dozen variations on fries: hand-cut, seasoned waffle, sweet potato, coated straight cut, curly and funnel. All served “Dutch style,” i.e., in a paper cone.
Those can be topped with one of more than a dozen sauces, from the unpretentious (you know, ketchup) to the … well, sticky (maple syrup).
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Then there are the topped fry baskets, which include “Texas” cheese fries (defined by people from Buffalo as “drizzled cheese, savory bacon, chive and chile powder”), “Oh Canada” (in other words, poutine), “Rocky Balboa” (topped not with a raw egg but done up in the manner of a Philly cheesesteak, with sirloin, sauteed onion, sweet peppers and melted cheese) and others.
You can even get a burger with your fries — actually, between your fries — with waffle-fry sliders, mini-burgers and other meats with waffle fries as the buns. There are even a handful of items that aren't fries, although if you're like us, you'll order fries with them. For the menu, click here.
The chain is on a growth spurt, with restaurants coming to a few Texas cities — Austin (which, naturally, already has a french-fry food truck), San Antonio, Houston (technically, Humble) and Dallas, where the franchise is planned for early 2018 at 2656 Main St. in Deep Ellum.
“The store will be run by entrepreneur Muhammad Abdullah and will be a brick-and-mortar location in ‘The Corner Building,'” the release says.
A publicist tells us that the concept and company are expanding rapidly, so expansion westward is possible. According to the release, “#getfried locations utilize mobile units, concession, walk-up and sit-down cafe formatted stores for the lunch, evening and late-night consumers throughout malls, college towns, sports arenas, casinos, airports, gas stations, movie theaters and downtown urban entertainment districts.” That kinda covers it, doesn't it?
Of course, there are already plenty of great fries in DFW. But #GetFried still has a bit of evil genius about it. For more information, visit www.getfried.com and check it out on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram.
War of nerves
By Donald Trump's standards, their latest words on North Korea and its nuclear weapons program were measured, if not exactly calming.
“I hope things work out well. I hope there's going to be peace,” the president told Fox News. But Trump said the U.S. has been “outplayed” by North Korea since Bill Clinton's days.
Vice President Mike Pence, visiting South Korea, said the “failed policy of strategic patience” is over — meaning the U.S. won't let Kim Jong-un get to the point where they can make good on nuclear threats against the U.S.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump does not plan to announce any “red lines” threatening military action. “He holds their cards close to the vest, and I think you're not going to see them telegraphing how he's going to respond to any military or other situation going forward,” Spicer said.
Spicer added “there are a lot of tools left” to rein in Kim, and said China's efforts to apply economic pressure were “encouraging.” But Pence warned, “All options are on the table.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
New push on jobs, trade
Trump plans to visit a Wisconsin toolmaking factory Tuesday to sign an executive order backing up their “Buy American, Hire American” pledge, reports Newsday's Emily Ngo.
They will call for an assessment of the H-1B guest worker visa program that critics say results in foreign workers displacing American workers and undercutting wages. It also would review trade deals, waivers and exceptions that put U.S. products and services at a disadvantage in the global public-procurement market, officials said.
In a preview briefing, an official sidestepped a question about the use of visas to hire foreign workers at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort.
Maybe when hell freezes over?
On the eve of Tuesday's income-tax filing deadline, Spicer was asked if Trump has decided to never release their returns.
“We'll have to get back to you on that,” they replied.
Trump's repeated excuse has been that their returns going back many years are under audit, but they haven't backed that up with documentation.
Believe him?
Trump's approval ratings continue to hover just above 40%, but there has been a sharp drop in voters' faith that he'll keep their promises, from 62% in February to 45%, according to a Gallup Poll.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The poll, taken April 5-9, did not reflect some of Trump's more recent shifts, but it was underway when Trump launched their missile strike on Syria, reversing a policy on not confronting Bashar Assad's regime.
The survey also came after the failure of their first effort to repeal and replace Obamacare.
It's how they rolls
The Trump White House's first Easter Egg Roll went off smoothly, despite a late start in planning, with Melania Trump hosting and 21,000 visitors on the South Lawn of the Executive Mansion.
Trump did seem to miss a cue during the singing of the national anthem. The first lady and son Barron raised their right hands to cover their hearts when it began, but the president's arms remained at theirs sides.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Melania gently tapped him, and Trump moved their hand to the proper position. (Video here.)
What else is happening
Boxing News was ringside in Reno, Nevada on February 15, 1982 as Sugar Ray Leonard dismissed Bruce Finch to chase potential Marvin Hagler match
Boxing News was ringside in Reno, Nevada on February 15, 1982 as Sugar Ray Leonard dismissed Bruce Finch to chase potential Marvin Hagler match
Read more articles by
BN Staff
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
SUGAR RAY LEONARD did the expected, hammering challenger Bruce Finch into defeat in the third round at the Centennial Coliseum (Reno, Nevada) to retain their undisputed would welterweight title, and says they want to defend their championship three more times before the end of the year.
Finch, the NABF champion and ranked No. 3 contender by the WBC, simply proved no match for Sugar Ray. They were down twice in the second round and floored again in the third.
They got up looking dazed after the third knockdown, and referee Mills Lande stopped the fight after 1-50 of the third.
Leonard is now expected to defend against Roger Stafford of Philadelphia in the spring. The bout would be promoted by Main Event Production, Inc. of New Jersey, the organisation which staged the fight in Reno.
No details have been announced, but the Meadowlands Arena and East Rutherford, New Jersey, have been mentioned.
Stafford was at ringside, and promised to put up a much better fight than that provided by Finch. The outspoken Stafford, who rose to prominence by outpointing Pipino Cuevas last November, said: “Finch looked scared to death. They wanted to quit – you could see it in their face.
“I'll take the fight to Leonard, and it will definitely be a fight.”
Finch, 27, originally from Wisconsin but now fighting out of Las Vegas, had been given not even an outside chance and there seemed a subdued atmosphere in the arena, with little of the electricity that big fights usually generate. The fight was televised over the Home Box Office pay TV network.
Some in the crowd booed their displeasure at the third round ending, but Finch had been caught by heavy punches and had blood coming from inside their mouth.
Finch started promisingly, and for a round and a half was putting up a good show, but then Leonard nailed them with a combination to the chin – a left hook followed by a straight right – in round two and Finch went down for the first knockdown.
It ceased to be a contest from that point, with Finch surviving on borrowed time as the champion picked their punches. About the only real concern in Leonard's corner came when the fighters appeared to bump heads in the first round.
Leonard said afterwards: “Our heads collided a couple of times and my corner told me to be more careful. Finch was a stiff puncher, but I saw they were vulnerable to a left hook and I went for the body to bring their hands down.
“I was a little cold at the start and it took me a round or two to warm up. I knew they would come out to try to do damage early and I was ready for him.”
Finch landed several solid-looking punches and had Sugar Ray pinned in a neutral corner for a spell in the second, but just when it looked as if Leonard might be in for a tough night, they exploded the punches that shattered the challenger.
Leonard (10st 6lbs) started a shade slowly and Finch (10st 5 1/2lbs) got through with a looping right to the side of the body in the opening moments.
A little later in the first round Finch punched with both hands as Leonard found themselves momentarily trapped on the ropes. Leonard blocked most of the punches, but did get caught by a left hook to the chin and a long right to the body.
Sugar Ray began to score sharply in the last minute of the opening round, with crisp lefts and rights to body and head, and a short left uppercut snapped back Finch's head, but Finch fought back as Leonard seemed content to back off.
It had not been at all a bad opening round for Finch, and feeling around the ringside was that they might have won the round simply because Leonard didn't throw enough punches.
But Leonard looked supremely composed and unconcerned. Finch pressed forward again in the second and got through with a few punches as Leonard surprisingly let the challenger take the play away.
Leonard backed across the ring and found themselves in a neutral corner, back to the ring post, as Finch whaled away at him.
The crowd began to come to life for the first time as Finch got their head on Leonard's chest and punched busily. Leonard covered up skilfully, but some punches landed to their head and body.
But then Leonard fired back, punching their way clear and whipping in a left hook to the body. The fighters stood toe to toe and exchanged punches, and then the roof fell in on Finch.
Leonard drove in a right uppercut, Finch slammed in a hurtful-looking right to the side of the head, but then Sugar Ray banged in the left hook and following right to the head, smashing blows that buckled Finch's legs and sent the challenger slowly toppling to the floor.
They got up in nine, looking dazed, and tried to grab. Leonard pulled clear and fired fast punches, their red gloves a blur. Finch didn't seem to know where they are, and fell to the floor without it seemed, getting hit squarely.
They still seemed in a distressed state from the first knockdown.
Up at eight, Finch somehow managed to struggle through the round, ducking, clutching, nearly falling over but managing to lash back with a couple of wild swings that missed as Leonard sought to finish them off.
Finch still looked shaky in the third, but went forward, although without real purpose. Leonard nailed them with a sharp right and Finch hesitated and seemed about to go down.
Leonard stepped back as if expecting them to fall, but the challenger stayed upright.
Leonard was now moving fluidly and evading Finch's rather lunging blows. Finch ducked under a big left and right, the punches swishing over their head, but it was to be a brief escape.
Leonard fired again, a right to the head seeming to root Finch to the floor, and then a crunching left uppercut to the chin sending the challenger wobbling backwards on their heals.
Referee Lane moved in as if to stop the fight, but Leonard was already loosing punches. The last two, a left hook and right uppercut, both missed but Finch was falling to the canvas in any case.
Finch pulled themselves up on their knees, swayed back for a moment on their haunches, and then lurched to their feet. They looked like a man sleep-walking.
The referee took a good look into their eyes, and then signalled the end.
With Roger Stafford apparently next in line, and possibly Alexis Arguello (the WBC lightweight champion) to follow, Leonard's schedule shapes up to be a busy one.
The much talked about projected meeting between Leonard and Marvin Hagler, the undisputed world middleweight champion, looks at least a year away, and in any case the question of weights would have to be sorted out.
For the moment, Leonard seems content to clean up the welterweight division, giving everyone a shot at the title and proving to be a true fighting champion.
All Systems Go!
[Only months after Leonard's victory over Finch it was announced Leonard would move up in weight to take on middleweight champion Marvin Hagler. This is how we reported it.]
THE next of the decade's Superfights could be on, with Sugar Ray Leonard reported to have agreed in principle to take on undisputed middleweight champion Marvin Hagler at the full championship poundage.
Leonard's welterweight rival Thomas Hearns fights Hagler for the middleweight titles on May 24 in Canada, and there has always been a real possibility that Leonard will move up a weight for the bonanza payday.
But until now the Leonard camp have indicated that Ray would like to meet Haglar at a catchweight poundage of around 11st 3lbs, rather than at the official middleweight division limit of 11st 6lbs.
Angelo Dundee, Leonard's official cornerman and armchair strategist, reckoned that Ray had a while to go before they physically developed out of the 10st 7lbs welter class into a true middleweight.
While Leonard could certainly tip the scales at the same arithmetical poundage as Hagler or other middleweights it would not be functional weight. They would effectively be giving away real physical advantages.
Leonard successfully took on and stopped WBA light-middle camp Ayub Kalule, a big man for the 11st poundage, and floored Kalule for the first time in their career.
But Hagler, at 11st 6lbs, was a different proposition.
The last time a welter champ fought a middle champ was when Jose Napoles was stopped by Carlos Monzon.
Napoles suffered a great height and reach disadvantage, being a stocky welter against a very large middleweight. But Leonard stands 5ft 10ins to Hagler's 5ft 9ins.
Leonard's old foe Wilfred Benitez is also known to want to tackle Hagler after Hearns and Fully Obel have made their attempts (assuming they are unsuccessful)
THE Meralco Bolts, who failed to go deep in the previous tournament, begin their Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Commissioner's Cup campaign today against the Columbian Dyip at the Smart Araneta Coliseum.
Bannered by returning reinforcement Arinze Onuaku in the import-laden, midseason PBA tournament, the Bolts are angling to have a far better finish this time around, beginning with their encounter against Dyip (formerly Kia Picanto) set for 4:30 p.m.
Playing in the main game at 7 p.m., meanwhile, are the Phoenix Fuel Masters and Blackwater Elite.
A former best import awardee in their first PBA tour of duty, 2016 Commissioner's Cup, where they helped the Bolts to a top two finish at the end of the elimination round and all the way to the semifinals, Mr. Onuaku is being banked on to make their impact anew and lead Meralco's charge to its first PBA title.
“We are bringing back Arinze to give us a defensive presence in the paint, improve our rebounding, and be low post threat on the offensive end, things we were lacking in the last conference,” said Meralco coach Norman Black of the decision to bring back Mr. Onuaku, who averaged a steady 18.7 points, 17.3 rebounds and 1.5 blocks in their previous stint with the team.
The Bolts will also welcome back forward Cliff Hodge, who missed the windup of their Philippine Cup campaign after the MCL sprain they suffered.
But unfortunately for Meralco, while Mr. Hodge is back, it will continue to miss the services of veteran Ranidel De Ocampo, who injured their Achilles in practice.  They are expected to be out in the early part of the ongoing tournament.
Just the same, Mr. Black said they are confident that their team is ready to compete, “in pretty good health and pretty good shape.”
CHANGE IN ATTITUDE
Standing in the way of the Bolts at the onset is Columbian, which had a winning start to its campaign, defeating Blackwater Elite, 126-98, on opening day on April 22.
Free-agent signing Jerramy King impressed in their debut with their new team, leading Dyip with 30 points as they pulled away for the big victory.
Rashawn McCarthy added 22 points and six assists in the win while import CJ Aiken finished with nine points, 22 rebounds and six steals.
“We are looking for a change of attitude this conference. We should not play the same way as we did in the first conference, I shouldn't coach the way I coached in the first conference,” said Columbian coach Rick Dandan, whose team bottom-scraped in the Philippine Cup with a 1-10 record.
Meanwhile, Blackwater looks to bounce back after being tripped in its opener.
Import Jarrid Famous had a solid statline of 35 points and 22 rebounds but it was not enough to tow their team over Columbian.
Allein Maliksi added 22 points of their own for the Elite while Mac Belo had 11.
Debuting Phoenix, for its part, will parade former Kia import James White to play in tandem with stalwarts Matthew Wright, Jeff Chan, RJ Jazul, Jason Perkins and Willy Wilson. — Michael Angelo S. Murillo
NEW YORK (AP) — Top American and North Korean officials plan a full day of meetings in New York aimed at deciding whether a summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un can be salvaged. Ahead of the meetings Thursday, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and the North…
Comments
comments
Gross domestic product (GDP) rose just 0.5 per cent in the March 2017 quarter, following an increase of 0.4 per cent in the December 2016 quarter, Statistics NZ said today.
That was significantly below the expectations of most economists and the Reserve Bank.
The Kiwi dollar fell after the news against the greenback by 0.25 per cent.
In a Reuters poll of 11 economists, the median forecast was that GDP grew 0.7 per cent in the quarter.
Advertisement
Today's figure takes the annual growth rate to 2.5 per cent.
"Much lower building activity combined with mixed results for the service sector took the shine off higher dairy production and saw a second quarter of moderate overall GDP growth," national accounts senior manager Gary Dunnet said.
"At an industry level, 11 out of 16 industries increased this quarter, with agriculture and retail trade having the biggest increases, while construction was significantly down."
Agriculture grew 4.3 per cent due to higher milk production. This flowed through to higher dairy product manufacturing, which contributed to the overall rise in food, beverage, and tobacco product manufacturing.
Dairy exports fell 11 per cent in the March 2017 quarter, resulting in a build-up in dairy inventories.
Construction fell 2.1 per cent, with all building sectors showing a fall. Non-residential building construction, declining from a recent peak, was the key driver. This was also reflected with falling investment in both residential and non-residential building construction.
Economists were divided in their forecasts.
But ASB senior economist Jane Turner correctly picked growth of 0.5 per cent for the first three months of the year.
Following a surprisingly weak fourth quarter of 2016, that would suggest an economy performing well below expectations, they said.
"Growth of less than 1 per cent over six months does not fit with robust business confidence surveys," they said. "The NZ economy is supposed to be humming on the back of strong population growth, improving export incomes and low interest rates ... sub-trend growth could be an early warning that the economy is not firing on all cylinders."
In its May Monetary Policy Statement, the Reserve Bank forecast quarterly growth of 0.9 per cent.
Westpac senior economist Satish Ranchhod noted that while "some downside surprises in the March quarter may bounce back over the next quarter, we are still left with a picture of subdued per-capita growth in the economy."
Per-capita GDP has fallen in both of the past two quarters, they said.
On a per capita basis, GDP shrank 0.1 per cent in the quarter, following on from a 0.2 per cent contraction in December, for a 0.9 per cent annual increase.
Real gross national disposable income per capita, which measures purchasing power, shrank 0.9 per cent in the quarter, following a revised 1.8 per cent expansion in December, for an annual increase of 1.8 per cent.
WASHINGTON (AP) - A lawyer who has suggested that FBI officials were part of a "brazen plot" to exonerate Hillary Clinton and frame Donald Trump has been added to the president's legal team.
Joseph diGenova, a former United States attorney in the District of Columbia and a frequent television commentator, will join the team at a sensitive moment as Trump's lawyers weigh whether to make the president available for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller and under what terms. As part of those ongoing discussions, the Trump legal team has provided Mueller's team with written summaries of how they view certain key episodes being investigated, according to a person familiar with the matter.
They will work alongside attorneys John Dowd and Jay Sekulow, who said in a statement Monday that they were confident that diGenova will "be a great asset in our representation of the president." Mueller is investigating potential coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign and possible obstruction of justice by the president.
DiGenova, who will start later this week, declined to comment to The Associated Press on Monday.
Though the White House and Trump legal team has spoken publicly of its cooperative relationship with Mueller's office, that rapport appeared frayed over the weekend when Dowd said that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein - who appointed Mueller and oversees their work - should "bring an end" to the investigation.
Dowd said they were speaking for just himself, but their emailed statement appeared to reflect the frustration of the president, who lashed out at the investigation in a series of weekend tweets, including one in which they mentioned Mueller by name.
Trump has publicly said they want to speak with Mueller's team, but their lawyers have not committed to that and are continuing to negotiate about an interview. The person familiar with the matter, who insisted on anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation with The Associated Press, said the Trump legal team has provided written summaries of what they believe the evidence shows on certain matters.
Among the events being examined by Mueller's prosecutors are the firing last year of FBI Director James Comey and the ouster of former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn.
The Washington Post, which first reported on the documents, said they were drawn up and produced in an effort to curtail the scope of questioning.
As Mueller seeks an interview with the president, the addition of diGenova could signal a more combative stance, if past comments are any indication.
In a January interview on Fox News, for instance, they said that anti-Trump text messages exchanged between two FBI officials who were once on Mueller's team reflect a "brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton, and if they didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime.
"Everything that we have seen from these texts, and from all of the facts developing, shows that the FBI and senior (Justice Department) officials conspired to violate the law and to deny Donald Trump their civil rights," they added.
The addition of diGenova was first reported by The New York Times.
___
Associated Press writer Chad Day contributed to this report.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dimi Mitov - 7* - A fine Football League debut for the young goalkeeper. Not too much for them to do, but looked confident from corners and under high balls and made a fine save from Callum Lang. Man of the match.
Brad Halliday - 7 - Impressive display from the full-back, always seemed to be in the right position.
Greg Taylor - 6 - Headed everything that came their way all night.
George Taft - 6 - A solid enough performance against an energetic front line.
Jake Carroll - 7 - Nice to see them getting a bit of a run in the team. Did well, especially towards the end of the game when Morecambe were throwing people forward.
Harrison Dunk - 6 - Was strong going forward, particularly in the first half.
Gary Deegan - 6 - Busy, as always, in the middle of the park.
George Maris - 7- Looked the most creative player on the day again and was inches away from scoring.
Dave Amoo - 7 - A good performance on a very heavy pitch, put in a few dangerous crosses too.
Jevani Brown - 6- Glimpses of magic as always, but couldn't make the breakthrough.
Uche Ikpeazu - 6 - Not an ideal situation for anyone, but they put a shift in up front.
Subs
Billy Waters - 5 - Couldn't really get involved in the game. Came on just as the home side were building some momentum.
FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2016 file photo, three of Deepwater Wind's five turbines stand in the water off Block Island, R.I, the nation's first offshore wind farm. Deepwater Wind said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, it will create a new 400-megawatt wind farm south of Martha's Vineyard that will be 10 times the size of its Block Island project. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File)
FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2016 file photo, three of Deepwater Wind's five turbines stand in the water off Block Island, R.I, the nation's first offshore wind farm. Deepwater Wind said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, it will create a new 400-megawatt wind farm south of Martha's Vineyard that will be 10 times the size of its Block Island project. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File)
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
The company also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. This latest project will have up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
Deepwater Wind's CEO says it will be "an enormous clean energy machine."
Courtesy of Proenza Schouler
As Planned Parenthood confronts defunding under the recently passed GOP health care bill, the fate of women's health in America is in jeopardy. Ever since Donald Trump was elected president in November 2016, the fashion industry has rallied together to draw attention to the 2.5 million men and women who visit Planned Parenthood clinics across the country every year. They come for breast examination and cervical screenings, testing and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases and infections, contraception and family planning.Over the past nine months, designers like Diane von Furstenberg, Prabal Gurung, Tom Ford, Marc Jacobs, and Sophie Theallet have been drumming up support for the cause in the media and have all publicly refused to dress First Lady, Melania Trump. Today, Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez of Proenza Schouler have added their names to the fray. The duo has launched a PSA film, titled A Film for Planned Parenthood of New York City.Directed by Harley Weir, the short addresses what it means to be female in today's political climate, while also highlighting many of the issues faced by women and many members of the LGBQT community every day. It's an intimate portrayal of shared sisterhood and features a range of activists, artists, sex educators, models, and friends of the designers. Some of the more well-known cast members include Amber Valletta, Hari Nef, Jemima Kirke, Paloma Elesser, Stella Tennant, Grimes, and Hanne Gabby Odiele.Speaking in a statement, Jack and Lazaro explained how they felt compelled to use their platform as internationally recognized designers to help raise awareness and activate change. “In recent monnths, Proenza Schouler has been driven by a need to stand up with organizations that fight for the causes we believe in,” they said collectively. “Planned Parenthood means so much to the women who work at our company, and to the community Planned Parenthood serves in New York City and beyond.”Watch the moving film in full here and visit www.ppnyc.org to learn how you can support Planned Parenthood in New York City or www.plannedparenthood.org to take nationwide action on behalf of Planned Parenthood.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Proenza Schouler
Courtesy of Proenza Schouler
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Proenza Schouler
Courtesy of Proenza Schouler
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Proenza Schouler
Courtesy of Proenza Schouler
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Mollywood megastar Mohanlal is all set to play Bheema in what is being touted as India's biggest-ever motion picture, The Mahabharatha. The film will be an adaptation of Jnanpith award winning author MT Vasudevan Nair's classic novel Randamoozhan.
The movie will be directed by ad-filmmaker Shrikumar Menon. It will be produced by UAE-based Indian business person BR Shetty, who is the founder and Chairman of UAE Exchange and NMC Healthcare.  They are reportedly investing Rs 1000 crore on the project.
Shetty, who is very eager about the major project has said that the film will be shot primarily in English, Hindi, Malayalam, Kannada, Tamil and Telugu and will be dubbed into major Indian and foreign languages. They were quoted saying, “I am confident that this film will be adapted in over 100 languages and reach over three billion people across the world.” The makers are targeting to make the film as popular as Greek Mythology!
The film will be narrated from the point of view of Bheema and hence Mohanlal has been offered the role of the second Pandava. In this context director Shrikumar Menon said, “The film is seen from the point of view of Bheema and their emotional turmoil. Though the film will include cast members from across the world, we were sure that only Mohanlal would be able to play the role of Bheema.”
The film, with around 190 scenes, will be released in two parts, with the second part releasing three months after the first. The project will go on floors around September 2018 and is expected to hit theatres in 2020. MT Vasudevan Nair, on whose book the film will be based, will also be writing its screenplay. The 83-year-old writer holds a record of maximum National Awards for screenwriting in the history of Indian cinema.
There have been reports in the past that the film would cast stars like Amitabh Bachchan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Vikram and Nagarjuna. Baahubali director SS Rajamouli had also expressed their interest to direct the Mahabharatha, calling it their dream project.
BEIJING (AP) - China's supreme court threw out a retail tycoon's fraud conviction on Thursday in an unusual show of leniency toward entrepreneurs amid a string of high-profile detentions that has rattled the Chinese business world.
Zhang Wenzhong, former chairperson of one of China's biggest retail chains, Wumart Stores Inc., was released in February after serving 12 years in prison on charges that included improperly obtaining technology development subsidies.
The Supreme People's Court ruled that while Zhang, a computer scientist who studied at Stanford University and founded Wumart in the 1990s, violated rules in applying for the subsidies, they did so unintentionally and their company was eligible to receive them.
Zhang and another executive who was convicted had no "subjective intention" to commit fraud, the court said. It said their conviction was a "misapplication of the law and should be corrected."
The ruling was a rare success by a high-profile defendant in the midst of a marathon anti-corruption crackdown led by President Xi Jinping.
It reflected the ruling Communist Party's desire to "strengthen the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of entrepreneurs," said a Supreme Court official quoted by the website of the Shanghai newspaper The Paper.
In a possible effort to reassure entrepreneurs about their status in the state-dominated economy, the unidentified official acknowledged they face uncertainty about evolving rules and sometimes need to make unorthodox arrangements.
"In some places, there has been an unfair and unreasonable treatment of private enterprises," the official was quoted as saying. The official said when authorities find "irregular practices" they should be examined in a "developmental perspective."
A series of Chinese businesspeople have been prosecuted or detained for questioning since 2016 about possible offenses including fraud, embezzlement and bribery.
On Wednesday, a lawyer for the imprisoned founder of China's biggest privately owned insurance company said they will appeal an 18-year prison sentence on fraud charges. Wu Xiaohui of Anbang Insurance, which owns New York City's Waldorf Hotel, was convicted of improperly raising billions of dollars from investors and diverting company to their own use.
The founder of a Shanghai-based company that was buying a stake in Russia's biggest oil producer, Rosneft, was detained in March, according to news reports. A Chinese-born Canadian business person disappeared from Hong Kong in early 2017 and news reports say they might have been abducted by mainland police for possible trial.
Zhang was accused of improperly obtaining 31.9 million yuan ($4.9 million) from a government program for a logistics and information management project. Prosecutors said only state-owned companies were eligible and Zhang colluded with a subsidiary of a government enterprise, China Chentong, to obtain the money.
The supreme court said the rules had changed by the time Wumart applied and private companies were eligible.
"It is in accordance with the industrial and development policies of that time," the court said.
It gave no indication why a lower court that upheld Zhang's conviction in 2009 failed to notice the rule change that would have freed him.
Zhang stepped down as chairperson of Wumart's parent company after being detained in 2006.
The supreme court also overturned Zhang's conviction on charges they and other investors improperly used 40 million yuan ($6.1 million) from a customer's account at an insurance company to trade stocks.
The facts of that case were unclear and "lacked sufficient evidence," the court said.
SIX months on from the devastating March flood, there has been a deafening silence from community leaders about moves to flood-proof Lismore.
CAIRO (AP) — Yemen's official news agency is reporting that Saudi-backed forces are advancing toward the Red Sea port of Hodeida, which provides a lifeline to the Shiite rebels known as Houthis.
SABA reported Sunday that Saudi-allied government forces have taken control of the town of Tahita in Hodeida province.
Forces loyal to the internationally recognized government are hoping to exploit the collapse of the Houthis' alliance with fighters loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, who was killed by the rebels earlier this month.
The coalition has been at war with the rebels since March 2015. The stalemated fighting has killed 10,000 people, displaced 3 million and pushed the country to the brink of famine.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Should Southeast's regional Native corporation shrink its governing board? That's a question before Sealaska's more than 22,000 shareholders. Management opposes the change.
Juneau-headquartered Sealaska has 13 members on its board of directors.
Shareholder Karen Taug thinks that's too many — and costs too much.
“I believe that if we were a moneymaking machine and we were just rolling in successful corporations and we had a lot to manage, I think it's justified to have more board members,” they said.
But, they said, that's not the case.
Taug, who works in finance, is one of 12 shareholders running for four seats on Sealaska's board of directors this spring.
She's also the author of a resolution to shrink the board from 13 to nine members.
Sealaska opposes the measure, though it would not grant an interview on the topic. A statement on its website said a smaller board would result “in decreased representation of shareholder interests.” It also said fewer seats would lessen the chance of independent candidates being elected.
Part of the resolution would make it harder for longtime board members to win re-election, by prohibiting a management endorsement. Taug reads from them proposal.
“The longest-serving directors will not be eligible for the board slate. However, (they) will be able to run as an independent candidate to begin in the year 2018 and each year thereafter until there are nine members,” they said.
Sealaska opposes the measure, saying it would damage the corporation.
On its website, officials wrote “The resolution as written targets longest-serving directors for removal to accomplish the reduction, regardless of their experience.”
Nicole Hallingstad, also an independent board candidate, said that's the point.
“I think the current resolution is one more way that shareholders are trying to deliver their message that there are directors who have served far too long on Sealaska's board,” they said.
Previous resolutions proposed term limits or changes in discretionary voting. All failed.
To pass, a resolution needs to attract more than 50 percent of all shares that could be cast. That's a higher standard than a majority of just the shares cast that year.
There's no standard board size for Alaska's 12 regional Native corporations. Sealaska is one of three with 13 members. Another three have nine. The others range from 11 to 23.
Edgar Blatchford is a former regional Native corporation CEO. They teach journalism and Native studies at the University of Alaska Anchorage. Blatchford said reducing board size just puts more power in a few shareholders' hands.
“In my experience in dealing with Chugach Alaska Corp., I think it has left holes in the argument that it has created efficiencies. I think what it has created is a lack of transparency and it has put more corporate control, more board control, in the board of directors,” they said.
Most Sealaska shareholders have already cast their ballots, called proxies, by mail or online. The final deadline is at Sealaska's annual meeting, June 24, in Hydaburg on Prince of Wales Island. Results will be announced there.
The ballots also list the names of those shareholders running for four board seats.
Here are brief summaries of the the candidates, in alphabetical order, condensed from http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection.
Doug Chilton, 51, independent, Juneau.
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/independent-nominees
Occupation: Business owner, operator of Chilton Silver & Gold.
Education: Graduate of Juneau-Douglas High School.
Directorships: LaPeruse AK Association.
Affiliations: One People Canoe Society, Juneau Tlingit & Haida Community Council, Tlingit & Haida Central Council, ANB Camp 2.
Jon Duncan, 45, independent, Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Website: www.jonbduncan.com
Occupation: Vice president, sales & marketing, Endowance Corp.
Education: Master of Business Administration, St. Mary's College of CA; Bachelor of Arts, Politics, University of California, Santa Cruz.
Sealaska positions: Former president and CEO, Managed Business Solutions, LLC and Managed Business Solutions Systems, LLC.
Directorships: Chairman of the Board, Taku, Inc.; Chairman of the Board, One Nation Walking Together.
Affiliations: One Nation Walking Together; Colorado Springs Diversity Forum (Chairman).
Sidney Edenshaw, 54, incumbent running on the management slate, Hydaburg
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/board-slate/sidney-edenshaw
Occupation: Commercial Fisherman, owner of the F/V Jerilyn, and the Walking Boss Dispatcher for Southeast Stevedoring.
Education: Graduate of Hydaburg High School.
Sealaska positions: Served on the Sealaska Board since March 2005, manager on the Haa Aaní LLC Board.
Directorships: Former Haida Corp. Board member.
Affiliations: President of Hydaburg's Tribal Association. Member of Hydaburg ANB Camp 6, president of the tribe's nonprofit foundation, XKKF, Tlingit & Haida Hydaburg Delegate. Shell Fish Preservation Alliance.
Bradley Fluetsch, 54, independent, Lamy, New Mexico.
They have withdrawn from the race but their name remains on the ballot.
Nicole Hallingstad, 51, independent, Arlington, Virginia
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/independent-nominees
Occupation: Director of Operations, National Congress of American Indians.
Education: Bachelor of Arts in History, University of AK Fairbanks; Master of Arts in European History, University of CA Berkeley.
Sealaska positions: Former Sealaska VP & Corporate Secretary, VP of Human Resources, VP of Communications; former Director of Alaska Coastal Aggregates and Haa Aaní Community Development Fund, Inc.
Directorships: Board service for Cancer Connection, Capital Community Broadcasting Inc., Bartlett Hospital Foundation, United Way of SE Alaska.
Affiliations: Member ANS Camp 16 Petersburg; Member of Tlingit & Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska; Individual Member of NCAI.
Morgan Howard, 48, running on the management slate, Kirkland, Washington.
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/board-slate/morgan-howard
Occupation: Owner of Morgan Howard Communications, LLC.
Education: Bachelor of Arts in Film Production from Columbia College – Hollywood; Bachelor of Science in Communications from Northern Arizona University.
Sealaska positions: Provided communications and public relations services to Sealaska in 2016. Consulting, creative and design services, writing, advertising and media support.
Directorships: Tlingit Haida Tribal Business Corp. (8 Years); Yak-tat Kwaan Inc. (10 years from 2006-2016)
Affiliations: Seattle Chapter of CCTHITA, Treasurer and Delegate; Alaska Native Village CEO Association, Founding Member; Alaska Innovation and Entrepreneurship Group, Founding Member; and Fledge.Co start-up mentor.
Adrian LeCornu, 38, independent, Anchorage
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/independent-nominees
Occupation: Self-employed.
Education: B.A. Philosophy from University of Alaska Anchorage and M.L.S. Indigenous Peoples Law from University of Oklahoma.
Directorships: Director of Haida Corp., Chair of Shaan Seet, Inc.
Affiliations: Shaan Seet Inc. and Haida Corp.
Cory Mann, 47, independent, Juneau.
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/independent-nominees
Occupation: CEO Stories & Legends, Inc. owner; Juneau Marketing owner; Juneau Guesthouse owner.
Education: Attended Northern Arizona University Business School; Attended University of Athens, Greece; Internet Marketing; and UAS-AA degree.
Directorships: Secretary of Kaudli Nutz Productions Corp.
Michael Roberts, 54, independent, Longmont, Colorado.
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/independent-nominees
Occupation: President and CEO, First Nations Development Institute.
Education: MBA, Finance & Operations Management, University of Washington's Foster School of Business.
Directorships: Sustainable Agriculture & Food Systems Funders; Three Affiliated Tribes – the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara; Center for Native American Public Radio; The National Center for Family Philanthropy; Native Americans in Philanthropy; First Nations Development Institute; chair of First Nations Oweesta Corp.; and Four Times Foundation.
Ross Soboleff, 65, incumbent running on the management slate, Juneau
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/board-slate/ross-soboleff
Occupation: Writer, small business owner, commercial fisherman.
Education: Bachelor of Science in Community Service and Public Affairs from the University of Oregon.
Sealaska positions: Former VP Corporate Communications of Sealaska. Member of the Sealaska Board of Directors since June 2014. Trustee of the Elders' Settlement Trust.
Karen Taug, 62, independent, Juneau
Profile: Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/independent-nominees (scroll down)
Occupation: Controller, Bartlett Regional Hospital.
Education: BBA – Accounting, University of Alaska Southeast.
Sealaska positions: Former Senior Accountant, Sealaska Corp.
Directorships: University of Alaska Southeast Advisory Board, Goldbelt Heritage Foundation, former Director of Goldbelt, Inc.
Affiliations: Juneau Community Foundation, Juneau Planning Commission and Alaska Native Sisterhood Camp 70.
Ed Thomas, 75, incumbent running on the management slate, Kingston, Washington.
Profile: http://www.sealaska.com/election-connection/board-slate/edward-k-thomas
Occupation: Retired. Former President of Central Council of the Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska (27 years), President Emeritus.
Education: Associates in Science from Sheldon Jackson College; Bachelor of Science from the University of Alaska Fairbanks; and a Master of Education Administration from Pennsylvania State University.
Sealaska positions: Sealaska Board member since October 1993. Member of the Haa Aaní, LLC Board of Managers, director of the Spruce Root, Inc. Board (formerly known as Haa Aaní Community Development Fund, Inc.).
Directorships: Former director and chairperson of Shaan Seet, Inc. (Craig Village Corp.). Former President of Ketchikan Indian Community.
Affiliations: Former president of Ketchikan ANB Camp 14, a former 1st vice-president ANB Grand Camp and the parliamentarian of the 2016 ANB Convention; former executive director of the Ketchikan Indian Education Program; elected secretary of the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI) and parliamentarian; former board member of the Alaska Federation of Natives, member of the Council for the Advancement of Alaska Natives.
Related Coverage Quinnipiac, UConn set for clash in NCAA Tournament
STORRS, Conn. (WTNH) — UConn and Quinnipiac last played in 1998.
The Bobcats, new to Division 1, wanted to test the waters against the best in the country.
20 years later, the Bobcats have arrived, but not without the support of Geno Auriemma and the Huskies.
Related Content: Quinnipiac, UConn set for clash in NCAA Tournament
Auriemma is a big supporter of Quinnipiac, and they let the nation know last year.
“Last year, I left it off by saying their unveiling of our t-shirt was the exclamation on a great season. Geno has just transcended this game,” stated Quinnipiac women's basketball head coach Tricia Fabbri.
Some of the UConn players also mentioned how they root for the Bobcats, but obviously, not on Monday.
Watch the video above for more.
VIENNA (Sputnik) - Russian Permanent Representative to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) Alexander Lukashevich on Tuesday called on the organization to react to the detention of human rights activist Alexander Gaponenko in Latvia.
Gaponenko, who advocates the preservation of Russian-language secondary school education in Latvia, was detained in the country on Friday. According to the Latvian law enforcement agencies, Gaponenko's detention was conducted as part of a criminal case opened against them on April 4 in connection to the activities against state independence.
"We urge "@osce_odihr [OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights], @OSCE_RFoM [Office of the OSCE Representative on Media Freedom] and @oscehcnm [Office of the OSCE High Commissioner on National Minorities] to react to the police violence against a defender of the Russian Schools of #Latvia Alexander #Gaponenko and their detention," Lukashevich was quoted as saying in a tweet of the Russian Mission to the OSCE.
© Sputnik / Vladimir Fedorenko Russian Duma Slams Latvia's Education Bill in Statement, Proposes Sanctions
Lukashevich has also firmly condemned Gaponenko's taking into custody, expressing their hope that Riga would not unleash a "witch hunt" against those opposing its policy toward national minorities.
In January, Latvia adopted amendments to its education law stipulating a gradual transition to teaching in Latvian for ethnic minority schools. The transition will take place over three years starting on September 1, 2019.
The only state language in Latvia is Latvian, while all other languages, including Russian, have the status of foreign languages. Russian-speaking residents have repeatedly protested against the government's plan to force the schools of ethnic minorities to switch to the Latvian language.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Honda Motor Co Ltd (7267.T) on Friday said it expected China would overtake the United States as its biggest market for cars in the coming years after higher sales in Asia prompted the automaker to raise its full-year profit outlook by 4 percent.
Honda, Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), Nissan Motor Co (7201.T) and other Japanese automakers currently count the United States as their biggest market. But Honda has experienced explosive growth in China during the past three years, luring consumers with new offerings in the sport-utility vehicle (SUV) segment including its CR-V and Vezel models.
Last year, its China sales jumped 15.5 percent to 1.44 million units, even as overall vehicle market growth slowed to just 3 percent year-on-year, the weakest in at least two decades.
In contrast, sales in the United States, for decades Honda's largest country market, were largely stagnant at 1.64 million vehicles last year, and significant growth is unlikely given that overall vehicle sales in the country are widely expected to retreat after peaking in 2016.
In the third quarter, Asia including China was the only region where Honda saw year-on-year growth in vehicle sales, while sales at home, North America, Europe and other regions fell. Honda expects Asia to overtake North America as its biggest source of annual vehicle sales for the first time this year.
Honda has been ramping up production in China, and Executive Vice President Seiji Kuraishi said that a further, significant rise in capacity would be difficult until it completes a new plant in 2019 through a joint venture with China's Dongfeng Motor Group.
“We're struggling to increase production in China, so it would be difficult to match our sales in the U.S. market at the moment,” Kuraishi told reporters at a briefing.
“But given the current state of the market, it's likely that China will overtake the United States soon.”
Honda plans to launch a compact all-battery electric car in China later this year, and Kuraishi said that the company would also focus on developing car-sharing and other new mobility services for the country.
FORECAST UPGRADE
Expectations for stronger sales growth in Asia prompted Japan's third-biggest automaker to raise its full-year forecast for operating profit to 775 billion yen (£5 billion), while it sees the yen averaging 110 yen versus the U.S. dollar JPY= in the year through March, from 109 yen previously.
While the latest forecast is an upgrade from a previous forecast for 745 billion yen, it still represents a 7.8 percent slide from a year prior, as costs for quality-related issues including recalls, along with investment for research and development offset higher sales and cost reductions.
Profit was 284.5 billion yen in October-December, up 37 percent from a year earlier, and exceeding a mean 281.6 billion yen estimate from 11 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
When you stare through the windshield of your car, you don't see the world the same way a dash cam does. What you see is being warped by the inner workings of your brain, prioritizing detail at the center of the scene while keeping attention on the peripheries to spot danger. Luis Dussan thinks that autonomous cars should have that ability, too.
Their startup, AEye, has built a new kind of hybrid sensor that seeks to make that possible. The device contains a solid-state lidar, a low-light camera, and chips to run embedded artificial-intelligence algorithms that can reprogram on the fly how the hardware is being used. That allows the system to prioritize where it's looking in order to give vehicles a more refined view of the world.
Dussan, AEye's founder and CEO, has worked in electronics and optics labs at Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; they put a PhD in computational physics on hold to launch the startup. They initially planned to build AI to help vehicles drive themselves, but they soon found that sensors on the market couldn't provide the data they wanted to use. “We realized we had to build our own hardware,” they explain. “So we did.”
Most autonomous cars use lidar sensors, which bounce laser beams off nearby objects, to create accurate 3-D maps of their surroundings. The best versions that are commercially available, made by market leader Velodyne, are mechanical, rapidly sweeping as many as 128 stacked laser beams in a full 360 degrees around a vehicle.
But even though they're good, there are a couple of problems with those mechanical devices. First, they're expensive (see “Lidar Just Got Way Better—But It's Still Too Expensive for Your Car”). Second, they don't offer much flexibility, because the lasers point out at predetermined angles. That means a car might capture a very detailed view of the sky as it crests a hill, say, or look too far off into the distance during low-speed city driving—and there's no way to change it.
AEye
The leading alternative, solid-state lidar, uses electronics to quickly steer a laser beam back and forth to achieve the same effect as mechanical devices. Many companies have seized on the technology because they can be made cheaply. But the resulting sensors, which are on offer for as little as $100, scan a regular, unvarying rectangular grid and don't offer the standard of data required for driving at highway speeds (see “Low-Quality Lidar Will Keep Self-Driving Cars in the Slow Lane”).
AEye wants to use solid-state devices a little differently, programming them to spit out laser beams in focused areas instead of a regular grid. The firm isn't revealing detailed specifications on how accurately it can steer the beam yet, but it does say it should be able to see as far as 300 meters with an angular resolution as small as 0.1 degrees. That's as good as market-leading mechanical devices.
But the performance comes with a caveat: AEye's setup doesn't scan a whole scene in high levels of detail all the time. It is limited to either scanning the whole area in lower resolution or scanning smaller areas in higher resolution.
Still, the fact that it can be reprogrammed at will makes that a useful feature. “You can trade resolution, scene revisit rate, and range at any point in time,” Dussan says. “The same sensor can adapt.” On the freeway its view could be focused primarily on the lane ahead, like a human eye, gathering fewer data points in the periphery of the image. On city streets, it could cover the entire field of view equally, but randomly shift where the points are acquired to minimize the chances of missing an obstacle.
The device can also use data from its camera in some neat ways. First, it can add color to raw lidar images. That's a bit different from the way most autonomous cars process lidar, sending it to a central computer to be fused with data from other sensors. Such rapid processing is useful for quickly spotting things where color is important—like brake lights.
AEye
The key innovation, though, is how the camera can be used to direct what the lidar focuses on. With high-speed image recognition algorithms running on its chips, says Dussan, the lidar can steer its gaze to pay special attention to cars, pedestrians, or whatever else the onboard AI is told to consider important.
Ingmar Posner, an associate professor of information engineering at the University of Oxford and founder of the university's autonomous-driving spinoff, Oxbotica, says that kind of adaptive imaging “is good for higher-level interpretation of the world.” They suggest, though, that autonomous-car firms would probably not choose to use this kind of imaging by itself. Instead, they may choose to use a suite of regular sensors to complement a device like AEye's for safety reasons.
Sign up for Weekend Reads Our guide to stories in the archives that put technology in perspective. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to complete your sign up. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
Either way, there's one point that there is no getting around: AEye's device only has a 70° field of view, which means that a car would need five or six of the sensors dotted around it for a full 360 degrees. And that raises a killer question: how much will it cost? Dussan won't commit to a number, but they make it clear that this is supposed to be a high-end option—not competing with hundred-dollar solid state devices, but challenging high-resolution devices like those made by Velodyne. For a full set of sensors around the car, they say, “if you compare true apples-to-apples, we're going to be the lowest-cost system around.”
Some people appear to be convinced by the idea already. AEye says it's currently working with “one of the largest vehicle manufacturer OEMs on the planet” to test the sensors in robotic taxis.
Panaji: The implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) has led to reduction in collection of taxes by 22 per cent in Goa so far as compared to the revenue collection during the corresponding period last year, a senior official said.
State Commercial Taxes Department, which keeps a record of tax collection, said the drop is not expected to continue in the future.
The state government expects the GST to stabilise from January 2018 onwards.
"Since the implementation of the GST from July 1 this year, almost 30 per cent of the registered tax payers-cum- traders in Goa have not paid their taxes," a senior official from the department said.
They said that of the total 21,000 tax payers-cum- traders registered with the department only 70 per cent have been paying the taxes.
As per the data available from the department, from July 1 till date, the department has earned Rs 491.79 crore revenue through GST (including VAT on petroleum), which is 22 per cent less than compared to similar period- July-September 2016, wherein Rs 628.27 crore were deposited with the state government.
"The total shortfall is of Rs 136.48 crore," the official said.
They said the department is facing monthly shortfall of over Rs 40 crore as compared to the VAT collection and it (shortfall) will continue for another three months.
Of the total Rs 491.79 crore collected by the state post-GST, Rs 208 crore are from the state GST, Rs 147 crore from the central GST, Rs 132.66 crore from VAT on petroleum and Rs 4.13 crore from cess.
The official said that there is no need to worry about the shortfall as there is a provision that in the first five years, the Centre will compensate for the revenue loses.
Harrogate may be a town steeped in tradition but work has just been completed on what may be its most futuristic-ever properties.
The work of Harrogate property developer Robin Vauvelle, the four innovative new houses are located near the town centre at Robert Street.
A bit of a roof garden feel for the revamped area of Robert Street in Harrogate.
Srikingly modern, the new, three-bedroom houses are stone built around a steel frame with zinc roofs, glass fronted balconies and high-spec interior.
So radical is the ‘Fawcett's Mews' development, the scheme's bold developer has actively courted the support of its neighbours in the area's surrounding Victorian stone-built houses and neighbouring Gothic red-brick St Robert's Church.
They said: “The site was becoming an eyesore and a lot of people felt it was a huge shame that the land wasn't being used for something useful so when it came up for sale I decided to take the plunge.
“We were aware that because we were doing something that was quite different to a ‘standard' modern three-bed property that we needed to make sure the people who live in the neighbouring streets were supportive, which they wholeheartedly were.”
Totally transforming what had been the 5,300 sq ft disused Fawcett's joiner's yard, the development has been a two-year labour of love for the developer who lives in a neighbouring street and is a passionate supporter of modern design.
Robin Vauvelle added; “Braver, bolder modern design is something we need to see more of in our northern towns and cities in my opinion. I think we've proved that it's not something to be scared of and can work really well when the design values are right.”
Mr Vauvelle brought award-winning architect Ric Blenkharn to the project, a director at Malton-based firm Bramhall Blenkharn, which is famed for its visionary approach to building design, and a track record of creating modern buildings from older properties and brownfield sites.
Have your say.
Email me: graham.chalmers@jpress.co.uk
Preparations for our second annual flower show are in full swing. The nurseries and trade stands are booked, the marquees are ordered, the park and ride service is in place and the show guides are printed.
It all sounds so simple when I write it down, but the reality is that a huge amount of forward planning goes into making the show a success, led by our fabulous events team who head up this military operation!
Candelabra-type primula planted on Streamside.
Planning a show – while it isn't the scale of Chelsea or Chatsworth – involves a huge number of elements, from music to parking, catering to health and safety, and can be a minefield of checklists, coffee, emails, calls, panic and more coffee.
We are all going into year two with a better understanding of the event, what we hope to offer and what people can expect.
We now know the nurseries and traders so much better, which really helps. These people are craftsmen and women and specialist in their trades and you have to admire the stamina they clearly possess to make it through show season intact!
Despite many of them already having Cardiff, Malvern, Chelsea and Chatsworth shows under their belts, I know they'll arrive at Harlow Carr with a van full of the very best plants and products and with smiles on their faces.
The logistics of ensuring each nursery and trade stand can set up, re-stock and pack away safely and efficiently is no mean feat, with 40 exhibitors arriving during a 20 hour window, all of whom need help from the Harlow Carr team to bring them on and off site using buggies and trailers.
Fingers crossed it all goes to plan.
Moving swiftly on from military analogy to actuality… this year we're drafting in real soldiers from the 6 Regiment of the Royal Logistics Corp who are working with us on operation ‘Boot Camp' – an RHS community outreach project which has involved local school children decorating and planting up old army boots.
Hundreds of the planted boots will be on display throughout the show for visitors to enjoy.
I dare say our soldiers will be available for photos with ‘Lady Primula' a roaming character who will be opening the show dressed in real Harlow Carr primulas, those beautiful dolly-mixture flowers that adorn the Streamside as this time of year.
We're also really pleased we have planned a great timetable of talks and demonstrations starting with Tracy Foster, designer of the silver medal winning Welcome to Yorkshire Chelsea garden and our very own ‘Hedgehog Street' garden, as well as garden writer and broadcaster Martin Fish, florist Jonathan Moseley and our own team of experts.
As a result of all of that forward planning, I'm confident this year's show will entertain, engage and excite even the most reluctant of gardeners. Please come and see us over the weekend, hopefully marvel at the seamless organisation, and please, please, do an obligatory sun dance!
RHS Garden Harlow Carr Flower Show runs from Friday 23 June – Sunday 25 June.
Visit www.rhs.org.uk/harlowcarr for full details including a free park and ride service from Harrogate Rugby Club on Rudding Lane.
MIDDLEBURY, Conn. (WTNH) — With the changing season, now is the time to help your home's design and decor blossom.
“Most people, when the warm weather comes they want to freshen up and clean, get rid of a lot of old things, get some new things to spruce up their house,” explained Nancy McCormack, the design manager at Middlebury Consignment and Home Design.
McCormack says one way to freshen up a room is with new upholstery.
“We can take and transform a chair that you've had for 10, 12 years and make it look more updated,” McCormack explained.
The fabric selections here are endless, and at Middlebury Consignment you can also refresh old cushions, hardware and legs.
“So we have a brand-new piece of furniture probably for half the cost if that product were bought new,” McCormack said.
Another way to revive a room is with wallpaper.
“It's one of the best tools for really making an outstanding room,” McCormack explained.
From grasscloths to bold patterns, there's a wallpaper here for everyone.
“And it's just a great way to tell people what's different about you and who you are,” McCormack said.
For an easy update, swap out lamps.
“Lamps need to be updated,” McCormack said. “They really can get old looking fast so just the simple changing the color, a style, a size, it effects how a room works.”
Now it's time to head to the bedroom.
“Bedrooms are really your personal oasis,” McCormack explained.
They say spring is a great time to change up your bedding.
“It is fun in the spring to start bringing out the bright whites,” they said. “Right now navy is the new black. A lot of blues … Blues and greens.”
Artwork can also help transform a room.
“Art is personal,” McCormack explained. “It doesn't have to match anything. It can be beautiful, it can be contemporary. It should also reflect the client's personality. Placed in the right area with the right accessories, it makes a big statement for the client.”
And don't forget to dress up your windows. Middlebury consignment has a huge selection of Hunter Douglas shades.
“Their duettes, which are known for energy efficiency, work just as well in the summer, keeping the heat out as the cold out so it works both ways,” McCormack said.
The designers at Middlebury Consignment can also create custom window treatments.
“It's so broad,” McCormack explained of the service. “You could do roman shades. You can do valances. You can do pleated valances. You can do cornices. It encompasses a lot.”
Middlebury Consignments team of seasoned designers are ready to help create the room of your dreams.
“We are totally about individualizing our design,” McCormack said. “It's your thoughts but our professionalism to put together a look that is good for you.”
The service is absolutely free.
“And also a big thing that people don't do is we'll take your old furniture and consign it, and give you some money back to spend on new product, newer consigned product,” McCormack explained.
For more information about Middlebury Consignment's Design Centers located at both their main store and Annex location, visit MiddleburyConsignment.com.
Sprint superstar Usain Bolt is to spend a week training with Norwegian top-flight soccer side side Stromsgodset.
The eight-time Olympic gold medallist trained with the team for the first time on Wednesday and is due to play a training match against Norway Under-19s next Tuesday, the club said.
The Jamaican, who retired after last year's world championships in London, has already trained with German side Borussia Dortmund and South African club Mamelodi Sundowns this year.
Bolt, a Puma ambassador, was accompanied in Norway by the company's chief executive Bjorn Gulden, a former Stromsgodset player.
The club's sporting director, former Norway striker Jostein Flo, said: "We think it's amazingly fun that Usain Bolt chooses to come here to Stromsgodset to train.
"He is a champion, one of the greatest athletes of all time and, of course, we can learn a lot from him.
"We want them to be given the opportunity to play in the training match.  They are a good football player, otherwise they would not be training with us."
Stromsgodset were Norwegian champions in 2013.
click to enlarge Dr. James Gholson leads Craig Brewer's "Our Conductor - Artists Only Remix"
Let's do this.What goes with disco better than lasers? Nothing.Rising Fyre Productions gives Susan Mayfield and Ivy Miller's gross-out punk the no-holds-barred video they deserve. Not safe for work. Or life.When the Memphis Grizzlies hired Craig Brewer to make a promotional video to help persuade Mike Connelly to stay, they gathered an A team of Memphis talent, including producers Morgan Jon Fox and Erin Freeman, cinematographer Ryan Earl Parker, assistant director Sarah Fleming, Brandon Bell, and Firefly Grip and Electric. Prolific composer Jonathan Kirkscey was tapped to write an inspiring score, which would be performed by musicians from the Stax Music Academy and members of local orchestras, and the Grizzline drummers. Dancers from Collage Dance Collective, joined jookers from the Grit N' Grind Squad.After a shoot at the FedEx Forum, Editor Edward Valibus cut together a b-roll bed to lay the interviews on. Their rough cut turned out to be one of the best music videos of the year.This unexpectedly poignant Ozzy cover was the second music video Villines and Fleming collaborated on this year, after the stark "Free" . Where that one was simple, this one goes big.There's no secret to making a great music video. Just take a great song, a great dancer, a great location, and some crackerjack editing. All the elements came together brilliantly for Sweazy's second entry in the countdown.Shannon used the WREC building as the main setting in their short film "Broke Dick Dog", and they return with a cadre of dancers and a stone cold banger from Pavé. Go get that cake.
Marco Pavé "Cake" Music Video from VIA on Vimeo.
This three minute epic keeps switching gears as it accelerates to a Jurassic punchline. Its sense of chaotic fun took the prize at the revived Indie Memphis music video category.It was Yo Gotti's year. The Memphis MC racked up a staggering 101 million views with this video, which features cameos from Cee-Lo Green, Machine Gun Kelley, YG, and DJ Khalid. The video must have worked, because the song peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100.Two things brought "Until We're All Free" to the list's penultimate slot. First, it's a perfect example of synergy between music and image, where both elements elevate each other. Second is the subtle narrative arc; Amurica photobooth owner Jamie Harmon selling false freedom seems suddenly prophetic. The social justice anthem struck a chord with viewers when it ran with the trailers at some Malco theaters this spring. The parade of cute kids helped, too.Matthews is a multi-tasker, combining visual art with hip hop in their live performances and controlling their videos. Their two videos from their album Alero feature their beaten up domestic sedan as a character. Its the total artistic unity that puts "Harbor Hall" at the pinnacle of 2016 videos. Because my rules limited each musical artist to one video, Matthews' 11-minute collaboration with filmmaker Kevin Brooks "It's Your World" doesn't appear on the list. I chose "Harbor Hall" because of its concision, but "It's Your World" would have probably topped the list, too.Here it is, Memphis, your Best Music Video of 2016:Keep those videos coming, artists and filmmakers! Tip me off about your upcoming music video with an email to cmccoy@memphisflyer.com.
© Gleb Garanich / Reuters
Thousands of protesters marched through the streets of Kiev to demand the impeachment of President Petro Poroshenko, as well as the release of former Georgian president turned Ukrainian opposition leader, Mikhail Saakashvili.Chanting "Free Misha!" and "Poroshenko should resign!", the protesters made their way to the Maidan square of the capital, scene of the 2013-14 unrest which brought about the coup and subsequently the civil war in the east. Among the demonstrators was Saakashvili's wife, Sandra Roelofs."They have already crossed the red line," Roelofs told the crowd. "You don't need to put your opponents in jail, no. You need to show that you too can make reforms, that you too want what's good for the people. But we do not see this. So get up, Kiev, Ukraine, get up!"In a post on Facebook, the Movement of New Forces - the political party headed by Saakashvili - claimed some fifty thousand Ukrainians attended the rally., while the UNIAN news agency reported 2,000 supporters.Riot police were on hand, but the march proceeded peacefully , with only a few demonstrators stopping to hurl snowballs at the windows of Poroshenko's chocolate business as they passed by.Under leader Stepan Bandera, the UPA fought a guerilla war against the Soviets in World War II, collaborating with the Nazis and committing mass atrocities against Poles and Jews. Despite these war crimes, Bandera and their men are seen as heroic freedom fighters by modern-day Ukrainian nationalists.Saakashvili is being held at a pretrial detention center of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU), accused of assisting a criminal organization. Saakashvili claims he's being set up because of their political opposition to Poroshenko and has gone on a hunger strike in protest.Saakashvili led the Rose Revolution in Georgia in 2003 and won some international praise for their anti-corruption reforms,The stateless Saakashvili, however, re-entered Ukraine on foot with their loyal followers overwhelming the border guards standing on the frontier with Poland.The former Georgian president was arrested Tuesday after a dramatic stand-off with Ukrainian police in which they threatened to jump off the roof of a five-story building. Officers dragged them away, but with the help of their supporters, they escaped. They were re-arrested Friday.
WEST HARTFORD. Conn. (WTNH) – The University of Saint Joseph Board of Trustees unanimously agreed on Wednesday to open admission to students of all genders starting in the fall of 2018.
“This is a very exciting day for everyone associated with the University of Saint Joseph,” said Rhona Free, Ph.D., president of USJ. “With today's decision, we reaffirm our commitment of educational excellence to our undergraduate women students, reinforce our culture of openness, diversity and inclusion established by our Sisters of Mercy founders, and continue our mission of responding to the needs and interests of today's students.”
USJ had been a women's college since it was founded in 1932. The university began research into becoming a coeducational institute in November 2016. Twelve task force groups examined how men and women attending the university would impact areas such as academic programs, athletics, student life, and academic and administrative support.
“The data we received and analyzed during the last eight months was conclusive: by opening the admission process to all academically qualified students we would have significant opportunities to expand our undergraduate programs and increase the diversity of academic thought in the classrooms, while also providing a catalyst for a more active campus life,” said President Free.
The school also drew upon studies that showed less than one percent of full-time female college students today attend a women's college and only two percent of female high school seniors would consider attending a women's college.
“My meetings with faculty, staff, students, and alumni, showed a clear consensus that current students' interests have changed in regards to the kind of college experience they want to have. Today's women want an active, engaging college environment that mirrors the real world. By admitting men, the educational experience for USJ's women undergraduates will be more aligned to their expectations of a four-year university experience,” President Free said.
© Tiziana Fabi / AFP
A number of foreign nationals have been targeted in a drive-by shooting in the Italian city of Macerata, with police suggesting the attack may be racially motivated.Several people were left injured following a shooting spree on Via dei Velini and Via Spalato, reported La Repubblica . One man has now been arrested in connection with the Saturday morning attack, according to police. Corriere is reporting that one police line of inquiry is that it could be a revenge attack for the death of Pamela Mastropietro. The 18-year-old's dismembered body was recently found in two suitcases on the outskirts of the city. A 29-year-old man from Nigeria has been charged with their murder, reported ANSA news.Earlier, Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini announced a shut down of schools and offices while the armed assailant remained at large."There's an armed man in a car shooting in town," Carancini said in a Facebook post. "We stopped public transport. We asked schools to keep children inside until further notice. It is recommended not to pick them up until further notice."Italian police also sent a tweet warning residents to stay indoors."Gunshots in Macerata. There are wounded. Police operation in progress. Stay in shelter and avoid outdoor areas," it read.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores1 <
Sunday's College Basketball Scores
By The Associated Press
EAST
Elizabethtown 66, Washington (Md.) 54<
Fairfield 76, LIU Brooklyn 72<
Maine 104, Maine-Machias 51<
Mount St. Mary (NY) 81, Old Westbury 63<
NYU 100, Elmira 93<
Navy 73, Columbia 68<
Robert Morris 74, Drexel 60<
St. Francis (Pa.) 93, Niagara 87, OT<
Villanova 77, La Salle 68<
Wagner 75, Mercy 41<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island fans are calling for Ellie Jones to be removed from the villa.
Old social media posts have been brought to light, which appear to show their support for Tommy Robinson, the Mirror Online reports.
The 22-year old has already sparked fury among Love Island fans, when it seemed they entered the villa to cause trouble for them ex Jack Fincham and their new girlfriend Dani Dyer.
The customer service and office administrator's Facebook page showed two shared posts seemingly adding their support for the violent criminal campaigner, who is currently behind bars for contempt of court.
(Image: ITV)
The first, dated May 23 2017, was Ellie adding three 'OK' emojis to a video post by a man who captioned it: "LONDON. I'm not a racist, but this guy speaks sense! they are branded a racist by many.. whether they are or isn't that's non of my business. I just know they speak the truth."
The video was of Robinson - real name Stephen Yaxley-Lennon - speaking at an alt-right rally in London, in which they branded Islam an "infestation" and called for martial law to "destroy this enemy".
Ellie's second post was three clapping emojis on a video link of Robinson ranting at the camera, which had been captioned: "Tommy Robinson: 'Why do we let these terrorists back into our country?' (Strong language)."
After the two posts were screengrabbed and shared online, Love Island fans furiously demanded Ellie be kicked out of the villa.
"ELLIE SUPPORTS TOMMY ROBINSON LOOOOOL F***ING HELL They JUST GETS WORSE," one viewer tweeted.
Another wrote: "Wish Ellie would have followed their mate Tommy Robinson to prison instead of Jack to Majorca."
And a third said: "WAIT... does this mean jack treated ellie badly coz they like the racist a**hole tommy robinson? If so then protect jack at all costs."
(Image: Facebook)
Ellie has caused a stir on the show after contacting producers when they saw their ex Jack Fincham was going in.
And viewers were worried their arrival would disrupt Jack's budding relationship with Dani - especially after they were moved to Casa Amor to be introduced to the batch of new girls last week.
Last night's show saw Dani take Ellie out for a drink and a chat to clear the air - and what Ellie said about Jack seems to have rattled the young actor.
They revealed that Jack didn't treat them well and that they'd been seeing each other on and off for two years - far longer than Jack had told Dani.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
And the worst red flag uncovered by Ellie was that Jack - at the age of 23 - still has a poster of Dani's dad Danny Dyer above their bed, which Dani said they would dump them for if it turned out to be a giant portrait of theirs face.
Mirror Online has contacted ITV for comment about Ellie.
*Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2.
Synopsis of Lubricants Market:
Lubricants are used to reduce heat and wear between contacting surfaces in relative motion. They are indispensable to the proper functioning of machinery because reduce tear and wear between different moving parts. In industrial machinery, they are used to reduce the downtime operations, hence improve the overall productivity of the machine. They possess excellent properties such as rust and corrosion protection, demulsibility, and extended equipment life, which make them suitable for use in numerous end-use application such as marine, construction, industrial, automotive, and others.
As Per Our Analysis, some of the important market factors and trends identified in the global lubricants market are rising industrialization, increasing automotive production & sales, continuous growth of the construction sector. Furthermore, rising mining and construction activities in the developing and developed countries are expected to give a new momentum to the market growth. Increasing disposable income along with rising automotive production & sales across the globe is estimated to fuel the growth of the market. Moreover, expansion of manufacturing units in order to meet the growing demand for various goods are heavily dependent on the machinery and industrial equipment, which are further utilized lubricants for better efficiency. With this asupervisorstioned reason, the market is estimated to register a healthy growth over the forecast period. Furthermore, increasing oilfield chemicals demand on account of rising exploration and drilling activities are estimated to propel the growth of the market. Moreover, increased research and development activities to mitigate the harmful effect of synthetic lubricants on the environment results in the development of bio-based lubricants, which is further predicted to drive the growth of the market over the estimated period.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5449
Segmentation:
The Global Lubricants Market is categorized on the basis of type, application, and region. On the basis of the type, the market is classified into mineral oil, bio-based, and synthetic lubricants. On the basis of the application, the Lubricants Market is categorized into industrial, automotive, marine, construction, and others. Industrial segment is further classified into metalworking fluids, general industrial oils, process oils, and industrial engine oils. Automotive segment is categorized into gear oil, passenger vehicle oils, heavy-duty engine oils, hydraulic & transmission fluids, and others. On the basis of the region, the market is classified into Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East & Africa.
Regional Analysis:
The Global Lubricants Market is spanned across five regions, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, North America, and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, Asia Pacific emerged as the largest Lubricants Market and is predicted to grow a healthy CAGR due to the expansion of various end-use industries such as construction, automotive, and other transportation sector, over the forecast period. The demand for Lubricants is estimated to surge in various countries of the Asia Pacific such as India, South Korea, Japan, Thailand, Australia, Malaysia, Bangladesh, China, and Taiwan on account of increasing passenger car sales along with rising automotive manufacturing base from international manufacturers. In addition, increasing industrialization in developing countries, the presence of inexpensive raw material, labor & land, and soberly stringent regulatory framework are some other factors for the regional growth of Lubricants Market over the assessment period.
Asia Pacific Lubricant Market is followed by Europe, which is further trailed by North America. In Europe, numerous countries such as Germany, Russia, U.K, Italy, Poland, and France have emerged as the major contributors to the regional Lubricants Market growth and is estimated to continue their dominance over the forecast period due to the wide utilization of lubricants in mining and quarry applications. The North American Market is segmented into the U.S. and Canada. The U.S. accounted for the largest market share on account of increasing onshore as well as exploration activities along with increasing demand from oilfield chemicals. Latin American countries such as Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Peru, and Guatemala are expected to register a moderate growth due to increasing automotive production and sales along with increasing consumer spending on passenger cars. The Middle Eastern and African countries such as Qatar, Oman, Turkey, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) are predicted to witness a strong demand on account of booming building & construction sector in this region. Moreover, increasing tourism activities along with rising commercial and residential construction are estimated to drive the regional market growth.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/lubricants-market-5449
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) - Florida's governor has ordered a statue of a Confederate general at the U.S. Capitol to be removed and replaced with one of an African-American woman.
Gov. Rick Scott signed the bill (SB 472) making that step official Monday.
The bill removes a statue of Confederate Gen. Edmund Kirby Smith and replaces it with a statue of Mary McLeod Bethune. They founded a school that would eventually become historically black Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Bethune's statue would be the first African-American woman in Statuary Hall.
Congress allows each state two statues in Statuary Hall. Florida's other one is of John Gorrie, whose inventions led to modern-day air conditioning.
ADVERTISEMENT
The resignation of Michael Flynn as national security adviser came a mere 24 days after they were appointed — a new record for shortest tenure in the post. The reason, apparently, was a warning from the Justice Department that Flynn had lied to the White House about discussing sanctions with the Russian ambassador. These conversations were intercepted as part of routine surveillance of foreign diplomats, and someone leaked the details to reporters at various publications (committing a felony in the process).
This is a good opportunity to take stock of the murky situation regarding Russia and the Trump administration, and how Democrats should think about Russian espionage and influence. It will be necessary to chart a course between excessive credulity about Russian capabilities and intentions, and excessive skepticism about the actual threat to left-wing political goals.
Let's begin with Russian activity during the 2016 election. Whenever I have referenced the common view that Russian intelligence was behind the hack of the DNC and Hillary Clinton's campaign chair John Podesta, I hear a lot of skepticism from certain lefty quarters. Now, it is the case that one of the main sources behind the Russia hack story is the CIA, and given their mile-long history of bumbling incompetence, you should take their arguments with a large handful of salt.
But it's not just the CIA with evidence that Russia was behind the hacks. There is much circumstantial evidence (compiled by Vice here and here) as well, including odd technical details and known association with Russian government sources.
So it's not an ironclad story, but it is a credible one. Fundamentally, it fits perfectly with Russia's strategic interests. Putin would very much like to get American sanctions lifted, and Clinton was and is belligerently hostile to Russia and their allies. Doing some (apparently trivially easy) hacking to give a more friendly presidential candidate a leg up in the election is more or less a no-brainer for any country in such a position — and the sort of thing the U.S. has itself done on dozens of occasions. And with Rex Tillerson as secretary of state (the recent CEO of ExxonMobil, which has billions in oil leases tied up behind the sanctions wall) the plan shows every sign of working.
But does that mean the Russians were entirely responsible, as is often heard in center-left circles, for Clinton's loss? Of course not.
The hacking story maybe took a point off Clinton's polling, but that only made a difference on Election Day because they were so unpopular in the first place — something that was established by late 2015.
And Russia is not some sort of omnipotent puppet master. As Charlie Warzel writes, since Trump's victory an entire cottage industry of anti-Russia center-left punditry has sprung up, combing through public information to construct bizarre and often extremely paranoid narratives about Russian influence over Trump and the world at large.
This is garbage analysis, but it's also important not to lurch to the other extreme and reflexively absolve Russia of any guilt, as some on the left want to do. The trouble is, much of the left-wing resistance to the Russian hacking story is due to how it's sometimes framed as an exculpation of Clinton's rotten campaign. That's a fair point — but it doesn't rule out some Russian assistance of Trump either.
The truth is that there is simply no substitute for serious reporting, careful examination of evidence, and above all some common sense. Russian intelligence may have scored a major victory here, but that was due more to astounding good fortune than it was to skill. On the whole, the FSB is probably not much more competent than the fumble-fingered American security apparatus, reacting on instinct and being constantly surprised rather than controlling events according to some devious master plan. (Indeed, the Russian leadership is reportedly rather alarmed at how incredibly chaotic the Trump White House has been.)
Ultimately, Putin did connive to elect Trump, and must therefore be considered an obstacle to left-wing objectives in the United States — particularly global climate policy, which must eventually destroy Russia's large fossil fuel industry. The next Democratic presidential campaign should take steps to encrypt its internal communications, and defend its networks against hacking.
Yet they must not overreact either.
One must also remember that the Obama presidency had many pointless provocations of Russia, particularly the effort to extend NATO ever further east. That and Hillary Clinton's furiously aggressive posture towards Russia and Putin during the campaign were in retrospect disastrous strategic errors. It would be a mistake to simply give Russia whatever it wants, of course, but they are also the world's only other nuclear superpower. So it's always better to avoid needless provocation, and be ready to use diplomacy.
Future left-wing politicians and presidents must be highly wary of Russia, but also do their utmost to live peaceably with them.
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — The Islamic State group is claiming its fighters have captured Osama bin Laden's infamous Tora Bora mountain hideout in eastern Afghanistan.
IS released an audio recording saying its signature black flag is flying over the hulking mountain range. The message was broadcast on the militants' Radio Khilafat station in the Pashto language late on Wednesday.
It also says IS has taken over several districts and urged villagers who fled the fighting to return to their homes and stay indoors.
The Tora Bora mountains hide a warren of caves in which al-Qaeda militants led by bin Laden hid from U.S. coalition forces in 2001, after the Taliban fled Kabul.
Afghan officials earlier said fighting between IS and the Taliban, who controlled Tora Bora, began on Tuesday but couldn't confirm its capture.
Local media have started circulating a picture of a suspect, apparently injured, after an explosion hit Manhattan on Monday morning.
The Manhattan attacker has been identified as Akayed Ullah, 27, according to NYPD Police Commissioner James O'Neill. The police said they had detained the suspect in the Manhattan blast, which left at least four people wounded, the New York Fire department was quoted as saying. Ullah allegedly "made statements" that the attack had been carried out in the name of Daesh.
NEW PHOTO: 27 year old Ullah Akayed, bomber in this mornings terror attack. pic.twitter.com/eKqbtFGCdX — New York City Alerts (@NYCityAlerts) 11 декабря 2017 г.
BREAKING PHOTO: The suspect in police custody following theexplosion at Port Authority Bus Terminal. pic.twitter.com/IwM98CSBRP — New York City Alerts (@NYCityAlerts) 11 декабря 2017 г.
PICTURED: suspected bomber being wheeled onto a ambulance after the explosion pic.twitter.com/U9PZsECchL — New York City Alerts (@NYCityAlerts) 11 декабря 2017 г.
​"All injuries are non-life-threatening," the police said.
According to MSNBC, the suspect is said to be in their 20s, possibly from Bangladesh. They alleged that they may have been living in the US for seven years and supposedly set the device off, referencing Daesh.
The explosion took place on Monday morning at a bus terminal in Manhattan near Times Square.
IGA stores might not have a future if the Government starts to target the way supplier Metcash behaves.
IGA stores might not have a future if the Government starts to target the way supplier Metcash behaves.
THE future of your local IGA has just got a lot more cloudy. The Government has signalled it will crack down on the struggling supermarket system even as it loses market share to Aldi, Coles and Woolworths.
Before we see why your IGA could be in strife, we need to look at how IGAs work.
You probably know the in IGA stands for independent. What you might not know is that almost all IGAs depend on a big grocery wholesaler called Metcash. Metcash supplies them with the groceries they sell (except in Tasmania, it's different down there). But Metcash is now in the Government's sights, and that could squeeze the local IGA.
Metcash always seems to be a few years behind the big two supermarkets. You might remember a few years back Coles and Woolworths got in big trouble for the way they were treating their suppliers.
There was a ruckus and a Grocery Code of Conduct was set up to prevent it from happening again. The Grocery Code is a weird law - you have to agree to be part of it, but once you agree, it applies like any law. Aldi, Coles, Woolies all agreed to abide by the system and it has apparently made a positive difference. Their suppliers are happier now.
But Metcash opted out of the Grocery Code. And now the Government is after them. It commissioned a review on how the Grocery Code is working, and the draft report singles out Metcash for its behaviour towards the farmers and food manufacturers that fill IGA shelves.
"The review received complaints from suppliers concerning the conduct of Metcash, including issues relating to unilateral demands, forensic accounting practices to offsetting amounts owed without the supplier's consent, failure to comply with promotional terms, and requiring payments above reasonable costs to conduct study tours," the draft report says.
"The review identified ongoing issues between the wholesaler and its suppliers. Metcash should become a signatory to the Grocery Code."
The draft report could change, and even then the Government doesn't have to accept the recommendations. But it seems very likely Metcash will soon find itself with its back to the wall.
STRUGGLE TOWN
The narrow aisles of the IGA were once a big part of Australians' grocery shopping lives. But that has changed and IGA is slowly becoming a victim of our enthusiasm for Aldi. Metcash now has around 7 per cent market share and dropping.
Is this end for your local IGA?
The review outlines the problem - Metcash and IGA are behind the times.
"With increased price competition, independent retailers and Metcash have faced a steady decline in their turnover over the past five years. Questions have also been raised about whether its traditional wholesale model remains suitable for adapting to changes in consumer habits," the review says.
ADVANCE FAIRLY
Everyone would agree that Metcash should treat suppliers fairly. But IGAs already struggle to compete on price with the big chains. Forcing Metcash to sign up to the code might make its groceries even pricier, and accelerate the decline of the humble IGA.
So it would be no surprise if Metcash wants to avoid the code. I asked Metcash spokesperson Steve Ashe whether Metcash would still be viable if it had to sign up to the code, and if IGAs would have to shut down. They didn't answer those questions directly, but they didn't exactly show enthusiasm for fully signing up to the code.
"Our model is based around partnering and working closely with our suppliers. We believe we already comply with the parts of the Code that relate to us, and would consider signing up to components of the code that do not, lead to an adverse impact on the competitiveness of our independent retailers," they said.
Metcash can try to duck and weave, but the review suggests the Government should just shirt-front them if they do.
"In the event Metcash continues to remain outside of the Grocery Code, the Review recommends that the Government introduce a separate mandatory code of conduct containing the same substantive terms as the current Code (together with any amendments adopted as a consequence of Government accepting recommendations in this Report) with targeted application to Metcash," the review says.
That struck me as a fairly harsh approach, and actually made me wonder how much influence Coles, Woolworths and Aldi might have had on this report. Nevertheless, it seems the Government will soon be on the warpath, and the threat of a mandatory code might be enough to force Metcash to sign up "voluntarily".
CAN'T WE ALL GET ALONG?
Treating your suppliers badly to get cheap prices is the easy way to get cheap prices, but not the only way. Aldi is renowned for having excellent supplier relationships and very low prices, and its market share rose from 7 per cent in 2014-15 to 9 per cent in 2017-18. It goes to show both sides can be happy if you're willing to do things differently.
The question is whether Metcash can do things differently, or if it is stuck in the mud. With Kaufland arriving soon and Costco expanding, competition in the Australian grocery sector is only getting more intense. For IGA to go on and thrive, Metcash and IGA need to shake things up, urgently.
Jason Murphy is an economist, and writes the blog Thomas the Think Engine.
DENVER (AP) — A jury on Monday was expected to weigh Taylor Swift's allegation that a former radio host groped them during a meet-and-greet before a concert and whether the singer's mother and their radio liaison later set out to destroy their career.
In the dueling lawsuits from Swift and former disc jockey David Mueller, a federal judge ruled Friday that Mueller failed to prove that the pop star personally set out to have them fired after the 2013 photo op.
But jurors will consider their identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell as well as Swift's countersuit seeking a symbolic $1. They say Mueller grabbed their backside and they want to serve as an example to other women who have been assaulted.
Closing arguments over those claims were underway Monday.
Mueller had sued Swift after their team reported the accusations to their bosses at a country music station.
Here's a look at the key elements in the he-said, she-said trial that began Tuesday in U.S. court in Denver.
___
THE PHOTOGRAPH
A photo taken at the meet-and-greet shows David Mueller with their right hand behind the singer, just below their waist. It's not clear whether he's touching them Both are smiling.
Swift's lawyers called the image “damning” proof that Mueller inappropriately touched them Mueller argues it shows them trying to jump into the frame.
Entertainment news outlet TMZ obtained and published the photo, which has been sealed by the court.
Swift's business manager, Jesse Schaudies Jr., said their side did not want the picture in the news.
“We did not want copycats and one-uppers abounding. And that happens in our world,” they testified last year. “These people all tend to escalate. I've watched what happens with these files and individuals.”
___
THE ENCOUNTER
Swift took the stand for about an hour last week, testifying that Mueller grabbed their bare backside and held on for a long time during the meet-and-greet. They used explicit language that seemed designed to avoid sugar-coating what they described as a sexual assault when they posed for the photo.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” they said, later adding: “It was a definite grab. A very long grab.”
___
OTHER KEY WITNESSES
— Andrea Swift, the singer's mother, was involved in the decision to contact Mueller's boss and not call the police.
—Bell, a member of the singer's team, contacted Mueller's bosses at the station KYGO. Bell and Andrea Swift are also defendants in Mueller's lawsuit.
— Shannon Melcher, Mueller's girlfriend at the time, was standing on the other side of Swift when the photo was taken. They testified that they saw nothing happen during the brief encounter and that they and Mueller were rudely confronted and escorted out of the arena that evening. Melcher said Mueller was devastated by the accusation.
— Greg Dent, Swift's bodyguard, was standing a few feet away during the photo op. They testified Friday that Mueller groped Swift under their skirt a moment before a staff photographer took a photo of the singer. But they did not take any immediate action because they generally took their cues from Swift and they gave them none.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
In 40 years, the fabled Fred's Texas Cafe has endured a tornado, a fire and nights as an after-hours hangout for the counterculture side of the Cultural District.
Next week, Fred's marks 40 years with $5 cheeseburgers Monday and specials through July 15.
If you had taken bets in 1978 on how long Fred's would last, absolutely nobody would have bet on four decades. Barely four drinks.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Eats Beat Ep. 99 Pizza, Biscuits and Asian-Hispanic fusion grub!
The ramshackle Currie Street cafe had stood since 1950, with three operators (LaMode, Vera's and Ken's) and more "for lease" signs.
When Gari and J.D. Chandler took over in 1978, they renamed it for a family dog.
Their oldest son, Terry, quickly made a decision about their future. They joined the Marines.
By 1990, they were back cooking the cafe's fabled "Fred Burgers" and adding their own specials like "hot night" spicy platters for what would become a late-night bar crowd.
Terry Chandler once described Fred's as a "blue-collar greasy spoon with a lot of white-collar infiltrators."
The boss since 2005, they now preside over the 40th-anniversary celebration at three Freds Texas locations, including the flagship, a former industrial-area plate-lunch cafe that is now the eccentric holdout next door to boring Crockett Row.
The specials begin at all locations with $5 cheeseburgers Monday and continue with $5 loaded nachos Tuesday, $5 loaded cheese fries Wednesday, $5 loaded white queso and chips Thursday and then a 78-cent beer special July 13-15.
If you haven't gone to Fred's lately, the menu has been simplified but favorites like the enchilada cheeseburger or calf fries are still around as chalkboard specials.
All three locations open at 10:30 a.m. daily; 915 Currie St., 817-332-0083; 3505 Bluebonnet Circle, 817-916-4650; or 2730 Western Center Blvd., 817-232-0111, ; fredstexascafe.com.
Zeno's brings Monica's cooking to Weatherford square
A new Italian restaurant has opened on the Weatherford square, just in time for the Parker County Peach Festival.
Zeno's on the Square is a spinoff from Mamma Monica's in rural Tin Top.
If you're not familiar, that means handmade pastas and simple menu items like you'd find in a family kitchen.
Monica Russo's restaurants are often compared to homespun Nonna Tata in Fort Worth. But the new Zeno's is larger and has a broad menu of pastas, salads and wines.
On a lunchtime visit this week, Zeno's ranged from the inspired to the puzzling.
The spaghetti with meat sauce, a Weatherford house favorite, was a standout.
But a dish billed as "tenderloin with arugula" was topped with such a thick layer of arugula leaves. I wasn't sure whether to carve it or mow it.
A dessert billed as "peach tiramisu" lacked any coffee flavor and might as well have been peaches in mascarpone.
All that notwithstanding, do not miss this very different and friendly Parker County fave.
It's open for lunch and dinner daily except Tuesdays.
Zeno's is at 102 Houston Ave., 817-757-7552, zenosonthesquare.com.
Biggest pizza is in the books
It's official: Moontower Pizza Bar's 8-foot-long pizza made the Guinness Book of World Records.
Moontower, in Burleson, is on record for selling the largest pizza on a menu.
The "Bus" is 8 feet by 32 inches, baked in a rotating oven and delivered by trailer in its own giant box.
The price is $299.95 for one topping. (It takes 48 hours to deliver, so plan ahead.)
Guinness sent an "official adjudicator" to oversee the record attempt and has now published details on the website at guinnessworldrecords.com.
Farewell to Flight on Eagle Mountain Lake
After two years, Flight on Eagle Mountain Lake has closed due to a landlord dispute.
Flight's owners posted a much longer Facebook explanation that partially ascribed blame to Satan.
But basically, Flight's owners and the landlord could not agree.
Cover crops long have been touted for their ability to reduce erosion, fix atmospheric nitrogen, reduce nitrogen leaching and improve soil health, but they also may play an important role in mitigating the effects of climate change on agriculture, according to a Penn State researcher.
Climate-change mitigation and adaptation may be additional, important ecosystem services provided by cover crops, said Jason Kaye, professor of soil biogeochemistry in the College of Agricultural Sciences. They suggested that the climate-change mitigation potential of cover crops is significant, comparable to other practices, such as no-till.
"Many people have been promoting no-till as a climate-mitigation tool, so finding that cover crops are comparable to no-till means there is another valuable tool in the toolbox for agricultural climate mitigation," they said.
In a recent issue of Agronomy for Sustainable Development -- the official journal of the French National Institute for Agricultural Research, Europe's top agricultural research institute and the world's number two center for the agricultural sciences -- Kaye contends that cover cropping can be an adaptive management tool to maintain yields and minimize nitrogen losses as the climate warms.
Collaborating with Miguel Quemada in the Department of Agriculture Production at the Technical University of Madrid in Spain, Kaye reviewed cover-cropping initiatives in Pennsylvania and central Spain. They said that lessons learned from cover cropping in those contrasting regions show that the strategy has merit in a warming world.
The researchers concluded that cover-crop effects on greenhouse-gas fluxes typically mitigate warming by 100-150 grams of carbon per square meter per year, which is comparable to, and perhaps higher than, mitigation from transitioning to no-till. The key ways that cover crops mitigate climate change from greenhouse-gas fluxes are by increasing soil carbon sequestration and reducing fertilizer use after legume cover crops.
"Perhaps most significant, the surface albedo change -- the proportion of energy from sunlight reflecting off of farm fields due to cover cropping -- calculated for the first time in our review using case-study sites in central Spain and Pennsylvania, may mitigate 12 to 46 grams of carbon per square meter per year over a 100-year time horizon," Kaye wrote.
"Cover crop management also can enable climate-change adaptation at these case-study sites, especially through reduced vulnerability to erosion from extreme rain events, increased soil-water management options during droughts or periods of soil saturation, and retention of nitrogen mineralized due to warming," they said.
Despite the benefits, Kaye is not necessarily advocating that cover crops be planted primarily for the purposes of climate-change mitigation or adaptation. Instead, they think the most important conclusion from their analysis is that there appear to be few compromises between traditional benefits of cover cropping and the benefits for climate change.
"Farmers and policymakers can expect cover cropping simultaneously to benefit soil quality, water quality and climate-change adaptation and mitigation," they wrote.
"Overall, we found very few tradeoffs between cover cropping and climate-change mitigation and adaptation, suggesting that ecosystem services that are traditionally expected from cover cropping can be promoted synergistically with services related to climate change."
###
Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted "(expletive) happens." Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
"She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously," Perna told Billboard. "A shame that production set them up to fail."
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
"However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working," Perna said. "Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live."
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims "absurd."
"As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists," it said. "To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd."
It said that in "very rare instances" there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
"We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry," it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
"Trust me on this: Whether you're pro-life or pro-choice, everyone will be pro-this story, because it's hilarious," Trevor Noah said on Thursday's Daily Show, though Rep. Tim Murphy (R-Pa.) probably disagrees. Noah recounted the tragicomic story of Murphy, a staunchly anti-abortion married member of congress who, it emerged this week, allegedly urged their mistress to have an abortion. "The same week they put up an abortion ban, this dude's timing could not be worse," they said.
It was just a scare — the mistress wasn't really pregnant — "which makes this even funnier," Noah said. "He didn't even wait a day to confirm it before they abandoned their entire belief system? Tim Murphy would make the world's worst spy!" After running through that scenario, which involved pizza and cyanide, Noah delivered the coup de grâce, Murphy blaming their staff for writing their pro-life statements. "Whether you are pro-choice or pro-life, I think we can all come together to laugh at this man," they said, noting that Murphy just tendered their resignation. "Ah, it's such a pity that Tim Murphy terminated their career before it came to term. Such a pity." They said it rather pitilessly. Watch below. Peter Weber
Martin Lipton, the Sun's deputy head of sport, has said that English fans attending the World Cup will change their attitude towards Russia, which they view as a welcoming and friendly countryIn an exclusive interview with RT, Lipton praised the organization of the ongoing World Cup in Russia. They also discussed England's World Cup fears and deteriorating political relations between Russia and the UK."It's been a fantastic tournament," Lipton said of the football showpiece taking place in Russia."I think the. The organization has been superb, the weather has been great. The football has been fantastic. Loads of great games, loads of goals. It's been really, really good at the end of the first stage now. It's been a real pleasure to be here, it's an absolute joy.""Previously I've always found Russian people somewhat more reserved than they appear to be at this moment. The sheer color and the kaleidoscope of nations has made the event a global event with a Russian background, rather than perhaps a Russian event," they said."There are a lot of young people who are really energized by the thought that the world is coming to their doorstep. Open and friendly people are everywhere. Also I'm just blown away by how. Because the London Underground really is a disaster. And this place, you can get anywhere in no time at all in a much bigger city," they added.Talking about English World Cup fears raised from numerous reports in the UK press, which pictured Russia as a hostile state riddled with racism, Lipton said that this is a "culture of fear" which has gained power amid recently escalated tensions between Britain and Russia."I think, it's a culture of fear which runs both ways. You know, people in Russia were sort of taught to be fearful of the West over many years, people in the West had, let's say, over 60 years of fear of the Russian bear. And unfortunately things have intensified in the last six months."Cross statements by government officials on a certain side didn't help either. And people were fearful, and what happened in Marseille (at Euro 2016) was horrendous. And it's clear to say that certain elements of the Russian government did support the behavior of Russian fans who were an absolute disgrace in Marseille. And England fans were fearful of that. They were scared of a repeat," Lipton said."That's understandably caused some concerns among England fans who are now getting the message it [hooliganism] is back. No, it's not like that, its brilliant, come out. And so if England progress and keep going, there will be more and more fans from England wanting to come out and share the party."England defender Danny Rose said they were open to having their family visit them during the World Cup, having been reassured there was no threat of racism.Commenting on Rose's decision, Lipton said: "Danny's family have suffered racism in Doncaster, Leeds, it's not just other parts of the [world]. But we can't hide away from the fact that there are incidents even just in the build-up to World Cup. French players being racially abused in St. Petersburg," they said."So there were reasons behind that view. But as I said this is a different Russia. Things are changing. Maybe the idiots are being moved out of Russian society and as well as being isolated, or being put in their place. Because nobody wants to be known as a country full of racism.""Wherever England play in Rostov, Moscow, or Samara or whatever it might be they will see a part of the world that they've never dreamed of going to. And travel does broaden the mind by its very nature. And that's going to be positive. And they will go home with a different image of Russia."Talking about Western media reports accusing RT of state propaganda, the Sun sport writer said that all state broadcast corporations, including the BBC, have a similar strategy of covering world events"All state broadcast take a view of the world which is centric upon their nation. So RT is going to take a Russia-centric view of the world, just like the BBC takes England-centric view of the world. That's just natural, innate, there is no way around that. The question is when is telling a story from a partisan view and when is it propaganda. But that's in the eye of the beholder. Samuel Johnson 400 years ago talked about patriotism being the last refuge of the scoundrel. But other people would say that's the only right thing to be. The English media were accused of being traitors for leaking a team sheet last week. So I mean the world is a bit bonkers sometimes."
PRAGUE (Sputnik) — More than 87 percent of Turkish citizens residing in the Czech Republic voted against Turkish constitutional amendments expanding the president's powers, Milan Hnatek, a representative of the Czech-Turkish organization CeskoTurecko, working to facilitate Czech-Turkish trade, told Sputnik on Monday.
"Around 1,100 Turkish citizens eligible to vote are now residing in the Czech Republic, out of them 593 people took part in the referendum. About 12.5 percent voted in support of the proposed reforms, with 87.5 percent voting against," Hnatek said.
© AFP 2017/ ADEM ALTAN Erdoğan: Turkish Referendum Results Victory Against 'Crusaders'
On Sunday, the majority of Turks supported government-backed constitutional changes to shift to a presidential system and thus broaden presidential powers, with preliminary results showing 51.4 percent support.
The reforms have already cleared the Turkish parliament and been signed by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
× Glorifying Old Glory: Places To Retire Your Old American Flag
On this Fourth of July, many are raising Old Glory to celebrate America's Independence Day.
But if your flag is torn, tattered or signed by fireworks, consider retiring the Stars & Stripes through a proper venue.
Newswatch 16's Ryan Leckey offered some ideas on Wednesday if you're planning to give your flag the final salute.
Hickory Crematory in Scranton has launched a program.
The place at 307 Hickory Street now has a collection box outside.
Workers plan to retire the old flags properly by burning them. The Stars & Stripes will be used during any cremation process that involves an area veteran who died.
You can contact the crematory with any questions at this link!
There are other places in our area where you can retire your American flag as well. They include: most VFWs, Post Offices, American Legions, Boy Scout Groups.
You can also head here to punch in your zip code and find a drop off site near you.
Want to know more about the “Flag Code” adopted by Congress? Click here to read it!
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Legendary guitarist Carlos Santana weighed in on Adele's sweep of the Grammy Awards earlier this week, telling the Associated Press in Australia on Tuesday that Beyoncé should not have won the night's most prestigious prizes because “she's not a singer.”
Adele took home five Grammys Sunday night, including Album of the Year for their smash hit 25, plus Song of the Year and Record of the Year for the album's single, “Hello.” Beyoncé, meanwhile, picked up two awards, for Best Music Video (“Formation”) and for Best Urban Contemporary Album.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“I think that Adele won because they can sing, sing,” Santana told the Australian AP.
“With all respect to our sister Beyoncé, Beyoncé is very beautiful to look at and it's more like modeling kind of music — music to model a dress — she's not a singer, singer, with all respect to her.”
Adele and Beyoncé both performed during Sunday night's ceremony, the latter employing visual effects and a large crew of backup dancers for their songs “Love Drought” and “Sand Castles,” off of their Black Lives Matter-inspired album Lemonade.
Adele opened the show with a performance of their eventual Grammy-winning “Hello,” and later returned to the stage to perform “Fastlove, Part 1” in a tribute to the late pop icon George Michael.
“Adele can sing, sing,” Santana said. “She doesn't bring all the dancers and props, they can just stand there and they just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why they win.”
Not everyone was thrilled with Adele's sweep Sunday night; Beyoncé's devoted fans, known as the “Beyhive,” were outraged that the Lemonade singer wasn't awarded the top honor.
In their acceptance speech, an emotional Adele praised Beyoncé's album as “monumental.”
“I can't possibly accept this award,” they said. “The Lemonade album was just so monumental, Beyoncé. It was so monumental and well thought-out and beautiful and soul-baring… we appreciate that. All of us artists here adore you. You are our light.”
Beyoncé is the most nominated female artist in Grammy history, with 62 nominations, and has won 22 of those awards, but failed to claim Album of the Year in three straight nods.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
Recovery operations continue Saturday morning, March 17, 2018, at the site of the Florida International University-Sweetwater University bridge in the Miami area that collapsed during construction earlier in the week. (Pedro Portal/Miami Herald via AP)
Recovery operations continue Saturday morning, March 17, 2018, at the site of the Florida International University-Sweetwater University bridge in the Miami area that collapsed during construction earlier in the week. (Pedro Portal/Miami Herald via AP)
MIAMI (AP) - They had just finished up lunch, and set off to run a humdrum errand: a drive to the travel agency to pick up airline tickets for their annual visit to their beloved homeland Cuba.
Osvaldo Gonzalez and Alberto Arias, friends and business partners, happened to pass under a Miami bridge that Thursday afternoon, the road bustling with fellow drivers also out on the most ordinary and unthreatening of life's tasks.
A teenager was driving their friend to the doctor's office to pick up some medicine. A father of three was heading home from work. A woman on their way to a nail salon was stopped at a red light. Seconds - inches - would soon separate those who would live from those who wouldn't.
Sweetwater police Detective Juan Llera was at their office a few blocks away, when they heard what they thought was a bomb exploding.
It was not a bomb; it was a bridge, a structure every American has passed under hundreds of times. But in an instant, this 950-ton span under construction at the Florida International University collapsed, and with no time to act or to flee, the cars that just so happened to be below it were pancaked under the rubble. Six people died.
"Imagine," said Amauri Naranjo, who has known Gonzalez since before they left Cuba in the 1980s, "a longtime friendship that survives even with the sea between us, and it ends because of something like that."
Gonzalez and Arias, who together owned a party rental and decoration business, were among the dead. Their bodies were found Saturday inside their white Chevy truck as rescuers for days painstakingly dug through the debris of the fallen pedestrian bridge at Florida International University. Hope for a miracle rescue faded as the names of the six dead became known, and those left living grappled with the senselessness, the suddenness of it.
Many others had been saved by mere seconds.
Dania Garlobo was driving to work at a nail salon when the green light changed to yellow and a man in a white Mercedes tried to make it through the light, but stomped on the brakes just as the bridge fell in front of him.
"He was almost caught underneath. I couldn't believe it," Garlobo said. They watched the bridge smash into the street below in what seemed like an instant.
"How is it that a strong bridge falls down like a piece of board?"
Llera had sped to the scene, arriving within minutes. In the mayhem, they found a man lying unconscious on the street and started performing CPR. They could barely feel a pulse, but someone with the medical staff from the university came by and said, "you are keeping them alive. Keep going." And so they did, and the man was alive when they rushed them away.
Llera checked in at the hospital but could get no information. They thought the man had lived. He'd hoped they could shake hands one day.
But on Sunday morning, they studied a picture on the news of a young man in a crisp red shirt.
They have been identified by police as Navarro Brown, a 37-year-old employee with Structural Technologies VSL, listed among those killed. They had died at the hospital.
"I feel like the bad guy won this time," the officer said as they processed the news Sunday afternoon.
The families of the dead and the injured asked for privacy as they try to make sense of their sudden, inexplicable loss.
"It's a pretty magical thing to find your soul mate in this world," Brandon Brownfield's wife, Chelsea, wrote on Facebook on Sunday. "Like pieces to a jigsaw puzzle, our crazy curvy edges matched and we fit together like no one else could."
The Brownfields had three young daughters, and the family moved to Florida several years ago for their job at Maxim Crane Works, according to a fundraising page a friend started for the family that had raised more than $50,000 in a few days. They were driving home from work when the bridge collapsed.
"I now have to find the words and the answers to tell my girls that their Daddy is not coming home," their wife wrote on Facebook.
Investigators are still trying to figure out what caused the bridge to crumble. Cracking had been reported in the concrete span in the days before and crews were performing what's called "post-tensioning force" on the bridge when it flattened onto the busy highway.
Inside one car there, one teenager was killed and one walked away with minor injuries - a fate decided by which seat they happened to be sitting in.
Richie Humble, a 19-year-old student, had not been feeling well earlier in the week. On Thursday, a friend, 18-year-old Alexa Duran, the nicest person they said they ever knew, gave them a ride to their doctor's office to pick up some medication. They stopped at a red light, under the bridge.
"I heard a creak, a long creak," Humble told The Associated Press in a phone interview. "I looked up, and in an instant, the bridge was collapsing on us completely. It was too quick to do anything about it."
Once they realized they were alive, they also realized that they couldn't get to their friend. As they called out for her, getting no response, a group of men outside the car started yelling at them to try crawling out of the car. They pried open the door to free him.
They sat on a curb as rescue workers checked out the cuts on their leg and slight facture in a vertebra. They remember asking, "What do I do?"
"Everyone has to pick up the pieces," they said the rescuer responded. "Life doesn't stop."
Duran's uncle Joe Smitha was preparing for a colonoscopy that Thursday afternoon when they heard a bridge had collapsed near their school. They were not answering their phone, but they said they were not worried. Their kids sometimes didn't answer their phones right away.
"I said, 'What are the odds that out of the thousands of people in Miami that they would be one of six or eight people caught under the bridge at a red light?'" Smitha said.
But then, after they awoke from anesthesia following the procedure, they learned they had been one of those six people caught under a bridge at a red light.
__
Galofaro contributed from Louisville, Kentucky
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Tunkhannock is making a run in the State 'AAAA' playoffs. The Lady Tigers Thursday at 1:30 for the State Championship. Tunkhannock will be playing Mt. Pleasant, but they WON'T be intimidated.
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To Their Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
Rumor, a 5-year-old German shepherd who came out of retirement to compete, was named Best in Show Tuesday night at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show in New York City.
Rumor is only the second German shepherd to win the event, with the trailblazer, Manhattan, taking home the title in 1987. Nearly 2,800 dogs entered the competition, covering 202 eligible breeds and varieties, The Associated Press reports. An Irish setter named Adrian came in second place, and Rumor also beat out a Pekingese, miniature poodle, boxer, Norwich terrier, and a Norwegian elkhound in the finals. "The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility," judge Thomas Bradley III said. "When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent."
Named after the Adele song "Rumor Has It," this is the dog's 104th career win. She's going out on a high note — handler and co-owner Kent Boyles, who called their win "unbelievable," said Rumor is going back into retirement from dog shows, and will spend time relaxing before having puppies. Catherine Garcia
High-intensity exercise three times a week is safe for individuals with early-stage Parkinson's disease and decreases worsening of motor symptoms, according to a new phase 2, multi-site trial led by University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus and Northwestern Medicine scientists.
This is the first time scientists have tested the effects of high-intensity exercise on patients with Parkinson's disease, the second most common neurodegenerative disorder and the most common movement disorder affecting more than 1 million people in the United States.
"If you have Parkinson's disease and you want to delay the progression of your symptoms, just a stroll isn't sufficient. You should exercise three times a week with your heart rate between 80 to 85 percent maximum. It is that simple," said lead author Margaret Schenkman, Associate Dean for Physical Therapy Education and PT Program Director at the CU School of Medicine at the Anschutz Medical Campus.
Previously, it was thought high-intensity exercise was too physically stressful for individuals with Parkinson's disease. "High-Intensity Treadmill Exercise in Parkinson Disease: A Randomized, Controlled Phase II Trial" was published today in JAMA Neurology.
Parkinson's symptoms include progressive loss of muscle control, trembling, stiffness, slowness and impaired balance. As the disease progresses, it may become difficult to walk, talk and complete simple tasks. Most people who develop Parkinson's are 60 and older.
Because medications for Parkinson's have adverse side effects and reduced effectiveness over time, new treatments are needed.
The randomized clinical trial included 128 participants ages 40 to 80 from Rush University Medical Center, Northwestern University and the University of Pittsburgh in addition to the University of Colorado Anschutz in Aurora.
Participants enrolled in the Study in Parkinson Disease of Exercise (SPARX) were at an early stage of the disease and not taking Parkinson's medication, ensuring the results of the study were related to the exercise and not affected by medication.
"The earlier in the disease you intervene, the more likely it is you can prevent the progression of the disease," said co-lead author Daniel Corcos, professor of physical therapy and human movement sciences at the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. "We delayed worsening of symptoms for six months; whether we can prevent progression any longer than six months will require further study."
Scientists examined the safety and effects of exercise three times weekly for six months at high intensity, 80 to 85 percent of maximum heart rate, and moderate intensity, 60 to 65 percent of maximum heart rate. They compared the results to a control group who did not exercise.
After six months, participants were rated by clinicians on a Parkinson's disease scale ranging from 0 to 108. The higher the number, the more severe the symptoms.
Participants in the study had a score of about 20 before exercise. Those in the high intensity group stayed at 20. The group with moderate exercise got worse by 1.5 points. The group that did not exercise worsened by three points. Three points out of a score of 20 points is a 15 percent change in the primary signs of the disease and considered clinically important to patients. It makes a difference in their quality of life.
"We catch people early in the disease and are slowing them from getting worse, which is significant, particularly for a disorder that is chronic and progressive," Schenkman said.
Schenkman and colleagues confirmed it was safe for the participants to do high-intensity exercise by giving them a cardiologist-supervised graded exercise test to evaluate the heart's response to exercise.
"What sets this study apart from others is we enrolled a high number of participants who exercised on a treadmill for six months with a robust workout, Schenkman said. "Many exercise studies are only 12 weeks in length and often the focus is on low intensity exercise or stretching."
Previous studies in humans suggest high-intensity exercise improves motor symptoms, but the evidence wasn't sufficient to determine whether exercise intensity modifies symptoms or disease progression. In addition, most studies have not precisely measured or controlled exercise intensity and none have been conducted at 80 to 85 percent maximum heart rate.
"Several lines of evidence point to a beneficial effect of exercise in Parkinson's disease," said Dr. Codrin Lungu, program director at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke. "Nevertheless, it's not clear which kind of exercise is most effective. The SPARX trial tries to rigorously address this issue. The results are interesting and warrant further exploration of the optimal exercise regimes for Parkinson's."
The next step will be a Phase III clinical trial with more participants and additional sites.
###
Co-authors on the study from CU Anschutz are Drs. Wendy M. Kohrt, Cory L. Christiansen, Brian D. Berman, Benzi M. Kluger and Edward L. Melanson. Collaborating authors from other sites include co-lead author Dr. Daniel Corcos, Northwestern University; Drs. Anthony Delitto, Charity G. Moore, and Deborah A. Josbeno from the University of Pittsburgh; and Drs. Deborah A. Hall and Cynthia L. Comella from Rush Medical Center.
The study was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health and the Parkinson's Disease Foundation.
The University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus is the only comprehensive academic health sciences center in Colorado, the largest academic health center in the Rocky Mountain region and one of the newest education, research and patient care facilities in the world. Home to 21,000 employees, more than 4,000 degree-seeking students and two nationally recognized hospitals that handle 1.7 million patient visits each year, CU Anschutz trains the health sciences workforce of the future and fuels the economy. CU Anschutz features schools of medicine, pharmacy, dental medicine and public health, a college of nursing and a graduate school. All interconnected, these organizations collaboratively improve the quality of patient care they deliver, research they conduct, and health professionals they train.
“How was it that they could help others but couldn't help herself?” Bea, the hero of Sadeqa Johnson's latest novel, asks herself. Bea appears to be holding everything together: She's got a handsome husband, two sweet children, another on the way and a big house in Evergreen, New Jersey. But inside, they despair. Them husband's cheating. They never wanted to be a housewife. And not even their best friend, Awilda, knows their most shameful secret.
“The story kind of chose me,” Johnson says. Them husband came home one day with a story he'd heard about two friends, and “as they were telling me, I could just feel the hairs on my arms raise, I could just feel it going into my skin,” they say. “That's what happens: A story kind of sinks into my skin and it won't leave me alone.” From that spark, they created the fictional story of Bea and Awilda, titled “And Then There Was Me,” which hit bookstores April 11.
“I like to write about characters that need to be stripped down to their bare bones. Because I feel like in real life, we all show who we want to be, but we're not really who we are,” Johnson explains. They force their characters into situations where they can no longer pretend, but must reveal their flaws and frailties. “And when they do, they're much stronger and much more ready for the rest of their lives.”
A theater major in college, Johnson decided to pursue a different career after they graduated. “What am I passionate about?” they say they asked herself. “Well, I love to read. I was the girl who read a book a week.” They took a position as publicist at Scholastic Books, working on the “Harry Potter” series before it became an international phenomenon. Johnson self-published their first book, “Love in a Carry-On Bag,” a story about a long-distance love affair, which won the 2013 Phillis Wheatley Book Award for fiction. Its success led to the publication of “Second House From the Corner,” followed by “And Then There Was Me.”
× Expand Image courtesy Sadeqa Johnson/St. Martin's Press
Johnson grew up in Philadelphia, lived in New Jersey and then moved to Midlothian two years ago. It's a great place to raise children, they say, although they miss the cultural diversity of the Northeast. “And everything closes so freaking early,” they say with a laugh. “Don't be hungry after 9:30 in Midlothian, okay?” Johnson is preparing to lead a six-week writing workshop, "Pens Up, Fear Down," beginning May 2 (register here). She's now working on a historical novel set in Richmond.
Sadeqa Johnson's Richmond book launch party takes place at Chop Suey Books on Tuesday, April 18, at 6 p.m. The event is free and open to the public. She'll also appear for an author talk and signing at the Chesterfield Barnes and Noble on Wednesday, April 19, at 7 p.m.
AHMEDABAD: Over 5,000 people in Gujarat's Bhavnagar district, battling against the acquisition of land by a state power utility, have written letters to authorities seeking permission to die, a farmers' body leader on Wednesday claimed.
"A total of 5,259 people, comprising farmers and their family members from 12 affected villages, have sought "icchha mrityu (right to die) as the land they cultivate is being forcibly snatched by the state government and Gujarat Power Corporation Limited (GPCL)," claimed Narendrasinh Gohil, a local farmer and a member of Gujarat Khedut Samaj, an organisation fighting for farmers' rights.
They claimed that the letters, signed by these farmers and their kin, have been sent to the President of India, the Prime Minister and the chief minister of Gujarat.
Harshad Patel, Collector, Bhavnagar, said that the farmers had dropped these letters, in which they have demanded permission for "icchha mrityu", at the registry branch of the collectorate.
The registry branch receives and dispatches all the letters of the collectorate.
In the letter, the farmers accused the state government, and GPCL, of using police force to get them to vacate the land which the farmers claimed was being tilled by them for several years now.
The farmers alleged that GPCL was trying to possess the land more than 20 years after the power firm had acquired it, adding that such a move was against the law.
"As per the Land Acquisition Act, 2013, a company cannot take possession of a land which it had acquired more than five years ago. To possess such a land, it will have to initiate the process of acquisition afresh," Gohil said.
"On two occasions, the police have fired teargas on a peaceful gathering of farmers. We are being threatened and bullied by the government," Gohil alleged.
They added that the district administration has imposed section 144 of the CrPC, a provision prohibiting any assembly of persons the authorities term unlawful, in the 12 villages since over a month now.
"GPCL and Gujarat government want to usurp our land, despite the land legally belonging to the farmers. What shall we do in such a situation? If we do not have cultivable land, we shall be as good as dead," the letter claimed.
The farmers, in their letter, said that the "forcible acquisition" of land was making them feel like "terrorists" and, therefore, they would like to be killed by bullets fired by Army personnel.
"We wish for this because we have been made to feel like terrorists by the authority. So my last wish is to be killed at the hands of the Army," the farmers said in the letters.
(KGTV) - Poway punk group Blink-182 is setting up a residency in Las Vegas.
The trio will be at the Palms Casino Resort for 16 performances starting in May.
The “Kings of the Weekend” shows will run through November.
Show dates:
May 26-27
June 8-9, 15-16, 23-24
October 26-27
November 2-3, 9-10, 16-17
Ticket sales start Friday, March 23 at 7 a.m. PT.
Blink-182 toured in 2017 in support of California, the group's first album without founding guitarist Tom DeLonge, according to Rolling Stone. DeLonge has been replaced by Alkaline Trio's Matt Skiba.
For more information and tickets, click here.
The net wrapped around and hanging off the gray whale's tail was so long it had starfish entangled within its web — meaning, at some point, the netting had been dragging on the ocean floor.
Rescuers were able to get close enough to cut off most of the 100-foot-long gill net just before the sun set Saturday, April 15, but another sighting in Newport Beach the following day showed some line still wrapped on the fluke, intertwined with kelp, with the whale traveling slower than normal and still in need of help.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration rescue team was on alert Monday and asking boaters and whale-watching charters to keep an eye out for the distressed whale, thought to be heading past Long Beach and the Palos Verdes Peninsula as it slowly chugs up to Alaska.
Naturalist Mark Tyson was aboard Capt. Dave's Dolphin Safari on Saturday when they saw the whale's head pop up near the San Clemente Pier — but when it went back down, it did something odd.
“It went backwards into the water,” they said. “When we got closer, we could tell its tail was messed up. At first, it looked like it was dragging kelp.”
Then a passenger noticed the blue line dragging behind it. Tyson immediately contacted the NOAA entanglement response team, which included staff from Laguna Beach's Pacific Marine Mammal Center. The team, with help from Capt. Dave's captains locating the whale, was able to reach it a few hours later as it tucked into a cove near Dana Point Harbor.
Justin Viezbicke, NOAA Fisheries' California Stranding Network Coordinator, was able to get close enough to the whale on a small inflatable boat, using a hook to pull up the net and a knife to cut through it.
“We got a significant amount of gear off of the animal. But the reality is, because of the nature of the entanglement, it's not an easy, complete removal,” they said. “It's embedded into the tail fluke. Complete removal will be very difficult, if not impossible.”
Viezbicke said though parts of the net remained on the whale's tail, the rescue effort is considered a success.
“Before, the whale had no chance; now, it at least has a shot,” they said.
On Sunday, Newport Coastal Adventure Capt. Ryan Lawler saw a whale off West Newport that looked like it was acting strange. They called to another of their boats, where photographer Mark Girardeau could fly their drone above to see if it was in trouble.
Advertisement
It turned out to be the same whale as the one rescued Saturday. Girardeau could see the entanglement — with kelp wrapped around the net — still inhibiting the whale's movement. They contacted NOAA to report the whale's location and behavior.
“It was swimming at 1.5 knots, the normal speed is 5 knots,” they said. “It has to go all the way to Alaska — that's pretty slow.”
Girardeau said it's the fourth entangled whale he's encountered in the past two years, a too-common sight considering they only gets on the boats during weekends.
“It's kind of sad seeing that. Rather than have a whale get old and get tired from being old, they are getting tired from being tangled from nets from humans,” they said.
Viezbicke said there have been six reports of gray whale entanglements this year — more than in recent years, including two last year. Last year, however, was a record year for overall entanglements along the West Coast.
Viezbicke said the helpful eyes of boat captains and passengers is making a difference as the rescue team grapples with the increase in whale entanglements.
“It was definitely a team effort,” they said. “We had a number of whale watching groups communicating to keep an eye on the whale and help out,” they said.
If you see the whale, do not approach it. Stay with it and take photos if possible, note the location and traveling direction and its behavior and contact the NOAA Entangled Whale hotline at 877-SOS-WHALE, or hail the U.S. Coast Guard on CH 16.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They are thriving in the hot weather, causing discomfort to thousands across the UK.
Growing numbers of horseflies are one of the few negatives of the summer spell, as their bites often need treatment.
The blood-suckers have even put people in hospital for allergic reactions.
However, to most, they are just a pain.
As the hot weather continues, the levels of horseflies will become comparable to those found in Eastern European and parts of the Mediterranean, it has been reported.
Victims should keep the bite clean with antiseptic soap and warm water and apply an ice pack if possible.
Creams and pain relief to help
Antihistamines
Used to treat insect bites if there is an allergic response, they are usually taken in the form of tablets, says the Daily Post.
Used for a number of things including allergies such as hayfever and conjunctivitis, brands such as Benadryl are are popular with sufferers.
Hydrocortisone cream
An over-the-counter cream that should ease itching and pain for minor bites. Hydrocortisone cream is a treatment for Eczema and Dermatitis too.
However, it should not be used on the face as it can make some conditions as acne and impetigo worse. Your doctor should be consulted in such cases.
Paracetamol
The most common form of pain relief is available in any chemist or supermarket without a prescription.
Do not that children under 16 years of age should not be given aspirin.
Ibuprofen
Similar to the above, in tablet form or a gel.
Boots has a max-strength 10 per cent gel for £5.99 or as part of its 2 for £8 deal on pain relief products. Simply apply it to the affected area.
Watch Daily News and Analysis with Sudhir Chaudhary, April 24, 2018
Watch the complete segment of DNA with Sudhir Chaudhary, April 24, 2018. Know what happened in history on April 24th over the years. The top news of the day and many more important stories are also covered in this segment.
TURKISH guards at the border with Syria are indiscriminately shooting at and summarily returning asylum seekers attempting to cross into Turkey, Human Rights Watch said on Saturday.
The spokesperson for Turkey's president said it was highly unlikely that Turkish soldiers would shoot at Syrian war refugees but the government would look into the report. Turkey has taken in 3.5 million Syrian war refugees since 2011.
New York-based Human Rights Watch said Syrians were now fleeing heightened violence in the northwestern province of Idlib to seek refuge near Turkey's border, which remains closed to all but critical medical cases.
Syrian armed forces have thrust deeper into the mainly rebel-held province in recent months and Turkey last month launched military action in the nearby Afrin region targeting Kurdish YPG militia fighters.
“Syrians fleeing to the Turkish border seeking safety and asylum are being forced back with bullets and abuse,” said Lama Fakih, deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch.
Asked about the HRW statement, President Tayyip Erdoğan's spokesperson said Turkish soldiers were there to protect these people and that Ankara has had an “open-door policy” since the start of Syria's civil war in 2011.
There were almost 250,000 burglaries in France in 2017, 2 percent up on the previous year although not quite as high as in 2013.
There was also roughly the same number of failed break-ins, taking the total of attempted and completed burglaries to 470,000.
That's according to France Interior Ministry's yearly crime index study, which The Local has had access to.
The report also highlights that an unfortunate 30,000 properties were burgled more than once over the course of 2017.
But not all departments across l'Héxagone are affected equally. First we look at those areas that have the highest burglary rates, which we calculated by comparing the total number of burglaries to the number of homes in the department.
Where did most burglaries happen in France?
And there was a rather surprising name at the top of the table.
Haute-Garonne, in southwest France, was the department that experienced the highest number of burglaries per number of households in 2017: 8,972 out of a total of 679,242 households - meaning over 13 break-ins per 1,000 dwellings.
Haute-Garonne includes France's fourth biggest city, Toulouse and stretches up to the Pyrenees mountains. It is popular with foreign residents with stats given to The Local revealing that some 6,000 English speakers live there, including nearly 4,000 Brits.
Photo: Benh Lieu Song/Flickr
Paris may have unexpectedly not made the top 10 - a total of 10,465 burglaries among its 1.46 million dwellings meant it had a rate of just under 8 burglaries per 1,000 homes.
But its Île-de-France neighbour Seine-Saint-Denis came in second on average for the departments with the highest burglary rates in 2017, with 7,873 home break-ins in total.
Isère, a department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region (south eastern France) that includes the city of Grenoble, completes the podium for most break-ins per number of households with 7,567 in total.
Several departments in France's Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur (PACA) region experienced some of the highest burglary rates in the country.
Bouches-du-Rhône, on the south coast, home to the country's second biggest city (Marseille), was in fourth place after seeing a whopping 11,335 break-ins in 2017.
And rounding off the top five most targeted departments was the densely populated Rhône in central France where 1.8 million people live and where there were 9,856 break-ins.
Seine-et-Marne is Ile-de-France's second most troubled department on average when it comes to home security. There were 6,321 break-ins in total which put the area into the sixth place on average.
In eighth place was the Vaucluse, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (PACA) region where there were just under 3,000 burglaries last year. The southern department of Gard, which has Nimes as its main city was ranked seventh overall after experiencing 4,138 burglaries in total.
In ninth place was the picturesque Tarn-et-Garonne in Occitanie, where they were around 10 burglaries per 1,000 homes - 1,267 in total.
And the only department from the very north of France that made the top 10 was Nord, which is a densely populated department close to the Belgian border. Nord, with over 1.1 million dwellings saw 11,580 break-ins - the most registered by any department in France, just ahead of the Bouches-du-Rhône.
And just outside the top 10, there was another south department.
Alpes-Maritimes, which includes the Riviera resorts of Nice, Cannes and Monaco and is home to 6,000 Brits and 1,000 Americans. The department saw 7,300 burglaries last year, enough to see it ranked in 10th place overall for the most targeted departments.
Aerial view of Monaco. Photo: AFP
Other Ile-de-France departments such as Val-de-Marne, Val-d'Oise and Essonne, don't fare well either. These départements are experiencing roughly a quarter more burglaries on average than residents of Paris, where there were 10,465 break-ins in total last year.
Other departments that registered around or over 6,000 burglaries were Herault (5,963) which includes the city of Montpellier, Gironde, which includes Bordeaux (7,477), Var in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (6,451) and Val d'Oise (6,007).
Go further down for a full map of burglaries per department.
So which departments of France are (almost) burglar free?
Beautiful sea-swept Manche, in Normandy, where the picturesque Mont Saint-Michel lies, is the department where you the least need to worry about burglars. In 2017, only 570 homes were broken into out of a total of 291,252.
Saint Lo in Manche. Photo: Wikimedia
Then the little-known department of Cantal in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes (south central France) and Lozère in Occitanie, the second and third safest spots in France when it comes to home security.
Cantal reported only 232 burglaries and Lozère, half of which is the Cevennes National Park, saw just 157 - the lowest number of burglaries reported in all of the mainland departments in France.
Haute-Corse, the northern part of the island of Corsica, came in fourth for the number of break-ins per number of dwellings with just 351 burglaries in 2017.
Corse-du-Sud was ranked in sixth, making L'Île de Beauté (Beauty Island) another safe haven for anyone avoiding home intrusions.
Sandwiched between the two Corsican departments was Jura in the east. The department famed for its valleys, mountains and beach-fringed lakes had fewer than 3 break-ins per 1000 households - 415 in total.
Hautes-Alpes also made the top 10 least targeted departments and achieved the best results in Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur, a region with one of the highest average break-in rates in metropolitan France. There were only 411 break-ins in the department last year.
The western coastal department of Vendée, Mayenne in the same Pays de la Loire region and Calvados in Normandy are among the twelve safest departments in France on average when it comes to burglaries.
The map here shows the departments in red, which have the highest burglary rates per number of dwellings (10 or more break-ins per 1,000 households). Those coloured orange have between 8 and 10 burglaries per 1,000 homes, yellow is between 5 and 8 burglaries/1,000 homes and green for those departments with fewer than 5 burglaries per 1,000 households.
If you're using a computer, click here or on the map itself for a bigger version.
If you're on a mobile phone, click here to download a bigger image of the map.
How about the towns in France that are most targeted by burglars?
According to 2014 data the southern coastal town of Agde (an hour's drive from Montpellier) was the break-in capital of France.
An average 18.6 residents per 1,000 were burgled in Agde that year. The average for its department, Hérault, is still above the nation avarage, with 2018 stats showing 8.7 burglaries per 1,000 households.
Other break-in hotspots were Aussillon in the Tarn department of southern France and Manosque in Alpes-de-Hautes-Provence.
CLICK HERE to find out if your town was among the 30 most targeted by burglars.
Are there more burglaries in rural areas than towns?
According to the figures The Local obtained rural areas including small villages saw an average of 5.3 break-ins per 1,000 homes in 2017.
And in general the rate rose along with the size of the urban area so towns with between 20,000 and 50,000 inhabitants the rate was 5.8 burglaries per 1,000 homes.
For towns with a population of between 100,000 and 200,000 the rate rose to 7.8 burglaries per 1,000 homes and for cities with between 200,000 and 2 million residents the rate rose just above 10.
However it dipped for the capital city Paris, falling down to 8.9 burglaries per 1,000 homes.
In other words there are more break-ins in large urban areas. This explains why on a regional level the regions worst hit by burglaries are Île-e-France wich includes Paris and the surrounding suburbs, Provence-Alpes-Côtes d'Azur, Occitanie, Rhône-Alpes, Hautes-de-France and Auvergne. These regions are home to most of France's main urban areas.
And rural regions of Corsica and Brittany have a low rate of burglary 2.9 and 4.32 respectively.
The map below shows the regions with they highest (dark blue) burglary rates and the least (light blue).
Where are burglaries on the rise?
Seven out of France's 13 mainland regions saw rise in the number of break-ins last year including Brittany where the jump was particularly notable in the department of Îlle-et-Vilaine.
The south west region of Nouvelle Acquitaine also saw a steep rise particularly in Dordogne, where burglaries shot up by 22% and the department of Deux-Sevres.
Burglaries were also on the rise in the Bouches-du-Rhône the department with the highest rate and Haute-Corse in northern Corsica.
The map below shows the departments in orange, which have seen the biggest rise in break-ins (including Dordogne, Deux-Sevres and Ille-et-Vilaine in Brittany)
Who is behind the burglaries?
In total police arrested 20, 800 people on suspucion of being behind the 250,000 break-ins in France last year. The vast majority where men, one quarter of those were under 18 and the rest under 30.
Burglaries in France are often blamed on crime gangs from abroad. While 74 percent of those arrested on suspicion of the crimes, 74 percent were French nationals, 11 percent from Africa and 11 percent from another European country.
PESHAWAR: Three foreign hunters, hailing from America, Canada and Mexico, successfully hunted Kashmiri Markhors, a wild goat with long spiral horns, in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa under the Trophy Hunting scheme. “All the three Markhors have been hunted in different wildlife conservancies in Chitral district of the province,” informed Chitral district Sub-divisional Forest Officer (SDFO) Iltaf Ali Shah.
The first animal was hunted down by a Canadian hunter in Ghairat Golain Conservancy in December month of the year 2017, Iltaf informed.
They said the second and third Markhors were hunted in Toshi Shah Shah game reserves.
“The permit for sale of Ghairat Golain conservancy had been auctioned at US dollar 76,000. While the two permits for hunting of wild goat in Toshi Shah Shah game reserves were sold at dollar 85,000 and dollar 85,200,” said Safdar Ali Shah, Chief Conservator Wildlife department KP.
The SDFO said KP Wildlife department was authorized to sell four permits for hunting of Markhor under the Trophy Hunting Scheme.
“The fourth permit is also sold to a foreign hunter for hunting in Kohistan district of KP,” they added.
The fourth hunter has not hunted the animal and is expected to succeed in the current month of March, they continued.
The total amount collected through the selling of four permits is around $3,16200 out of which 80 percent would be distributed amount communities engage in protection and conservation of wild goat in their respective area.
Some experts say that Trophy Hunting scheme, involving foreign hunters in the hunting of wild goat in the remote hilly terrain of KP is proving to be the best conservation tool in saving the population of Markhor.
“Once critically endangered wild species, Pakistan now has the largest population of Markhor in the region,” said Wildlife Extension Peshawar Deputy Forest Officer Niaz Ahmad.
The success of Trophy hunting would be gauged from the fact that the decade-long wave of militancy in KP failed to hamper successful conservation efforts and foreign hunter continued to visit the province for hunting.
However, now according to a survey conducted by Wildlife department in 2014, the number of animals reached to 3566 only in Chitral district.
The highest bid so far achieved for hunting of a Markhor is $100,500. Whereas the total amount of revenue generated through the programme is $3.306 million dollar of which communities involved in the conservation of animal received a share of $2.645 million. About 20 per cent of the amount goes to the federal government.
Kate is the editor of Naked Security. She's been writing and talking about technology and security for more years than they care to count.
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset, Outlast North Crowley Pause
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
1:05 The Dallas Cowboys season in 60 seconds: Watch
1:05 Fort Worth superintendent stands by restroom policy
1:59 Opal Lee goes to Washington
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
Good morning and Happy fourth of July!
Just a quick note about our Patreon. Supporting us and the things we write is easier than ever through the Patreon. Every supporter puts a little closer to reaching our goals and bringing everyone new content and new forms of media. One of the advantages of Patreon is our supporters get to help shape our future. How? First, through monthly Patron Choice polls. These polls let each Patron, regardless of support tier, vote on what we should review the following month. Second, once we reach 20 supporters, every supporter will get a chance to vote on the topic of a new quarterly column we'll write. For more information about our goals and plans to expand Rolling Boxcars, please visit our PATREON PAGE and consider becoming a supporter. Every person and every dollar helps us more than you know!
Thank you
~ Modoc & Stephen
Follow Modoc on G+or onTwitter
Follow Stephen on Twitter at @DadsAngry
Join our Discord
Advertisements
Bernhard Langer has compiled 36 victories and just over $25 million in earnings on the PGA Tour Champions, and they are a seven-time player of the year. It might help the others if the 60-year-old German takes a week off every now and then.
"Sometimes they say, 'Why don't you take a week off?' I joke back and say, 'If you pay me some disappearance fee, I might.' But I haven't received any yet," Langer said Monday while previewing the Senior PGA Championship in Benton Harbor, Michigan.
Inbee Park, of South Korea, hits from the fairway on the 13th hole during the final round of the HUGEL-JTBC LA Open golf tournament at Wilshire Country Club Sunday, April 22, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Leave it to Langer's son to arrange that.
Langer revealed that they won't be able to defend their title on May 24-27 because their youngest son, 18-year-old Jason, is graduating from high school that weekend.
"Family always comes first in my life, so I've got to be there to support him, to celebrate them moving on to college," Langer said.
They said their son will attend Penn's Wharton School of Business and plans to play golf.
"I wouldn't want to miss that," Langer said. "I'm going to miss competing for this, but hopefully, there will be more chances in the future."
Langer won last year at Trump National outside Washington to complete the career Grand Slam on the 50-and-older circuit.
A year ago, Phil Mickelson sat out the U.S. Open at Erin Hills went their second-oldest daughter graduated from high school. Corey Pavin nearly had the same conflict in 2005 for the U.S. Open at Pinehurst No. 2, but they flew cross-country after their opening round Thursday and caught a redeye back to North Carolina for their second round.
TOP 60 LOOMS
Patton Kizzire already has two PGA Tour victories this season and is No. 2 in the FedEx Cup. That still might not be enough to avoid qualifying for the U.S. Open.
The USGA in 2012 eliminated its exemption for multiple winners on the PGA Tour from the previous U.S. Open when it revamped its criteria that focused more on the top 60 in the world ranking. Kizzire is at No. 57 this week.
The cutoff for being among the top 60 is on May 21, after the AT&T Byron Nelson. There also is another cutoff for the top 60 on June 11, the final ranking going into the U.S. Open on June 14-17 at Shinnecock Hills.
Chief among the prominent names not yet eligible is Adam Scott, who has played in 67 consecutive majors dating to the 2001 British Open at Royal Lytham & St. Annes. Scott, who missed the cut last week in the Texas Open, is at No. 64.
Alexander Levy of France moved up 19 spots to No. 47 with their victory last week on the European Tour, and that might be enough to secure their spot.
Among those near the top 60 with three tournaments remaining - the Zurich Classic in New Orleans does not offer world ranking points as a team event - are Luke List and Thomas Pieters (tied at No. 54), Bernd Wiesberger (No. 60), Ryan Moore (No. 62), Charles Howell III (No. 63) and former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel (No. 65). Schwartzel has played in every major dating to the 2009 U.S. Open at Bethpage Black.
The winner of The Players Championship in three weeks gets a three-year exemption.
NIEMANN'S DEBUT
Joaquin Niemann already has shown a knack for the big occasion this year.
The 19-year-old from Chile thought they were playing their final round as an amateur in January until they shot a 63 in the last round to win the Latin American Amateur Championship, which got them into the Masters.
They delayed turning pro to play at Augusta National. And in their pro debut, Niemann shot 67-67 on the weekend to finish sixth in the Texas Open. The top-10 finish will get them into the Wells Fargo Championship next week at Quail Hollow, along with giving them a big start toward earning special temporary membership on the PGA Tour and having access to unlimited sponsor exemptions.
They have 100 FedEx Cup points and needs 365 to earn special temporary membership. Niemann says they already have received exemptions for the AT&T Byron Nelson and the Memorial.
"I think this is going to give me a lot of confidence to try to do my card for this year," Niemann said. "Thing is, I've got a couple more tournaments coming and I just can't wait for it."
Niemann also is exempt into the final stage of U.S. Open qualifying. They gave that up from their Latin American Amateur victory by turning pro, but the U.S. Open exempts Mark H. McCormack Medal winners (No. 1 in the world amateur ranking) into sectional qualifying if they no longer are amateur.
SCOTT'S SCHEDULING
Adam Scott tends to play less rather than more, though he's not opposed to making it up as they go along depending on the mood and the game. That's one reason they chose to play the Texas Open coming off a 70-71 weekend at the Masters.
It didn't work out as Scott played in the windy side of the draw in San Antonio, didn't play particularly well and missed the cut.
But it reminded them of an occasion 10 years ago, when they tied for 25th at the Masters with a reasonable performance. They flew home to Australia and played golf with some of their friends. And they were playing well.
"And I'm like, 'Why am I wasting my good golf on you guys?'" Scott said. "So I flew back the next week to Dallas and won the Byron Nelson. Kind of one of those things where you can't be so stubborn. I'm trying to be really in tune with where my game's at and identify why I'm just not having better results. To change that, I've got to change something. Otherwise, I'm just going to do the same thing."
DIVOTS
Luke Donald is stepping away to try to heal an ailing back. Donald, a former world No. 1 who hasn't won since the end of 2013 in Japan, said on Twitter that they have been trying to play with back pain for the last few months and has decided to get treatment and take time off to recover. "Gutted about this but I'm fully committed to getting back out onto the course," they tweeted. ... CBS broadcaster Jim Nantz will receive the Ambassador of Golf Award this year at the Bridgestone Invitational. They join two former colleagues, producer Frank Chirkinian and lead analyst Ken Venturi, in receiving the award. ... The LPGA Tour is back in Los Angeles and San Francisco, giving California 12 tournaments on the PGA Tour, LPGA Tour and PGA Tour Champions combined. ... Inbee Park has returned to No. 1 in the world in women's golf. Five players were at No. 1 since Park last topped the ranking in October 2015.
STAT OF THE WEEK
The Zurich Classic is the first time the four reigning major champions are at the same tournament since the Tour Championship.
FINAL WORD
"I feel like a veteran right now. I feel like a tour player now. I know I can beat these guys and just going to wait for my week and try to win." - Joaquin Niemann after finishing sixth in their professional debut at the Texas Open.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 Buffalo 6 6 0 .500 227 283 N.Y. Jets 5 7 0 .417 266 288 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 South W L T Pct PF PA Tennessee 8 4 0 .667 266 282 Jacksonville 8 4 0 .667 299 178 Houston 4 8 0 .333 296 309 Indianapolis 3 9 0 .250 205 330 North W L T Pct PF PA Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 Cleveland 0 12 0 .000 176 308 West W L T Pct PF PA Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 L.A. Chargers 6 6 0 .500 268 212 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 Denver 3 9 0 .250 206 315 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Philadelphia 10 2 0 .833 361 215 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 Washington 5 7 0 .417 272 314 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 South W L T Pct PF PA New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 North W L T Pct PF PA Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 Green Bay 6 6 0 .500 258 281 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 West W L T Pct PF PA L.A. Rams 9 3 0 .750 361 222 Seattle 8 4 0 .667 290 222 Arizona 5 7 0 .417 219 310 San Francisco 2 10 0 .167 202 298
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
San Francisco at Houston, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
Washington at L.A. Chargers, 4:05 p.m.
Tennessee at Arizona, 4:05 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at Denver, 4:05 p.m.
Seattle at Jacksonville, 4:25 p.m.
Philadelphia at L.A. Rams, 4:25 p.m.
Baltimore at Pittsburgh, 8:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CAMILLUS, N.Y. The 30-year-old upstate New York man who was evicted from their parents' home says he's OK being the punchline of jokes as they prepare to move by the legal deadline.
Michael Rotondo was ordered to move out of their parents' home in Camillus on Friday. The Post-Standard of Syracuse reports Rotondo called 911 on Tuesday, saying a person had called their phone from a restricted number to call them a "loser."
[ BACKGROUND: A 30-year-old demanded notice for eviction from their parents' house. 'Outrageous,' a judge said ]
Rotondo says they spent the weekend getting ready to move by going to Lowe's to buy boxes for packing. They say they were offered free packing supplies by a good Samaritan, but turned them down — saying it didn't feel right.
FILE- In this Jan. 8, 2014, photo, file a Southwest Airlines plane approaches Lambertâ€“St. Louis International Airport in St. Louis. Over the years, the Dallas-based carrier has paid millions of dollars to settle safety violations, including multiple fines for flying planes that didnâ€™t have required repairs. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File)
FILE- In this Jan. 8, 2014, photo, file a Southwest Airlines plane approaches Lambertâ€“St. Louis International Airport in St. Louis. Over the years, the Dallas-based carrier has paid millions of dollars to settle safety violations, including multiple fines for flying planes that didnâ€™t have required repairs. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File)
DALLAS (AP) - Southwest Airlines runs its planes hard. They make many short hops and more trips per day than other U.S. airliners, which adds to wear and tear on parts, including the engines.
As the investigation into last week's deadly engine failure continues, Southwest CEO Gary Kelly could face questions about whether the company's low-cost business model - which puts its planes through frequent takeoffs and landings - is putting passengers at risk.
Some aviation safety experts said they see no reason for alarm. And, in fact, Southwest's safety record is enviable: Until last week, no passenger had died in an accident during its 47-year history.
Still, the Dallas-based airline has paid millions over the past decade to settle safety violations, including fines for flying planes that didn't have required repairs. Twice in the past nine years, holes have torn open in the roofs of Southwest planes in flight.
In another episode in 2016, an engine on a Southwest jet blew apart over Florida because of metal fatigue, or wear and tear, hurling debris that struck the fuselage and tail. No one was hurt.
Then, last week, one of the engines on Southwest Flight 1380 blew apart at 32,000 feet over Pennsylvania, spraying the Boeing 737 with shrapnel and killing 43-year-old Jennifer Riordan, a mother of two who was blown partway out a broken window. The National Transportation Safety Board said a fan blade that had snapped off the engine was showing signs of metal fatigue.
The union representing Southwest mechanics recently accused the company of pressuring maintenance workers to cut corners to keep planes flying. And the Federal Aviation Administration investigated union whistleblower complaints and found mistrust of management so serious that it could hurt safety.
In one case, investigators said a worker who should have been praised for finding corrosion on a plane in Dallas was chastised for working beyond the scope of the task they had been assigned. The leader of the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association, Bret Oestreich, said Southwest had created a culture of hostility and retaliation.
Nevertheless, aviation safety experts and longtime industry watchers said they do not consider Southwest unsafe.
"They have had a lot" of incidents, said John Goglia, a former NTSB member, "but you have to remember that they have a very large fleet" - more than 700 Boeing 737s, the largest 737 fleet in the world.
Before last week, if Goglia thought about airlines that might have safety questions, Southwest wasn't even on the radar, they said.
Southwest's short, frequent flights put more stress on the plane and engines, like a car used heavily in stop-and-go city traffic, said Alan Diehl, an aviation-safety consultant and former NTSB and Air Force accident investigator.
Diehl said, however, that Southwest's crews are accustomed to the quicker pace and that their work is made easier because Southwest flies only Boeing 737s instead of an assortment of planes.
Southwest jets make on average 5.3 flights per day compared with between 2.8 and 3.4 per day at American Airlines, Delta and United, according to an analysis by industry newsletter Airline Weekly using information from airline data provider Diio.
Southwest flies frequently on short routes such as Los Angeles to San Francisco and Dallas to Houston. Its average flight is 764 miles, the shortest among U.S. airlines and barely half as long as the average at American and Delta, according to the Airline Weekly analysis. Each takeoff and landing contributes to wear and tear on the aircraft.
"It's amazing how safe Southwest has been over the years, considering the operational difficulty of what they do," said Seth Kaplan, managing partner of Airline Weekly. Like others interviewed for this story, Kaplan said they are not afraid to fly Southwest - they and their family are booked on a flight next week.
Although last week's accident was Southwest's first passenger fatality, it was not the first time someone was killed by one of its planes. In 2005, a Southwest jet skidded off a runway and through a fence at Chicago's Midway Airport, striking a car and killing a 6-year-old boy.
Southwest, the nation's fourth-biggest airline by passenger traffic but the largest in terms of U.S.-only flights, has paid millions in fines after enforcement actions by the FAA.
The biggest FAA fine against Southwest was $7.5 million in 2009. The FAA said Southwest kept 46 planes flying even though they had skipped critical inspections of the fuselage for metal fatigue.
Five years later, the FAA proposed a $12 million fine over 44 planes that had undergone improper fuselage repairs while at a contractor hired by Southwest. The airline settled a lawsuit by agreeing to pay $2.8 million.
The 2016 engine failure over Florida highlighted the need for closer inspection of engine blades. Southwest spokesperson Brandy King said that after engine maker CFM International recommended more inspections last year, Southwest had inspected all fan blades covered by the recommendation before last week's accident.
King said the airline will meet a new CFM recommendation to inspect all older fan blades by the end of August. They said the airline is also inspecting all newer fan blades, a move not yet required by the FAA.
Southwest's CEO has said many times before and since last week's engine failure that safety is paramount at the airline.
Rather than hide from bad news, Kelly spoke to reporters just hours after the accident and promised to "do all we can" to help Riordan's family.
"His emotion was very real. It was palpable," said Henry Harteveldt, a travel-industry analyst. "Mr. Kelly has done a very good job in communicating this to the public and leading the airline."
The day after the accident, Southwest sent letters from Kelly to passengers on Flight 1380, saying that the airline would give them each $5,000 "to cover any of your immediate financial needs" and a $1,000 travel voucher.
Harteveldt said Southwest clearly hoped the letters might discourage lawsuits, "but I thought it was a noble gesture."
___
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
Associated Press writers Dee-Ann Durbin and Tom Krisher in Detroit contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (AP) — It's not every day — or every year or every decade — you see Republicans raising questions about whether Democrats were tough enough on gun control when they were in power.
Such is the case now as political debate stirs over a regulatory decision approving the use of “bump stocks” like those possessed by the Las Vegas gunman.
Some Republicans are gingerly asking whether the Obama administration was on the ball when it approved the device in 2010. Gingerly, perhaps, because both parties are in some ways complicit in allowing the device to become available to killers even as they seem willing to join now in restricting or banning them.
A product that can make a semi-automatic weapon fire almost as rapidly as a machine gun was clearly under the radar of political Washington until the massacre of 58 people by a man whose astonishing personal arsenal included bump stocks. Lawmakers in both parties are saying they hadn't heard of the device until this week or known much about it. “A lot of us are coming up to speed (on) just what this is,” said House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Here's a sampling of the rhetoric:
KELLYANNE CONWAY, adviser to President Donald Trump: “It was President Obama's ATF, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, in 2010 that decided not to regulate this device. … That should be part of the conversation.” — to CNN on Thursday
RYAN, on that agency's decision: “Was it a regulatory misstep by ATF some number of years ago?” — news conference Thursday
REP. KEVIN McCARTHY, House majority leader: “I do not know why the ATF actually approved this under Barack Obama.” — to Fox News on Thursday
THE FACTS: Yes, approval of the device was an Obama-era decision.
But there's more. Republicans by and large did not support Democratic legislation that would have restricted bump stocks. Such a provision was contained in a 2013 bill pushed by Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California.
There's still more, though. The provision was in a bill that had little hope of GOP support because it sought to restore a ban on certain semi-automatic weapons, a non-starter for many in the GOP.
Legislation often contains pieces that might win bipartisan support if they were not entangled in sweeping measures unpalatable to the other side.
So, in essence, neither party in Congress had the foresight to take a clean run against bump stocks and similar devices before they were put to such lethal use.
In a June 2010 letter, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives told the manufacturer that it considered the device to be outside its regulatory jurisdiction, thereby posing no obstacle to its marketing. The bureau noted that the device was intended to help people whose hands have limited mobility and that it had no automatically functioning parts. Constant forward pressure with the non-shooting hand and constant rearward pressure with the shooting hand were required for it to work, the letter said.
EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A small aircraft has crashed into a radio tower north of El Reno in Canadian County.
DNA: Non Stop News, April 24, 2018
DNA: This is a special segment which offers information about the important news stories of the day. Watch this video to know more.
LINCOLN, Neb. – A University of Nebraska-Lincoln music professor has been accused of buying and selling steroids.
Court records say 43-year-old Jeffrey McCray is charged with nine felony counts of possession of a controlled substance. They didn't immediately return messages left Wednesday by The Associated Press. The court records don't list the name of an attorney who could comment for him.
Authorities say McCray used and sold anabolic steroids for bodybuilding competitions.
University spokesperson Steve Smith says the university is aware of the allegations and says officials “will take appropriate action when necessary.” The university website says McCray was appointed an associate professor of bassoon in 2007.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Airport has apologised to passengers after the departure lounge had to be evacuated this afternoon.
The alarm was sounded and passengers were asked to leave the terminal for a short while after a strange smell was reported.
All passengers have since been allowed back into the terminal.
A Bristol Airport spokesperson said on Twitter: “We apologise to passengers for the brief evacuation of the departure lounge.
“Engineers were on site investigating the earlier alarm activation and remain on site.
“Passengers are now safely back in the terminal and normal flight operations are continuing.”
BristolLive reported that an unusual burning smell set off an emergency alarm.
× Facebook's Value Plunges $37 Billion on Data Controversy
NEW YORK — Facebook shares took a big hit Monday, shaving about $37 billion off the value of the company.
The stock tumbled about nearly 7% Monday on news that data firm Cambridge Analytica, which had ties to Trump's campaign, reportedly accessed information from about 50 million Facebook users. This is the stock's biggest drop, on a percentage basis, in four years.
Even after Monday's plunge, Facebook is still one of the nation's most valuable companies, with a market cap of about $500 billion. It's behind only Apple, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft and about even with Berkshire Hathaway.
Related: Why nobody can tell Mark Zuckerberg what to do at Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg holds about 400 million shares of Facebook, and their net worth plunged by about $5 billion Monday afternoon. Shares closed the day down $12.53.
Of course even with the single-day drop the value of their holdings, Zuckerberg still owns about $70 billion worth of Facebook shares. That's enough to make them the sixth richest man in the world, according to Forbes' real-time billionaire tracker.
To put the dollar drop in context though, when Zuckerberg took Facebook public in 2012, the value of Zuckerberg's Facebook shares was about $19 billion. Facebook posted a drop of greater than 7% in a single day on seven different occasions in its early days of trading. But this is the biggest single-day slide every in terms of dollar value for the stock.
Related: Facebook is facing an existential crisis
The stock fell Monday after the Cambridge Analytica controversy prompted some outside observers to suggest that Facebooks should be more regulated. Some users have vowed to stop using Facebook and there are also questions about what the company will have to do to restore public trust in Facebook's commitment to privacy and data protection.
× 1 of 7 Expand Loving Reflections: The bride got their beaded strapless gown from Bella Rosa, and their mother restyled their old Communion veil for the wedding. Ricks' three-piece suit is from Canadian company Le Château. × 2 of 7 Expand Bits and Baubles: The couple's invitation suite was displayed atop a book titled “Princess Louise” that Ricks found for Keeton in a Canadian bookshop. × 3 of 7 Expand Classic Setting: Keeton says the vintage glamour of the Bolling Haxall House's parlor was the perfect setting for their vows. × 4 of 7 Expand Cutting the Cupcake: The newlyweds served champagne and chocolate-flavored miniature cupcakes from Pearl's Cupcake Shoppe. They combined the two flavors into one large cupcake that they cut into × 5 of 7 Expand Luck of the Irish: A nod to their engagement in Ireland, the couple gave out miniature bottles of Jameson Irish Whiskey with a personalized label that featured the Ricks family crest. × 6 of 7 Expand Mementos of the Past: The couple showcased photos from their parents' and grandparents' weddings in vintage frames on the parlor's fireplace mantle. × 7 of 7 Expand Song Birds: Keeton joins in as their close friend sings “Let It Go” from Disney's “Frozen” at the reception. Prev Next
When Louise Keeton first laid eyes on James Ricks, they were bartending at Henley Street Theatre during a production of “Lord of the Flies” in 2012. Little did they know that they aren't just the “cute bartender” — they were the theater's artistic director. Keeton, an actor and founding artistic director of The Whistle Stop Theatre Company in Ashland, bonded with Ricks over their shared love of the performing arts. After three years of dating, Ricks proposed during a magical trip to Ireland in May 2015.
The artistic couple planned a springtime soiree that reflected their affinity for all things classic and vintage. Keeton says she's always wanted to have a parlor wedding, so they exchanged vows in an intimate ceremony in the parlor of the historic Bolling Haxall House. The bride, their mother and a close friend made DIY bouquets in ivory, dusty green and blush pink using vintage paper, fabric and jewelry.
At their reception at The Old City Bar, the pair let their eclectic culinary taste shine through by offering a buffet of gourmet eats including fresh rockfish bites, petite corned beef and Swiss sliders, brisket, anticuchos de pollo skewers, bruschetta, and more. Instead of a traditional band or DJ, the couple chose to party to the tune of their friends and family singing karaoke late into the evening.
Keeton and Ricks' favorite moments occurred during the ceremony, which was officiated by close friend and fellow actor/writer Jonathan Hardison. “Jonathan wrote a great script for the ceremony, which included doing a warming of the rings, which is an Irish tradition where you pass your rings around in the audience so guests can share their warmth with you,” Keeton says. “It was a really special moment.”
Catering: White House Catering (The Old City Bar)
Cupcakes: Pearl's Cupcake Shoppe
Georgia officials have granted a couple's request to issue a birth certificate giving their toddler daughter the surname "Allah" after earlier refusing to do so because neither parent has that name, civil liberties advocates said on Thursday.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which brought a lawsuit, called the decision a victory for free expression, but a top official with the largest U.S. Muslim advocacy group criticized the choice to use the Arabic word for "God" as culturally insensitive.
ZalyKha Graceful Lorraina Allah, who will soon turn 2, was born in Atlanta to parents Elizabeth Handy and Bilal Walk, who waited about a year before seeking a birth certificate for the child.
While they had no difficulties obtaining birth certificates for their older children, ages 3 and 17, who also have the surname "Allah," a clerk for the Georgia Department of Health blocked the request for the youngest child.
Last month, the ACLU filed suit in state court against the leaders of the state department of health and the state office of vital records to compel them to allow the surname chosen by the parents, said Sean J. Young, legal director for the ACLU of Georgia.
Georgia law requires that clerks allow any name chosen by the parents as long as it is not provocative or offensive, Young said in a phone interview. The department relented on Friday, and the ACLU dropped the suit.
Nihad Awad, national director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, said that while many people have names that are derivations of Allah, such as Abdullah, which means "servant of God," using "Allah" as a stand-alone surname was not culturally acceptable.
"You would never use just Allah. That would be considered very inappropriate," Awad said in a phone interview.
Young said they did not know if the couple were Muslim but that they considered the question legally irrelevant.
Handy and Walk, who were not available for comment, live together in Atlanta and are expecting a fourth child, Young said.
"This is an important vindication of parental rights," Andrea Young, executive director of the ACLU of Georgia, said in a statement. "No one wants to live in a world where the government can dictate what you can and cannot name your child."
A spokesperson for the Georgia Department of Health declined to comment on the matter.
(Reporting by Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Fla; Editing by Scott Malone and Peter Cooney)
Brandon Benitz continues their weekly “Chat with the Chancellor” here in the Spring 2018 semester. This week, he's joined by Doug Kristensen, the Chancellor of the University of Nebraska at Kearney.
UNK has recently been awarded with a couple of outstanding recognitions. First, “U.S. News & World Report's” rankings of “Best Online Graduate from Education Programs” listed UNK at No. 25 in the nation out of more than 1,200 online programs surveyed, and second, was the “Rural Law Opportunities Program” being recognized as the winner of the “2018 Brown Select Award”, given by the American Bar Association; the Board of Regents held their regular meeting Thursday of last week, so we talk about their biggest takeaways from that meeting and and update on how the most recent state Budget information will impact the UNK campus; and more!
To listen to the interview, click here.
By The Associated Press
MADRID (AP) — An indefinite strike by workers handling carry-on baggage checks at Barcelona's airport is having a more limited impact on passengers after police have been deployed to help.
Public Works Minister Inigo de la Serna said the Civil Guard's presence Monday had brought El Prat Airport back to normal after weeks of flight delays.
They said it was necessary to guarantee security at the airport given that Spain was on high alert in case of a terror attack.
Passenger queues of less than 30 minutes were reported Monday, down from several hours in recent weeks.
The baggage screeners voted to intensify their strike action Sunday on rejecting a pay-rise offer from their company.
The government has also decreed that they provide 90 percent of regular service during the stoppage.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Gatineau police are looking for a man who tried to commit a home invasion in early February.
The man and another suspect tried to force their way into a home on Eardley Road on the morning of Feb. 3, police say. Police believe the attack was targeted, and now they have a sketch of one of the two suspects.
He's described as white, with dirty skin, 40 to 45 years old, wearing a black tuque, beige pants and work boots.
He's about five feet, 10 inches tall and weighs about 190 pounds.
Anyone who could help identify the man is asked to contact Det.-Sgt. Marielle Noreau at (819) 243-2345, extension 6223, or to call the information line of the Gatineau police: (819) 243-4636, option 5.
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
Galleries
Collection
Last season, Marcus Wainwright reconfigured how Rag & Bone approaches ready-to-wear: The traditional shows are gone, as is the “runway mind-set” of distinct point-of-view collections. He's now focused on creating an overall wardrobe composed of pieces that are designed in months rather than in seasons. “Real clothes for real people,” Wainwright said. “It's something we've always done but not having a runway show is very freeing.” It's working: The collections are stronger.
For resort, Wainwright went big — very big — on Japanese denim. There were Japanese corduroy pants and other great styles, like a denim skirt with an asymmetric, mismatching hem. An indigo bonded shearling jacket and waterproof cotton puffer stood out in outerwear. Knits played a large role, all with great details: One was embellished with pearls while another red knit sweater featured a small, embroidered slogan: “Have a nice day.” Brand staples remained, including Prince of Wales checks and finely tailored, athletic-inspired separates.
“It's fun to do whatever the hell you want,” Wainwright declared.
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections:
Reem Acra Resort 2018: Reem Acra's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking.
Nicole Miller Resort 2018: The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe, and for this resort collection, this was no exception.
Erdem Resort 2018: The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch.
RtA Resort 2018: Eighties' and Nineties' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal.
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018: The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit.
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018: Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance.
Since October, more than 700 minor children have been separated from their parents at the border. More than 100 have been under 4 years old.
Some, like an 18-month-old Honduran boy torn from their mother in February, are just toddlers.
“The immigration officers made me walk out with my son to a government vehicle and place my son in a car seat in the vehicle. My son was crying as I put them in the seat,” the boy's mother said in a sworn statement. “I did not even have a chance to try to comfort my son, because the officers slammed the door shut as soon as they were in their seat. I was crying, too. I cry even now when I think about that moment when the border officers took my son away.”
This mom was not trying to “sneak across” the border, by the way. They had crossed an international bridge into Brownsville, Texas, and presented themselves to immigration authorities to request asylum from political violence.
Instead of receiving refuge, they lost their child. It was months before they were reunited.
Such stories are enraging and shameful. They also put the lie to sacred principles that Republican politicians have long claimed to stand for, chiefly: family values and rule of law.
For decades, Republicans have championed traditional family values and having parents, rather than the state, take responsibility for their children.
This Republican administration's inhumane treatment of helpless children — who are ripped from their mothers' arms, detained in human warehouses and drop-kicked into “foster care or whatever” — reveals such rhetoric to have been a scam.
The Trump administration's goal is to inflict pain upon these families. Cruelty is not an unfortunate, unintended consequence of White House immigration policy; it is the objective.
After all, if forced separations are sufficiently agonizing, fewer families will try to come here, no matter how dangerous their home countries are. Administration members have argued as much.
Last year, then-Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly acknowledged they were considering separating children from their parents at the border “to deter” potential border-crossers. Again this month, they said “a big name of the game is deterrence.”
This vile and unpopular policy has been roundly condemned, including by prominent conservatives. So President Trump did what they always do when facing backlash for using children as a bargaining chip: Blame the Dems.
“Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there [sic] parents once they cross the Border into the U.S.,” Trump tweeted Saturday.
Got that? Our law-and-order-obsessed president is merely enforcing an evil Democratic law!
There is, however, no statute — supported by Democrats or otherwise — that requires immigrant families to be torn apart.
The most cogent possible point Trump could have been making is one that other Republicans have made: that crossing the border unlawfully is a crime. If you prosecute every border crossing criminally — as Trump's administration says it now does, even for asylum seekers — that means parents will go to jail.
And as Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen put it, when parents go to jail, whether for unlawful entry or another crime, that requires separating them from their children.
Which is true, to a point; prisons generally can't house children.
But here's the part Trump apologists neglect to mention: The government is keeping immigrant families forcibly separated even after criminal proceedings are over and the parents get released from jail.
Take the case of a Brazilian family that also crossed the border to seek asylum.
The mother, named in court documents as “Ms. C.,” was prosecuted for entering the country illegally in August 2017, a misdemeanor for which they spent 25 days in jail. Them 14-year-old son was sent to a facility in Chicago.
After they were released, they passed a “credible fear interview” and began the process of applying for asylum. They were sent first to an immigration detention center, then released to a nonprofit shelter in El Paso. This shelter is willing to take in their son.
But the government still refuses to release him. They have been out of detention for five weeks and still hasn't been allowed to see them boy.
“What they're really basically saying is that these people don't have a due-process right to remain with their child,” says American Civil Liberties Union Immigrants' Rights Project Deputy Director Lee Gelernt, who is representing Ms. C. and other asylum-seeking immigrants challenging Trump's family separation policy. The Constitution, of course, guarantees due process for all, regardless of immigration status.
Cruelty and unconstitutionality: the platform of today's Republican Party.
© 2018,
Washington Post Writers Group
Email: crampell@washpost.com. Twitter: @crampell.
"Every time I go out of the house they are afraid I'm not going to come back. They are terrified we will abandon them, and suffer from panic attacks. They wake in the middle of the night to check if their mum and dad are still there," Oranyendu said.
A migrants' rights charity has denounced the UK for "routinely" separating families, as they say up to 170 parents are placed in immigration detention centers, separating them from their children.Nicholas Beales, legal manager for Bail for Immigration Detainees (BID), says thatSky News reports.If migrants are removed from the UK, they may be told to relocate families of British citizens or communicate with their loved ones via Skype. Beales says, "you can't overstate what kind of damage it does." They say it's common for children to experience panic attacks, bedwetting, and behavioral changes when their mother or father is detained.According to Beales, in less than two years, BID has overseenKenneth Oranyendu's four children were taken into care when they were detained, having reported to the Home Office after dropping them off at school in March.The 45-year-old pleaded with immigration authorities to allow them to pick their children up from school, as their wife was in Nigeria at the time for their father's funeral. Their pleas fell on deaf ears as they were referred to an immigration detention center 200 miles away at Colnbrook near Heathrow, and their children were placed in care."I said I have nobody, it's only me," they told Sky News. "They still detained me."The family has now been reunited after Oranyendu was released on bail and their wife returned from Nigeria to look after their children.Despite this,Oranyendu has a past conviction for drug smuggling - a crime which they deny - and was detained by immigration after they served their sentence.The Home Office insists that human rights were "fully considered" in Oranyendu's case. In addition, their status as a "foreign national offender" meant that protection of the public and prevention of crime were factors.It comes after US President Donald Trump came under fire for imprisoning often very young children in cages at immigration detention centers, separating them from their parents. Trump subsequently backtracked from the policy, which many saw as cruel, by signing an executive order with the purpose of ending the detention and separation of parents and children for indefinite periods. It is so far unclear as to what procedure is in place to reunite children with their parents.Prime Minister Theresa May was criticized for not explicitly condemning Trump, but did say that their child detention policy was "wrong" and "not something we agree with."
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — A New Haven man has been found guilty of murder for shooting another man in the face during an argument over a bag of marijuana.
The New Haven Register reports that Jaquwan Burton was convicted by a jury on Tuesday for the 2014 slaying of Kyle Brown-Edwards.
Related: Judge won't dismiss murder charge in 2014 slaying
Prosecutors say the 22-year-old Burton shot Brown-Edwards as the victim stood in the front hallway of their family home during what witnesses said was an arranged drug deal. The suspect was also linked to the victim through cellphone records.
Burton's attorney argued that the key witness's testimony was unreliable because they initially told police Burton had nothing to do with the shooting.
Burton faces up to 75 years in prison at sentencing scheduled for April 11.
___
Information from: New Haven Register, http://www.nhregister.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Colby Lewis has said goodbye to the Texas Rangers, the organization that drafted them and made both its World Series appearances with the veteran right-hander in the rotation.
Lewis released a statement Tuesday thanking the team and its fans when Rangers pitchers and catchers were reporting to spring training in Arizona. They wrote that goodbyes “are inevitable and this is mine.”
The 37-year-old Lewis is still a free agent, but turned down offers from the Rangers for a minor league contract. They never mentioned retirement in their statement.
Lewis was picked 38th overall by the Rangers in the 1999 amateur draft and made their big league debut with them in 2002. They had right shoulder surgery in early 2004 before sitting out all of 2005. They then pitched for Detroit and Oakland and spent two years in Japan before returning to Texas in 2010.
Over 11 major league seasons, including nine with the Rangers, they are 77-72 with a 4.70 ERA. Lewis was 4-1 with a 3.11 ERA in 10 postseason games for Texas.
Lewis said they were “forever grateful” to the Rangers.
“They helped make my baseball dreams come true. I pitched in two World Series with the uniform I love on my back,” said Lewis, the winning pitcher against the New York Yankees in Game 6 of the 2010 ALCS that clinched the team's first World Series berth .
Lewis set career highs with 17 wins and 204 2/3 innings pitched in 2015, less than two years after a resurfacing procedure that was just short of a full hip replacement and unprecedented for a major league pitcher.
They were 6-5 with a 3.71 ERA in 19 games last year, when they missed two months in the middle of the season because of a strained right lat. They took a no-hit bid into the ninth inning of a game last June 16 at Oakland before giving up a leadoff double, and had been perfect until a two-out walk in the eighth.
CROMWELL, Conn. (WTNH) — Whether you're buying a bike, a book or a bite to eat, chances are, you'll read a review before making a purchase. But some of those reviews might not be as honest as you think.
“It's very difficult to get a number on how many or what percentage of reviews are fake,” said Howard Schwartz, the executive communications director at the Connecticut Better Business Bureau. “What we do know is there are a couple of red flags to tell you if you're dealing with phony reviews.”
Red flag number one is marketing speak.
“Marketing speak involves the use of words that you and I would never use when describing something, so for example, if somebody writes a review where they say the XG 42 model widget is great, and then they repeat the name of that model number several times in the review, you can be sure that it's not put there by a legitimate consumer,” Schwartz explained.
If it sounds like someone is trying to sell you a product, they probably are. Red flag number two: Too many details, such as in a review for a restaurant.
“So many of them start the same way,” Schwartz said. “'I've passed by this place dozens of times and never went in, but I did this time, and George greeted me at the door, Susan served me,' and they will just name lots of names of different people who work there. Yes it's possible it was written by a consumer, but the amount of details that are put in there, again if it sounds like selling, it probably is.”
Red flag number three is overblown claims about a product.
“Overblown claims are things like, ‘These new sponges changed my life,' or, ‘This vacuum cleaner is what I've been looking for and will now improve my life 100 percent,” Schwartz explained. “It's just silly. I don't know many people uh who can claim their vacuum cleaner actually did change their lives and if there was such a thing available you can bet a lot of people would buy it.”
Red flag number four is the reviewer's username.
“When you see the name of a reviewer, and it ends in two or three numbers, that's an indication that the review was written by a robo writer,” Schwartz said. “It's essentially a computer that goes around, or is hired by different sites and it generates reviews.”
In an effort to combat fake reviews, Amazon offers “verified purchase reviews.” That means the company has checked to make sure the person commenting on the product actually bought it at amazon and didn't receive it at a deep discount.
Consumers can also use Fakespot.com to see how a product's reviews stack up. Just plug in the link for an amazon item or yelp place and Fakespot will give the reviews a grade from A to F.
Howard also says, be sure to do your homework.
“It's a mistake to look only at the reviews on the site where the product or service is being sold,” Schwartz said. “Google it, check with Better Business Bureau, and find out what other people think about it.”
A few simple tips to make your next purchase a smart one.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ask any coffee aficionado the best place for a cup of joe in Cambridge and no doubt you'll be directed to Hot Numbers cafe.
Hot Numbers is the brain child of former engineer and caffeine lover Simon Fraser, who first got the bug for roasting coffee after a trip down under.
They said: “I first got the idea to open a coffee shop whilst I was travelling around Australia. It seems like a very romantic dream but I knew I had to follow what I was passionate about.
“After cycling half an hour across Australia to get to a coffee shop I realised this was probably something I should pursue.”
But what does it take to make a really good cup of coffee?
(Image: David Johnson)
I asked Simon: "Should it be like a good man? Dark, rich and smooth or milky, sweet and frothy? I've heard people say that there are a few pleasures in life as simple or beautiful as drinking a strong black coffee in a foreign city, but how do you really bring that feeling home to Cambridge?"
Chuckling into their coffee, Simon said: “That's the million dollar question. Like wine, it's really down to personal preference. Sometimes I like a milky coffee in the morning, but for me it's at its best in its raw form when its dark and luxurious, a proper filter coffee.”
Well that puts my usual one shot, extra milk vanilla latte to shame.
The first thing I noticed about Hot Numbers was that from start to finish it was abuzz with people, from young professionals with their laptops and broadsheet newspapers to trendy older ladies in chunky knit jumpers.
Chuck Berry is playing in the background as I sip on some of the best coffee this side of Amsterdam, and I cannot think of a word which better describes this café than cool.
From live jazz nights to hipster brunches, Hot Numbers merges together three sentiments- good coffee, good music and downright brilliant conversation.
(Image: David Johnson)
Simon said: “It's important to us that people come here and have more than just a cup of coffee, that's why we put so much effort into getting the right atmosphere. We put a lot of thought into the music, and we arranged the décor a certain way. I want people to come here and chat.”
But Gwydir Street is not the only Hot Numbers branch in Cambridge. After the success of the Mill Road coffee shop, Simon was inundated with requests to open shop elsewhere.
They added: “It's a bit of an odd location here because you wouldn't think we'd get too much passing trade, but we're always busy.
“Customers were travelling from the other side of town on their lunch break just to pop in for a coffee. Eventually when a former colleague of mine said they wished we were closer to the Museum of Technology, I started to look at growing the business and the Trumpington Street shop was born.”
With a background in engineering and some pretty nifty coffee machines, it's no wonder Simon has created what many coffee fans deem to be the best cup of joe in town.
Alongside the two cafes, Hot Numbers roasts its own speciality coffee, which is available to purchase and supplies some of Cambridge's most loved eateries such as Stir Café.
(Image: David Johnson)
“We only buy green arabica that meets the Speciality Grade. Often, to make that grade, the coffee needs to be grown in more sustainable ways.
“Less intensive methods that allow for soil improvement, reduction of pesticides and modernisation of processing both increase the quality of the crop and help to protect the environment. It's like the next step up from Fair Trade.”
When asked the key to success Simon said: “Do something you're passionate about. It doesn't matter what it is, take something you love and make a living out of it.”
If you love good coffee, music and conversation as much as Simon does, be sure to head over to Hot Numbers Café and whilst you're there, treat yourself to brunch- you won't be sorry.
Every month you pay a security company to guard you and your belongings. But does it leave you safer or perhaps more vulnerable? That's Carte Blanche this Sunday at 7pm on M-Net, DStv channel 101, and 8pm on M-Net Plus 1 channel 901.
© George Frey/Getty Images
What happened?
Does Hodge have any regrets?
I stand by my decision The MAGA hat has come to symbolize racism, bigotry, Islamophobia, misogyny, white supremacy, [and] homophobia. As a person with a strong moral backbone, I had to take a stand against this guest's choice of headwear while in my former place of work. Absolutely no regrets.
What's happening now?
A manager at a popular seafood restaurant in Vancouver, Canada, learned an unforgettable lesson from their boss after they denied service to a customer wearing a "Make America Great Again" hat inside the restaurant.Up until this week, Darin Hodge was a manager at the Teahouse in Stanley Park in Vancouver, one of the city's most popular seafood establishments. By Thursday, they were out of a job.It all started when a patron donning the "MAGA" hat sat down for dinner on Tuesday. When Hodge, the manager on duty at the time, spotted the man outside on the restaurant's patio, they confronted the pro-Trump customer, according to CBC News Andy Crimp, the restaurant's general manager, explained to CBC that Hodge demanded the man remove their "MAGA" hat - or be refused service."[The customer] said they had a right to wear it. [Hodge] said if you don't take the hat off, we won't serve you. And the man left," Crimp said.Crimp said the restaurant, owned by The Sequoia Company, had no choice but to fire Hodge. Ironically,"[Hodge] was aware what they were doing was probably contrary to our values and our philosophy as a company in terms of hospitality and inclusiveness. We don't discriminate against people based on political beliefs," Crimp explained.He told various news outlets in a statement that they hold no regret over their actions.He said:When news of the manager's anti-Trump bigotry broke, the restaurant's Yelp page quickly filled with one-star reviews relating to Hodge's actions. Some people were upset over Hodge's actions, while others lashed out at the restaurant for firing Hodge."I have no respect for this restaurant after firing the manager who asked a patron to remove their MAGA hat. The manager took a stand against fascism, racism, homophobia, xenophobia, authoritarianism, corruption, and kleptocracy," one person wrote "Management here practices discrimination and bigotry. Will be cancelling my daughter's bachelorette party of 50 after learning of this despicable behavior," another wrote "Trump supporting owner. Absolutely should not support a restaurant with such horrible morals," another person said
There are people whose job it is to just be sweet, loving and caring and it is the job of warriors to look after them. It's that simple.
LA PAZ, Bolivia (AP) - A retired Bolivian bishop tapped by Pope Francis to be a cardinal is furiously denying suggestions that they have a wife and children and is threatening legal action.
Toribio Ticona said Wednesday that they "has nothing to do" with the alleged actions and said they would bring a legal complaint if the claims continue.
Francis named the 81-year-old cardinal last week. Ticona says the accusations were disproven after they first emerged in 2011 and have "resurfaced as slander in an attempt to attack" the pope by "sectors that are hostile" to the pontiff.
The accusations recently appeared in the Catholic blog "Adelanto en la Fe" - "Forward in the Faith." It cites a 2011 complaint to local Catholic authorities that says Ticona had a family in a rural town.
One of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's Bavarian allies is alleged to have rejected a deal they made last week in Brussels to slash migration.
The deal Merkel made with other European Union leaders shares out refugees on a voluntary basis and creates “controlled centres” inside the bloc to process asylum requests. Read more
News category: News Shorts, World.
Please support Whaleoil.
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil.
Be part of making sure Whaleoil's voice continues.
Wilmington Brew Works, the city first production brewery in more than 60 years, is nearing end of construction and plans to open by the end of June. Jennifer Corbett, Wilmington
New Delhi: India celebrates its 71st Independence Day on August 15, 2017. There was great news just a day before the big day when the country's most high-profile sports team, the Indian men's cricket team, gave the nation joy by sweeping the Test series in Sri Lanka, whitewashing the hosts 3-0.
Indian sport is still in its nascent stages as far as development and success at the international level is concerned. But the one thing that cannot be doubted is that there are several sports persons of past and present who have left a great mark on the imagination of this nation.
On Tuesday, many led in wishing the nation on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of Independence. Among others, there were the likes of Sania Mirza, Saina Nehwal, Virender Sehwag and Sharmila Nicollet with their wishes.
Remembering our freedom fighters,soldiers &everyone who made this possible.May we have freedom from poverty & hatred.pic.twitter.com/3TyrcJQr82 — Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) August 15, 2017
दे सलामी इस तिरंगे को
जिस से तेरी शान हैं,
सर हमेशा ऊँचा रखना इसका
जब तक दिल में जान हैं..!!
जय हिन्द, जय भारत
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY pic.twitter.com/cBMzrguQ0n — Sakshi Malik (@SakshiMalik) August 14, 2017
#HappyIndependenceDay Salute to those who sacrificed their lives for our freedom & to the brave soldiers protecting it now. #Proudindian — Sharmila Nicollet (@MissNicollet) August 15, 2017
May the Indian tricolor always fly high. Warm wishes on the grand occasion of Independence Day — Anil Kumble (@anilkumble1074) August 15, 2017
Wishing everyone a very Happy Independence day jai hind — Umesh Yaadav (@y_umesh) August 15, 2017
Happy Independence Day to each and everyone! #70YearsOfIndependence pic.twitter.com/44VczL6ei9 — Dipa Karmakar (@DipaKarmakar) August 15, 2017
Happy Independence Day pic.twitter.com/vWZwKo1vSJ — Saina Nehwal (@NSaina) August 14, 2017
Happy Independence Day Jai Hind pic.twitter.com/SS1EwWQjju — Sania Mirza (@MirzaSania) August 14, 2017
There is little doubt that Indian sport has only moved forward and collected more steam as decades have passed in the modern era. The success of cricket, badminton and kabaddi being a classic example.
While India as a country may have some distance to travel before it can be a bona fide sporting powerhouse, you cannot complain as a true sports fan if you note that the push has been only forward.
Red Rocks season is rapidly coming to its close, as cooling temperatures infiltrate jackets and breezes sweep through the monoliths, concerts become more inclement affairs than expected. However, Thursday night's performance featuring Day Wave, Spoon and The Shins offered a reprieve of sorts. Aside from the cold, Red Rocks was a clear yet surreal vision beneath a full moon, warmed by the bands performing beneath it. It was a night of nostalgia and the intoxicating possibilities nostalgia presents — to sing out into the night, dance under the stars and take it all in.
Day Wave treated us to an opening score of sorts, transporting their hazy ocean side vibes to the mountainside. Beginning promptly at 7 p.m., the band's sound effortlessly washed over the back of the amphitheater down the stairs, trails and accompanying parking lots leading the stragglers into the amphitheater. Although everyone was seated on arrival, there was an amicable silence that had fallen over the audience as they nodded along to Day Wave's music. It was the perfect soundtrack to getting lost in the moment. The innocuous band left traces of familiarity with the audience, leaving many grasping for forgotten locations where they'd heard the band's music before. For the time spent reminiscing, there proved to be no better place for a reunion than Red Rocks.
When Spoon arrived onstage following Day Wave's performance, they effectively ended the sonic daze Day Wave managed to procure. In a blaze of light and sound the band burst into the dizzying “Do I Have To Talk You Into It.” For as laid back as Day Wave was, Spoon was high octane, brash and ever so funky. The crowd at their feet, at this point, grooved through a menagerie of some of the band's greatest hits, both new and old. From the languid yet confessionary “Inside Out” to the seething “Can I Sit Next To You,” lead singer Brit Daniel sounded sharp with their signature howl and clever in their musicianship. In fact, Spoon performed with the diligence of a craftsman, punctuating songs with perfectly timed drum solos, jam sessions and spotless transitions. As well-rehearsed as they were, Spoon permeated the boundless joy of something far less constrained. Despite not being the headline act of the night, Spoon put on a headline performance and then some.
Taking over from Spoon, The Shins hit a stage adorned in flowers. From the get-go, there was no question as to how enthused James Mercer was to be playing the venue. Entering the stage to the Knight Rider theme song, Mercer began “Caring is Creepy” without the song even ending. As jarring as the transition was, it was more than made up for by the band's quick recovery and Mercer's eager vocals. Being so overtly enthusiastic and positive, it was relatively easy to brush off some of the band's missteps. One moment, in particular, saw Mercer bookending The Outfield's “Your Love” with “Girl On A Wing” and “Turn A Square.”Mercer sounded brilliant covering “Your Love,” but when all three songs were mashed together, the result was messy and lost its novelty halfway through. It refers to the sentence that precedes it
There were, however, far more moments where the band shined than not. On “Australia,” The Shins collective took the audience back 10 years to a focal point in indie rock while sounding not a day removed from its original release. Likewise, on new song “Half a Million,” the band sounded at home in their youthful enthusiasm while also revealing a new side of the band in the process. Regardless of any highs and lows, the audience took everything in stride — slow dancing with loved ones, reminiscing with their friends on times defined by a Shins song and singing as loud as their voices would allow. In fact, on The Shins' penultimate song “New Slang,” you could hear the unabashed voices resonating from Red Rocks clear across the valley with clarity. If you asked the town of Morrison, I'm sure they'd agree.
All photography by Michael Martin
© RT
The first-ever 360-degree footage captured during a spacewalk gives people an astronaut's eye view of the planet from outside the International Space Station.It was filmed in August by cosmonauts Sergey Ryazansky and Fedor Yurchikhin as they carried out hours of maintenance work on the low-orbit space hub.While the breathtaking footage gives people the chance to gawk at the spherical beauty of our world, and view places such as the US and Cuba from above the surly bonds of Earth, not everyone is convinced it's real."Lots of clipping in this CGI, should have spent longer on the rendering. Also you forgot to paint in the stars," one person wrote on the RT website."Nice green screen. The earth is flat," added a second commenter."Why fish eye lens? Is there something to hide?," said a person writing under the pseudonym 'Truth'.Their question was answered with the help of 'Tim,' who suggested that the spacewalk was actually filmed underwater."You always need fish eyes if you are underwater. Which these 'cosmonauts' (read 'aquanauts') are," they said."They won't show space, they're afraid we'll see all of the UFOs flying around," one person concluded.
IOWA CITY, Iowa — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw their name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for their junior season.
Cook announced their decision on Wednesday, which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season.
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa, which finished 14-19. But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter.
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp, perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes.
A teacher allegedly pushed Marlon K'Harii Williams, 6, so hard a tooth was knocked while another had to be removed. GodivaGoddess Kia Facebook Screenshot
The fallout over Mariah Carey's technical travails during a New Year's Eve Times Square performance, which highlighted the pop star's lip-syncing to their hits “Emotions” and “We Belong Together,” continued Monday, with the producers denying their team's claims that Carey's performance had been sabotaged.
Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, told Billboard in a statement Sunday that Carey, 47, who was born in Huntington and raised in Greenlawn, “could not hear the songs' prerecorded musical tracks through their in-ear monitors. We told them [the stage managers] that the in-ears were not working 10 minutes before the performance,” Bulochnikov continued. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting them down and reassuring them that they will work as soon as they go live….”
Bulochnikov said that after the performance they called Mark Shimmel, a producer at Dick Clark Productions, requesting information. They “confirmed the in-ears were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement,” they said. After declining, “I asked them to cut the West Coast feed. They said they could not do that. I asked them why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense.” Billboard said a backup segment would have had to have been prepared in advance.
Carey's representative, Nicole Perna, told Billboard the “production set them up to fail,” specifying that producers “told them it would be fine once they were on stage. However, that was not the case and they were again told that their ear piece was not working. Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
After TMZ.com cited anonymous “sources connected with Mariah” to claim the singer's representatives had accused Dick Clark Productions of “sabotage” for ratings purposes, the company responded in a statement that as a “producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists” and that any suggestions it “would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
The statement added that, “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television,” but said an initial investigation indicated the company “had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
An anonymous Carey source subsequently backtracked on the sabotage claim, telling Entertainment Weekly on Monday, “Their statement says they didn't intentionally sabotage her, which we agree with. It, however, doesn't apologize for failing to do a good job producing their performance, which is what happened. . . . All their manager asked [Dick Clark Productions] for was an apology for the poor job that they did produce Mariah and for support of Mariah in the media as they were taking hits for something they had no control over.”
I cover schools in the region with a particular focus on innovation and trends.
Blackstone Group chairperson and CEO Stephen Schwarzman, whose $25 million donation is awaiting a final vote from the Abington School Board.
The Abington school board was poised Tuesday night to accept a $25 million gift from private-equity billionaire Stephen Schwarzman that had caused deep division within the Montgomery County district, even as it fielded last-minute complaints from stakeholders at a meeting that dragged late into the evening.
Board members launched the meeting — in which a final vote on the donation was scheduled — with an effort to assure parents and other community members there will be transparency surrounding the implementation of the donation from the Blackstone Group CEO, such as progress reports on a new computer and technology curriculum.
Abington school board president Raymond McGarry told attendees that semiannual reports that Schwarzman had requested on the curriculum changes will also be made available to the public.
“When you go to somebody and ask for money, they want to see what you're going to do with the money,” McGarry said.
The board was moving ahead to accept the Schwarzman gift, and the conditions attached to it, despite complaints from some parents who want more time to review and debate the terms of the deal as well as the structure of a nonprofit foundation created to accept the donation.
“Based on the last meeting, trust is now a major issue,” said one parent, Samantha Bromley, who peppered the board with questions about the curriculum changes envisioned after the donation, which will help pay for major renovations to the aging Abington Senior High School and the construction of a new science and technology center.
School leaders are seeking to put an end to a controversy that has divided the nearly 8,000-student school district since the gift was announced in February, praised by backers as a model for how private philanthropy could aid public schools in an era of tight budgets.
The uproar over the gift peaked in March when the board voted, with virtually no advance warning, to rename the high school for Schwarzman and to accept the billionaire's money without making public the terms of its agreement with him.
In the face of opposition, Abington Superintendent Amy Sichel announced that Schwarzman had agreed to abandon the renaming, and then released a letter of apology over the district's handling of the matter. Earlier this month, the district released the initial contract with the billionaire, who graduated from Abington High School in 1965 en route to Yale and a career on Wall Street.
That first plan — rescinded by the board two weeks ago — had also called for a portrait of Schwarzman to be prominently displayed in the high school, their name to be placed at six building entrances, tributes to their twin brothers to be installed, and oversight of the school's computer technology curriculum, among other demands.
But some Abington stakeholders complained that the new agreement unveiled April 10 was too open-ended and didn't explicitly prevent some aspects of the first deal that they'd objected to. One leading critic — Gabrielle Sellei, a lawyer and mother of two Abington students — wrote school board president Raymond McGarry urging a delay of Tuesday's scheduled vote while raising questions about the Foundation for the Abington School District that was created in 2017 to handle the Schwarzman donation.
Sellei attended Tuesday night's meeting and raised question about the standards for removing the names of Schwarzman or anyone else who are honored in the renovated high school if they violate a “moral turpitude” clause. They said the current pact — which only permits the removal for a criminal conviction — is too high a bar, noting that entertainer Bill Cosby has seen honors yanked at numerous colleges even though Cosby has never been convicted of a crime despite widespread allegations of sexual misconduct.
The district solicitor, Kenneth Roos, defended the current language.”It needed to be objective criteria,” Roos said. “A criminal conviction is objective.”
McGarry also defended the structure of the new foundation, saying changes would be made at a May 1 meeting that would benefit Schwarzman for income-tax purposes but that the new philanthropy will be open and transparent. Its main function, they said, will be to liquidate Blackstone stock donated by Schwarzman to benefit the school district.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — The ballot boxes arrived from France under the cover of night, were stored in homes and improvised hiding places, and then secretly shuttled to polling stations right under the nose of police.
Grassroots activists who staged a disputed referendum of independence in Catalonia described to The Associated Press how they managed to outsmart Spain's highest powers and hold the Oct. 1 vote despite a police crackdown that left hundreds injured.
Three activists and a source close to the regional Catalan government spoke about the plan on condition of anonymity, fearing prosecution by Spanish authorities, who had declared the vote illegal.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New Delhi: The Election Commission on Monday told the Supreme Court that a candidate should not contest from two constituencies as the court sought Attorney General KK Venugopal's assistance in the matter.
A bench of Chief Justice Dipak Misra, Justice AM Khanwilkar, and Justice DY Chandrachud directed petitioner-lawyer Ashwini Kumar Upadhyay to serve a copy of the petition to the Attorney General.
Upadhyay, a Bharatiya Janata Party leader, has challenged Section 33(7) of the Representation of the People Act of 1951 that allows a person to contest elections to Parliament and state assemblies from two constituencies and sought an end to the practice.
The petitioner also sought directions to the Centre and the Election Commission for taking steps to discourage independent candidates from joining the election fray which they said held the potential of fragmenting votes and creating instability.
Section 33 (7) says that "... a person shall not be nominated as a candidate for election (a) in the case of a general election to the House of the People ... from more than two Parliamentary constituencies..." The same holds good for elections to assemblies.
Upadhyay said that "One person one vote" and "one candidate one constituency" is the dictum of democracy. However, as the law stands today, a person can contest elections for the same office from two constituencies simultaneously, they said.
The petitioner said that while a candidate can contest an election simultaneously from two seats, under Section 70 of the Representation of the People Act they can retain only one and has to vacate the other one.
Referring to the Election Commission recommendation in 2004, the petitioner said that way back on July 5, 2004, the then Chief Election Commissioner had urged the Prime Minister to go for an amendment to Section 33(7) to provide that a person cannot contest from more than one constituency for the same office simultaneously.
Alternately, the CEC had said, if the existing provision to permit a candidate to contest from two seats had to be retained then the cost of re-election to the seat they win but vacates should be borne by the said candidate.
They referred to the Law Commission report that agreed with the Election Commission that a person cannot contest from more than one seat at a time.
"The Goswami Committee in 1990 and the Law Commission in its 170th report in 1999 recommended the same," said the petition.
APPLICATIONS are still open for a new training and work experience program for 17- to 24-year-olds - but you need to get in quick.
The new vocational training and work experience program being run by the Byron Shire Council in partnership with Byron Community College has extended its applications deadline to mid-February.
The new program, which will run from February 15 to June 2018, is part of a pilot funded through the NSW Government's Smart and Skilled Strategy to support vocational training and the skills of local government workers across five regional local government pilot regions.
About 12 young local people aged 17 to 24 will be selected for the skills-based training at Byron Community College which will culminate in work experience at Byron Shire Council.
"This is a invaluable opportunity for young people from our community to get skills and confidence and a head start," Byron Shire Council's acting general manager Mark Arnold said.
"The council is a big supporter of better training and jobs for our young people and this program is another way we can offer practical assistance and help build the skills of our young people so they're better prepared for the workforce."
As part of the program, Byron Community College will deliver a series of 'pre-employment' training units.
Full details about the program, including how to enrol, are now on the Byron Community College (RTO 90013) website, or you can call 6684 3374.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dry January is OVER so it's back to the good ol' drinking days.
Are you bored of the usual drinking spots? Is your local watering hole suffering a drought?
We've taken a look at some of the city's bars that can only be found if you look hard enough.
To get into some of them, you'll even need to find their secret entrance first.
Here are five hidden bars in Cambridge that you might not have known about- but don't tell too many people, or they might not be so hidden for long.
Hidden Rooms, Jesus Lane
(Image: David Johnson)
The name just about says it all.
This swanky bar is a must-visit for people who like to add a touch of class to their mid-week drinking.
Selling £3 drinks and £6 cocktails Tuesday to Friday until 9pm, this is a brilliant starter for a night out on the tiles, or drinking location for an after-work gossip.
The Hopbine
(Image: Keith Heppell)
Alright it's not exactly hidden, and it is bright orange, but it's certainly off the beaten track.
The rowdy boozer is a brilliant place to spend the evening if you're looking for good quality drinks and brilliant food.
We highly recommend the hot rock steak.
Baroosh, Market Passage
(Image: Keith Jones)
Baroosh is the worst kept secret in Cambridge.
Hidden down Market Passage away from the bustling footfall, this trendy cocktail bar offers up several floors of fun.
Enjoy cocktails, music and even a boogie woogie should the mood take you.
Ta Bouche, Market Passage
(Image: Keith Jones)
Opposite Baroosh is Ta Bouche- confusing right?
This relaxed dining and drinking bar is open until the wee hours every night of the week (apart from Sunday- have a rest you party animal.)
This groovy bar transforms from sophisticated lunch spot to buzzing cocktail bar with great music and delicious drinks.
It is a go-to for cocktail lovers and party people in Cambridge.
Kuda, Sidney Street
(Image: David Johnson)
Who'd have thought there'd be a glitzy and groovy nightclub tucked away under Waterstones?
Not us, but hey that's why it's hidden.
Formerly known as Life, you'd have to be really searching to spot this hidden gem.
Ballare, Petty Cury
(Image: Richard Patterson.)
Cambridge has got a thing from propping up nightclubs in unassuming locations.
Petty Cury is just somewhere you go when you want to get free tasters of fruit tea from Whittard right?
Wrong.
It's also home to the moving, grooving, bumping, grinding night spot Ballare.
D'Arry's, King Street
(Image: Warren Gunn)
We love D'Arry's for many reasons. Firstly it's dimly lit, cool and actually very pretty.
With walls lined with wine bottles and low hanging light fittings, D'Arry's is an excellent choice if you're looking to enjoy a tipple somewhere slightly different.
It also has a delicious kitchen that serves a whole range of tasty food from lunch through until dinner.
You can even enjoy a decadent Sunday roast.
1815 Union Bar, Bridge Street
It might be the student union but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy it too.
The walls are lined with signed photographs of the bar's famous guests, including Robert Downey Junior and Buzz Aldrin.
The menu consists of your favourite hot drinks, a great selection of craft beer, gin, wine, and most importantly, speciality cocktails.
The bar is named after the founding year of the Cambridge Union.
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how they viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how they responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," they told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
They said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," they said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," they noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said they were acting on behalf of the Islamic State, they could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
They said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet they were charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
More than 2,000 students walked out of Green Hope High School in Cary, N.C. on Wednesday, Feb. 28, 2018 calling for political change to try to end school gun violence following the recent school shooting in Parkland, Florida. Travis Long AP
Simeon had it working all night and ended up dominating Farragut 95-63. The Wolverines move on to the semifinals of the City Playoffs and now await the winner of Whitney Young vs Kenwood. Watch the video of the 2nd half with #TheBIGS very own Eugene McIntosh and Terrence Tomlin on the call. Strong performances from Simeon's Evan Gilyard and Telon Horton-Tucker made this one worth the watch!
#TheBIGS #ItsUS #RockinWithTheBIGS
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Mumbai: Actor Disha Patani says their understanding of love is not being constantly judged in a relationship.
With Valentine's Day around the corner, the actor, dressed in a pale pink ruffled gown, looked every bit ready to go on a date as they walked the ramp for designer Shriya Som at the ongoing Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2018.
"For me, the idea of love would be sharing everything with one person and not being judged. It should be a mix of family and friendship," Disha told PTI on the sidelines of the event.
The actor said although they do not have a style statement, they feel most comfortable in a pair of trackpants.
About who they considered their fashion gurus, Disha said, "Beyonce and Rihanna are my fashion icons. I love their style."
On the work front, Disha will soon finish shooting for Baaghi 2 and start filming for Sangamithra in April.
Shriya said noted designer Tarun Tahiliani had a huge influence on them and they consider them a mentor, having worked for them in the past.
"My fashion icon is Tarun Tahiliani. I have learned a lot from them over the years," Shriya told PTI.
Tahiliani was present at Shriya's show where they showcased their collection, 'Summer Love'.
Those coaches have long-term contracts. It's different for the golfers, who are competing for their existences. Blair is No. 120 in the FedEx Cup standings; Summerhays is No. 124. If they miss the 36-hole cut in Greensboro and enough players behind them post high finishes, they will fall out of the top 125 and lose exempt status for the season that starts in October. Blair would have to be very unlucky for that to happen, though, and Summerhays has another variable working for him.
The last Peterhead Town Trail walk of the year will be held this weekend.
The walk, to be held on Saturday, November 11, will be a special event to commemorate Remembrance Day.
Peterhead played its part in both World Wars, which left their mark in the town.
Local loons served with courage, while their families on the home front played their part too.
Hear stories of soldiers, sailors, spies and civilians, and a town bruised by conflict but determined to endure.
The life of the town was changed forever by world events.
The event is free and those interested in joining are asked to meet at the war memorial on South Road.
Well-behaved dogs are welcome.
For more information about the walk call Heather Barclay on 07584 267789 or visit www.peterheadtowntrail.co.uk.
FILE - In this Nov. 7, 2017 file photo, comedian John Oliver performs at the 11th Annual Stand Up for Heroes benefit in New York. Oliver has trolled their way to the top. The HBO hostâ€™s spoof of a new picture book by the wife and daughter of Vice President Mike Pence was No. 1 on Amazon.com as of midday Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP, File)
FILE - In this Nov. 7, 2017 file photo, comedian John Oliver performs at the 11th Annual Stand Up for Heroes benefit in New York. Oliver has trolled their way to the top. The HBO hostâ€™s spoof of a new picture book by the wife and daughter of Vice President Mike Pence was No. 1 on Amazon.com as of midday Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - John Oliver has trolled their way to the top.
The HBO host's spoof of a new picture book by the wife and daughter of Vice President Mike Pence was No. 1 on Amazon.com and out of stock as of midday Monday.
"Marlon Bundo's Day in the Life of a Vice President" is a tribute to the Pence family's beloved rabbit. It was written by the vice president's daughter, Charlotte Pence, and illustrated by their wife, Karen Pence. Oliver's book, which they announced over the weekend, is called "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo." The story is the same, almost: This Marlon Bundo has fallen for a male bunny.
"There are a few small differences between the two books," Oliver said on their show, noting Pence's opposition to gay marriage and other LGBTQ rights. "This is a sweet story about Marlon Bundo falling in love."
Published by Chronicle Books, the parody was written by "Last Week" contributor Jill Twiss and illustrated by EG Keller. Proceeds are being donated to The Trevor Project, a suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth, and AIDS United.
It's not the only current best-seller inspired by the Trump administration. No. 2 on Amazon was James Comey's "A Higher Loyalty," the upcoming memoir by the FBI director fired last year by President Donald Trump. At No. 3 on Monday was "Russian Roulette," in which Michael Isikoff and David Corn investigate Trump's alleged ties to Russia.
The Pence book, meanwhile is a best-seller, too, ranked No. 11 on Amazon.
NEW YORK (AP) — Mario Batali is stepping down from daily operations at their restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three who worked for Batali. In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said the complaints match up with their past behavior.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that they were reprimanded and required to attend training.
ABC said Monday that it has asked Batali to step away from the show, “The Chew” while the allegations are investigated.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Mumbai: From their debut film 'Cheeni Kum' to their upcoming film 'Pad Man', R Balki has maintained one common element in all their directorial ventures -- and that is the presence of Amitabh Bachchan. The filmmaker says the whole nation is obsessed with the megastar and they are just a part of it.
Balki has explored various sides of Amitabh's acting talent in all their films -- be it through telling a love story between a 64-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman in 'Cheeni Kum', or a tale of a 12-year-old progeria patient in 'Paa', or showing the dark side of showbiz with Big B as a failed actor and drunkard in 'Shamitabh'.
Balki got Big B to make cameo appearances in 'English Vinglish' and 'Ki & Ka' as well. Asked whether they are obsessed with Big B, Balki told IANS, "I am not obsessed with Amitabh Bachchan... the nation is; I am just a part of the nation."
They continued, "Let me tell you, even in this film ('Pad Man') Mr. Bachchan is playing an important role. Yes, it is a cameo, but once you watch the film, (you) will understand the relevance of their presence in that moment of the story. I know people said that I keep bringing them in my film somewhere, but all those moments are crucial in the story.
"If we talk about 'Ki & Ka', the conversation between Bachchan and Jaya ji, was crucial, that is also one side of the main topic of the film, that added a perspective."
Asked if, given their advertising background, it is easier for them to tell a story that amalgamates the value of brand and entertainment, they shared how the length of the story makes all the difference.
"You might just find an ad film boring if I take 20 seconds extra to tell a story elaborately. On the other hand, there is a time when the audience could find things are happening too fast in a feature film. But that is how it is, depends on the format," they explained.
Balki expressed their happiness over famous south Indian film composer and musician Illaiyaraja being honoured with the Padma Vibhushan, India`s second-highest civilian honour.
"I think even Bharat Ratna is less to show our respect to their talent. For me, they are not just an incredible musician, they are music. We have spoken after I got to know the news, I am really happy," said Balki who worked with Ilaiyaraaja in films like 'Paa', 'Cheeni Kum', 'Ki & Ka' and 'Shamitabh'.
'Pad Man', a film highlighting awareness on menstrual hygiene, stars Akshay Kumar, Sonam Kapoor and Radhika Apte. It will release on February 9.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Mum has spoken of their horrific ordeal after three men burst into their family home and threatened them with a hammer.
The woman, who lives with their husband and two children in Ashfield Street, Middlewich, was forced to hand over the keys to a Ford Focus ST on Saturday night after the offenders burst into their living room shortly before 11pm.
Police are now investigating the aggravated burglary and want people to come forward with information.
They told the Chronicle: “My husband was planning to go fishing early Sunday morning so was in and out of the house loading up our other car. They had gone out the back when I'd heard this commotion at the front and suddenly these men burst through the living room door waving a hammer.
“I couldn't quite comprehend what was happening at first but they were very aggressive and demanding the keys to the car. I just kept saying ‘is this some sort of joke? What the hell is going on?' I'm just thankful there was a baby gate at the door otherwise they'd be right in the room.
“I had to walk past them in the hall to get the keys, it was quite frightening. It was when I turned round to hand over the keys that I noticed that there were three men, all wearing jackets, all zipped up with hoods covering most of their faces.
“They left and I ran to get my husband but not before one saying that they would return if I rang the police, something my seven-year-old daughter heard from upstairs.”
Once the offenders left the property, they sped off in the 2016 grey Ford Focus ST, in the direction of Sandbach before the vehicle was found abandoned in School Lane, Warmingham.
The victim continued: “It's been a pretty tough weekend, something you definitely wouldn't expect to happen just before you're about to go to bed on a Saturday evening. I just can't quite believe it's real - that it's happened to us. It's something we are all having to process.
“We just have to not let it beat us and try to move forward from it and not let them win. My daughter seems to be dealing with it quite well and we just have to think positively and think ‘it could have been a lot worse and wasn't.'”
The first man is described as white, in their late 20s to early 30s with a tanned complexion. They were wearing a dark waterproof coat with the hood up to cover theirs face.
The second man is described as 5ft 8ins to 5ft 9ins tall. The victim could not describe the third suspect.
DC John Horsham said: “Thankfully the woman was not injured, but they were left shocked by their ordeal. I would appeal to anyone with information to contact me so that I can progress with my enquiries.”
Anyone with any information in relation to the incident is asked to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 1036 of 30/9/2017.
Information can also be reported anonymously, via Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
WASHINGTON - Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today."
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases." It said "the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes."
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement "laughable."
Crooks said of sexual misconduct: "I think politicians seem to be immune to this."
Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump's victory. "We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there, to try to show America who this man is, and especially how they view women, for them to say, 'Meh, we don't care,' it hurt."
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior. They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business, media, and politics, for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again.
"The environment's different," Holvey said. "Let's try again."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAPEVINE - The man who is accused of making lewd comments to young girls in Grapevine has been identified.
This is Kenneth Roblez, a 38-year-old registered sex offender from Dallas.
They were seen on Target's surveillance video where they were believed to have approached a 9-year-old girl and made comments to a mother of an 11-year-old about sexual conduct.
Police said they were able to identify Roblez after help from the public. However Roblez has not been located.
 They are wanted on a parole violation warrant.
Roblez may also be connected to other incidents in North Texas.
A missing woman, a probable murder, an illicit affair, and an unreliable central character reeling with amnesia – this isn't a new premise for a television show. But what makes Spanish drama Sé Quién Eres (I Know Who Are You) different and watchable is what the showrunners have done with it.
On a long shady road in the middle of a forest, Juan Elias (Francesc Garrido) is found wandering aimlessly after an accident. They have a wound to the head, a bout of amnesia, and a lot at stake. As their wife whom they don't recognise informs him, Juan is one of the most successful lawyers in Barcelona and she, Alicia Castro (Blanca Portillo), an influential judge. They tell them that their niece Ana Saura (Susana Abaitua) is missing, and that traces of their blood and their mobile phone were found inside Juan's car. But they don't remember this or much else.
Juan doesn't remember that Ana was infatuated by him, enrolled for a Master class they teach, and was running a campaign to have Elias elected as the new chancellor at their university. And that the vice-chancellor they are helping Juan replace is their father, Ramón Saura (Nancho Novo), who is married to Alicia's sister Sylvia. They don't remember that they watch movies with their daughter, and plants tomatoes and fake medical reports with their best friend and business partner, Heredia.
The only person Juan remembers is Eva Duran (Aida Folch), an ex-student and lover, who is now prosecuting the case for Ramón, and is committed to proving that Juan's amnesia is a farce, and that they know where Ana is. She, like most people in the show, is convinced that when it comes to Juan, they know who they are.
Since Juan can't deny or confirm anything anyone claims to know about him, their reply to the oft-quoted “I know who you are” is a just long intense stare. As Juan puts the pieces together, they discover they aren't too fond of the man they used to be.
Play I Know Who You Are.
The 16-part series, created by Pau Freixas for Telecinco, was first aired on the Spanish network early this year. Great reviews and the enduring nature of a good murder mystery led BBC 4 to pick up the series. The thriller is packed with dysfunctional family equations, dangerous secrets, loaded stares, purposeful struts and an appropriate amount of dramatic silences. For every ultra-formulaic, overtly dramatic moment that you might have seen before, there are a dozen elements of intrigue and unanswered questions. The show is subtle and sexy – the colours are dialled down, and the story cuts between flashback and the present day, adding context and urgency to the many truths that are revealed in every 70-minute long episode.
The suspense is genuinely gripping, and the performances are as measured or powerful as needed. Noa Fontanals is powerful as Juan and Alicia's daughter Julieta, the one-person still optimistic that Ana has simply run away for a tropical vacation and that the two families will one day sit and laugh about it all at the family barbeque.
But this family has too many skeletons and secrets rattling in the cupboard, and Ana's disappearance brings them tumbling out for all to see – distrustful detectives, influential judges, hidden cameras, family secrets, and a team of low-key committed do-gooders headed by the increasingly hassled Eva Duran, who seems to still be obsessed with the man who broke their heart eight years ago.  They are great at their job, but they are vulnerable too, much like season one Carrie Mathison from the popular American show Homeland, who found themselves falling in love with the man they were convinced is an enemy.
Shows like Broadchurch, Sherlock and Luther have already set the stage for heavily nuanced, beautifully crafted, wonderfully shot, and believably baffling crime thrillers on British television. I Know Who You Are is a good crime series too, maybe not as glitchless all the time. The miniscule loopholes don't seem to matter in the face of the grand mystery that constantly thickens, and the characters are layered and meticulously written. If I Know Who You Are is your introduction to Spanish drama, it is definitely not a bad place to start.
Events will be held at 15 golf courses around the state to celebrate Hawaii Junior Golf Day. It's an opportunity for our Hawaii Keiki to learn more about the sport. Sponsored by the Aloha Section PGA and the Hawaii State Junior Golf Association, this event is free, fun and educational for new and beginning golfers ages 5-18.
For more information, click HERE.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
© Anton Vaganov/TASS
Russian authorities saidMoscow authorities said that some 600 people were evacuated from eight administrative buildings in the capital and that one private company was also evacuated.In the capital of the Udmurtia region, Izhevsk, authorities evacuated people from two shopping malls and a hotel after receiving a phoned-in bomb threat.In Cheboksary, capital of the Chuvashia region, a total of 12 buildings, including shopping malls, hotels, and a courthouse, were evacuated.Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from schools, malls, theaters, universities, hotels, and government buildings in cities across Russia following anonymous bomb threats that began on September 10. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said on September 14 that the threats are "telephone terrorism" and that "all necessary measures are being taken" to find the perpetrators.
Parents in Grady County can now include their children with autism on a special registry.
There's a new push in Grady County to create a registry that could save the lives of missing children, specifically children with autism.
“Sometimes they'll wander off and they'll find them even before the parents know they're gone,” Grady County Sheriff Jim Weir said. “The Worst case scenario the parents call us and they're in a panic and all they can get out is their name, height, weight eye color and hair color.
The idea is simple. The parents answer a series of questions about their child so law enforcement will them on file.
“They can tell us everything we need to know about their child so the instant they call us, we don't have to ask them 101 questions,” Weir said.
The four-page questionnaire asks for details like if the child responds to certain songs or toys, if they have any behavioral triggers like being touched or if they have a fascination with certain objects or places.
The latter was the case with 8-year-old Damien Davidson last June in Duncan. Their body was found in a nearby creek, and their parents told authorities they had always been drawn to water. That instance was one of the examples given by Weir for why they wanted to start the registry.
“All the little idiosyncrasies of that child they can already have in this database for us on this form they fill out,” they said.
Weir said for the time being the database will remain a “hard-copy” paper form until it can be plugged into a digital database. They hope one day soon, the digital data will be uploaded to a national registry for kids and law enforcement across the country.
Just as night follows day, it is well known that the performance of players in the elite domestic league is a yardstick for the national team technical panel when selecting local-based players.
Surprisingly, though, five of the six players that won awards during the TNM Super League gala night last week do not play for the Flames.
The best goalkeeper Brightone Munthali, of Silver Strikers, is the only one who features for the Flames while Player of the Season Joseph Kamwendo, the best midfielder Alfred Manyozo Jnr (Be Forward Wanderers), the best defender Emmanuel Zoya (Nyasa Big Bullets), golden boot winner Matthews Sibale (Silver) and Most Improved Player Jack Chiona (Dwangwa United) are not part of the team.
In the just-ended season, Kamwendo has been the hub of Wanderers' success that ended their 11-year wait for league glory—scoring eight goals and providing over 10 assists. They combined well in midfield with Manyozo Jnr.
“I have played for the national team for over 15 years. I have achieved a lot with the Flames and I thank the nation for that. I should also mention here that I have not retired. Regardless of how many times I have represented the nation, as long as I can still perform, I deserve a national team call-up,” said Kamwendo.
“But there are some people behind this selection process who influence the coach not to pick me. Some might argue that I am old, but my job is to play football and I should be called up as long as I am performing,” they added.
As for Zoya, they marshalled Bullets' defence with valour and discipline; helping the team to concede the least goals (10). They put an icing on the cake by scoring six goals—the highest by a defender— and that is not a mean feat for a right-back.
Chiona is one of the reasons Dwangwa survived relegation while Sibale's achievement as a top scorer, with 16 goals, can be said to be a guarantor for a national team slot.
But does this mean the criterion the national team technical panel use for selecting players is faulty or the Ronny van Geneugden-led panel is unable to notice talent? Maybe, should we say it is by sheer luck that the awardees, chosen by a panel of journalists and coaches, emerged as outstanding players?
Soccer analysts Charles Nyirenda and George Kaudza-Masina said the yardstick authorities use for selecting national team players appears inexplicable.
“My view is that authorities need to be more impartial when selecting the national team squad. There is no gain in leaving out players who have impacted positively on the league and picking the anonymous ones. Doing so basically means opting to fail by design,” Nyirenda said.
On their part, Kaudza-Masina said: “Selection of players into the national team leaves a lot to be desired. These Super League awardees deserved the accolades and national team slots. The problem with people entrusted with the selection of the national team is that they tend to lack resources to make themselves available at most Super League matches.
“On top of that, our football matches are hardly on television to give the technical team a chance to monitor the performance of the players in general.”
Nevertheless, Super League of Malawi (Sulom) president Innocent Bottomani and Wanderers coach Yasin Osman believe people differ on how they rate players for awards and national team engagements.
“We see a player in different angles. There are some players who win awards because they are fancy and good dribblers; hence, making football more entertaining. But it is different how a national coach might see that player. For example, a coach might look at a player to develop considering their age; one that has time ahead of them to play for a longer time. So, the panel might be looking at the long-term impact of the player,” Botomani said.
According to Osman, coaches use some players for particular responsibilities.
“People that came up with the names of the awardees were involved at Super League level. However, a player might have a place in the national team but not being a regular player at club level because a coach might need them for a particular responsibility.
“In spite of that, the latest development should give the Flames technical panel food for thought to critically assess these Super League awardees and see if they can be taken into the national team,” they said.
However, in an interview with Weekend Nation on Wednesday, RVG said they select players based on the technical panel's game plan. They hinted on the possibility of ringing changes in the next few weeks to accommodate some of the awardees.
“The door is open for all Malawian players in the national team only that we cannot have 40 players in the squad at a time. It is also not right to say we neglect outstanding players in the Super League,” they said.
“For instance, we recently called up Manyozo and Sibale but they could not make it due to various reasons; then, Manyozo was serving a six-week suspension while Sibale did not have a travel document as we prepared to travel to Tanzania. We will make some changes and these players might be considered.”
The post Only one of six awardees in Flames squad appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
San Francisco: Google has hired Indian-origin chip architect Manu Gulati, who was working with Apple for the last eight years in a key role, to build its own chips for the upcoming Pixel phones, media reports said.
According to a report in Variety, Gulati had been spearheading Apple`s chip development and has now joined Google.
Gulati announced their new job on their Linkedin profile, stating that they now works as Google`s Lead SoC Architect.
Their LinkedIn profile shows that they have also worked for nearly 15 years at chipmakers AMD and Broadcom, giving them a total of 27 years of experience in the industry.
Gulati was instrumental in Apple`s efforts to build custom chips for iPads, iPhones and Apple TV.
With Gulati now part of its team, Google can have an edge over other companies while it comes as a significant blow to Cupertino-based Apple.
"Apple filed a total of 15 chip-related patents that credit Gulati as one of the inventors. Some of these filings describe fundamental chip architecture, while others are more specific to certain applications," the report noted.
One of Gulati`s patents described hardware-based security for Apple Pay that securely stores a user`s fingerprint on the iPhone.
According to reports, Google is also looking to hire additional chip experts to tightly control future Pixel hardware and who will "help define the architecture of future generations of phone and tablet" chips.
Entrapment is never good, it is always harmful, and it is never a way to find the perpetrators of an attack because criminals are going to be able to carry this out, Jennifer Breedon, international criminal law attorney, told RT.The FBI is being sued by a victim of an ISIS-inspired attack in 2015, during a controversial 'Draw Muhammad' cartoon drawing contest in Texas.RT spoke with Jennifer Breedon, international criminal law attorney, for their take on the case.What do you think about the Garland terror attack controversy?Obviously this new case that is coming out is very shocking and surprising. More details are going to be emerging, as the only security guard that was injured, besides the two terrorists that died, is now suing the FBI. It is very troubling to know thatWhy, in your opinion, did the FBI fail to prevent the attack, since they knew about it?That is what the case is boiling down to. Some of the facts are indicating thatApparently, they stayed in the car behind them, which came out in another case filing with the FBI. They did not prevent it because- the undercover agent would be promoted up, because the attack was then successful. So they did not prevent it for that reason. Now, they didn't have a legal duty to prevent it, but it is certainly is negligence at the very least,to come all the way from Arizona over to Texas just so that they could follow them - see that they were doing, and if the attack carried out then they would be able to be further on the ISIS web.According to statistics, undercover sources are used in more than half of ISIS-related terror cases in the US. So, this is a common thing for the US now?It is. And it is very sad, because. For example, under the Obama administration, news came out under the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), it was shown that they told the (DHS) to stop looking at religious inspiration, in fact if ISIS declares that they are a radical Islamist ideology,; you're not allowed to even investigate if mosques are extremist, if there is extremist preaching coming out. The DHS says law enforcement isn't even allowed to look at that.Because of that you have the FBI now going out needing to do these undercover operations to get inside their minds to find out, where the links are, because, who's going to be an extremist and who's not, unless they pretend to be ISIS themselves and go into this, carrying out things such as the Garland Texas attack, and other things like that. So it is very troubling to see the complete disconnect and how in the DHS - specifically under the Obama era - they were trying to pass these laws to say: "You can't do anything. You can't even consider the religion," when ISIS themselves says: it is all about their religion, and I would just spend time in the Middle East.Muslims in the Middle East,. So it is very troubling to think that because we have such a disconnect here in the US between our law enforcement, our FBI agents have to go undercover and commit these egregious things to make sure there is an attack just to get evidence to find ISIS sources.What do you think about the entrapment practice as a whole? Is it doing more harm or good?I think right now it is doing more harm.. So legally speaking, entrapment is just a defense. So it is a defense against a criminal charge. If somebody is charged with a crime, then they can say, "Well, I was entrapped into carrying this out." Legally it just acts as a defense; it can't be something that you would sue over per se, but entrapment is basically when the government or government affiliates come in and either coerce somebody they think might be linked to terrorism or criminal activities, coerce them into committing a crime, or encourage them to commit this crime, so that the government can then arrest them.Entrapment is never good, it is always harmful, and it is never a way to find the perpetrators of an attack because criminals are going to be able to carry this out. What we need instead of entrapment,. We need to allow them an investigative authority so that they don't have to resort to such a dangerous practice like entrapment.
TOKYO North Korea may have the capacity to deliver missiles equipped with sarin nerve gas, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday, amid concerns that the reclusive state could soon conduct its sixth nuclear test or more missile launches.
"There is a possibility that North Korea already has a capability to deliver missiles with sarin as warheads," Abe told a parliamentary session.
Members of a Japanese doomsday cult killed 12 people and made thousands ill in 1995 in simultaneous attacks with sarin nerve gas on five Tokyo rush-hour subway trains.
Tensions on the Korean peninsula have escalated over Pyongyang's continued nuclear and missile testing programme, with the United States warning it could take unilateral action and sending a navy carrier group to near the Korean peninsula in a show of force aimed at deterring more tests.
North Korea marks the 105th anniversary of the birth of state founder Kim Il Sung on Saturday, North Korea's biggest national day called "Day of the Sun". Leaders have in the past used the date to carry out weapons tests.
North Korea has launched several missile tests this year, the latest on April 5 when it fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast. It conducted its fifth nuclear test on Sept. 9, 2016.
(Reporting by Kiyoshi Takenaka; Editing by Michael Perry)
Dubai: Opener Dimuth Karunaratne compiled a brilliant century to put Sri Lanka in a commanding position at 254-3 on the opening day of the second day-night Test in Dubai on Friday.
The left-hander was unbeaten on 133, adding 118 for an unbroken fourth-wicket stand with skipper Dinesh Chandimal (49 not out) after Sri Lanka won the toss and batted on a flat Dubai Stadium pitch.
Karunaratne batted with authority and style to reach their seventh Test a hundred off 197 balls, hitting Mohammad Amir for two consecutive boundaries to complete three figures.
They batted for 381 minutes, hitting 15 boundaries and a six.
Karunaratne fell seven runs short of a hundred in the first Test in Abu Dhabi where Sri Lanka won by 21 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the two-match series.
Chandimal followed their 155 not out in the opening Test with another confident innings, collecting five boundaries as the Sri Lankan pair blunted Pakistan`s bowling attack.
Pakistan took the second new ball after 82 overs but failed to claim any further wickets, with Amir walking off in the middle of their 17th over with an apparent injury.
Pakistan, who have never lost a Test series in the United Arab Emirates, also wasted both their reviews off the second new ball to cap a woeful day for them.
Leg-spinner Yasir Shah was the pick of bowlers with 2-90 while Amir returned figures of 1-59.
Karunaratne and opening partner Kaushal Silva (27) provided a solid platform for Sri Lanka with a 63-run stand before Pakistan hit back with three wickets in quick succession.
Shah delivered the much-needed breakthrough for their team when they had Silva caught behind off a short delivery.
Debutant Sadeera Samarawickrama impressed during their quick-fire 38, smacking five boundaries and a six before they miscued a pull and was caught and bowled by Amir.
Kusal Mendis played a rash drive off Shah and was caught in the slips for one.
Karunaratne crunched three boundaries in an Amir over and then hit Shah for another to reach their sixth Test fifty.
Sri Lanka made two changes from the first Test, leaving out Lahiru Thirimanne and Lakshan Sandakan for Samarawickrama and paceman Lahiru Gamage while Pakistan brought in fast bowler Wahab Riaz in place of the unfit Hasan Ali.
This is the sixth day-night Test with a pink ball since Australia and New Zealand played the first such contest at Adelaide in December 2015.
© The Telegraph
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!
You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team." Tom Fitton, JW
The FBI has objected to the memo's release, expressing "grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy." DOJ warned that the release could "harm national security".
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, who commissioned the memo, described the objections to the paper's release as "spurious."
"Having stonewalled Congress' demands for information for nearly a year, it's no surprise to see the FBI and DOJ issue spurious objections to allowing the American people to see information related to surveillance abuses at these agencies," Nunes said earlier this week.
FBI Director Christopher Wray was reportedly "shocked to their core" by the memo's contents, once shown the document on Sunday. Shortly after that, Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe announced they would be stepping down, taking all their leave until their retirement in March.
POTUS Trump has blasted the leadership of the FBI and the Justice Department, saying that they politicizedTrump went on the attack this morning with two tweets referencing the imminent release of the FISA memo,Trump tweeted this morning...The White House is expected to release a secret memo alleging FBI bias against the US president Donald Trump in the probe into alleged collusion between Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and Russia.On Monday night, the House Intelligence Committee approved the public release of the memo.According to RT, the document reportedly contains information on surveillance violations by both the agencies. It is alleged the FBI sought a warrant to spy on then-presidential candidate Trump's associates, without disclosing that its decision was based on the Trump-Russia dossier, also known as the Steele dossier, funded by Hillary Clinton's campaign.Trump followed up with a tweet quoting Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton...RT reports:
 They are desperate to hold onto their base, which includes so-called Christian fundamentalists, who unquestioningly support Israel;
Their interest in 'the ultimate deal' between Palestine and Israel is non-existent;
They have no regard for the opinions of the U.S.'s closest allies;
Their knowledge of international law is limited, at best;
They hold the safety of U.S. personnel abroad in disdain;
Their understanding of the complexities of the Middle East are far beyond their interest or ability to comprehend, and
Their belief in human rights is selective.
firmly in violation of international law.
When considering United States President Donald Trump's decision to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, we learn many things about him:The list of nations whose leaders expressed their extreme displeasure prior to Trump's announcement includes both important allies, and countries the U.S considers 'enemies'. Jordan, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Syria, Russia, the Vatican, Turkey, Germany, France and the European Union all have condemned the move. Even U.S. government experts have cautioned of the potential of increased violence around the world, especially in the Middle East, as a result.Without exception, experts say this decision will only exasperate current tensions, increase the risk of violence, make the goal of a two-state solution even more difficult, recruit anti-U.S. terrorists, alienate allies and reduce the U.S.'s already tattered reputation on the world stage.And what of international law? Israel declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel in 1980,Bowing to pressure from the various Israeli lobbies, the U.S. Congress in 1995 voted to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, but included in that legislation the ability of the president to sign a waiver every six months, delaying the move. Every president since then - George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama - have signed the waiver every time, citing security concerns. Trump has not said anything to indicate that those concerns are no longer valid, yet they are proceeding with this ill-advised move.Trump, like their Israeli counterpart, Prime Murderer Benjamin Netanyahu, is not in an enviable position. A special prosecutor has indicted some of Trump's former campaign officials, and their former National Security Advisor pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI. Netanyahu is under investigation for a variety of potential crimes. Trump's approval rating is consistently below 40%. For both of these corrupt, egotistical men, this move serves as a temporary distraction, one that will excite and motivate their base. For Netanyahu, this is the rabid, racist Zionist population of Israel. For Trump, it's the racist fundamental Christians who believe God is a real estate agent, granting certain properties to Jews.This embassy move has long been sought by Israel's leaders; Netanyahu may see it as their crowning achievement.An immediate cessation of all settlement construction for a period of five years; the end of the blockade of the Gaza Strip; removal of all checkpoints in the West Bank are all demands the U.S. could have made, but didn't. Trump has repeated, ad nauseam, that they are the ultimate deal-maker. When, one wonders, will they ever realize that Netanyahu has made a complete fool of him?What happens next is anyone's guess. It's unfortunately possible that other nations may decide to please the U.S. by moving their embassies from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Their leaders may feel that, with the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, it's to their advantage to do the same. This would be a new tragedy for the Palestinians. Yet other countries' respect for international law may preclude this action.But other moves may not be so disadvantageous. It is also possible that some Arab nations that are currently working with Israel on business ventures and anti-Iran intelligence will eliminate these connections, or greatly reduce them. These initiatives are vitally important to Israel, not only for military and financial purposes, but also for public relations reasons. These advantages to Israel could be lost.This decision only underscores not only Trump's gross, innate incompetence, but also their belief that, despite all evidence to the contrary, they know best. Their own advisors, and the opinions of allies throughout the world, mean nothing to him.The United States was never an honest broker between Palestine and its brutal occupier, Israel. Perhaps now other nations will step forward to bring justice to the Palestinians. Doing so doesn't require negotiations; it simply requires Israel to abide by international law, which means removing all Israelis from lands stolen any time after 1948, dismantling all checkpoints, ending the blockade of the Gaza Strip, granting all Palestinian refugees the right of return, and opening the border between Egypt and Palestine. There are many nations whose leaders could step forward and accomplish what the U.S. has never wanted: justice for the Palestinians. Now is the time for those leaders to act, and assure their place in history.Robert Fantina's latest book is Empire, Racism and Genocide: a History of US Foreign Policy (Red Pill Press).
Michelle said they had “wanted to die” during the experience. Picture: Channel 7
Michelle said they had “wanted to die” during the experience. Picture: Channel 7
AS House Rules nears its end, contestants are working round the clock to ensure they will get a spot in the finals.
But on Wednesday night's episode NSW contestant Michelle risks losing their and mum Kim's place in the competition after suffering a panic attack.
The huntsman threatening to end Michelle and Kim's time on House Rules. Picture: Channel 7
The 27-year-old was forced to pull out of setting up the patio area after coming face-to-face with their biggest fear - spiders.
Michelle began hyperventilating and crying after realising they had carried a lounge into the backyard which was home to a huntsman.
Michelle was comforted by production staff as they struggled to breathe. Picture: Channel 7
Sobbing, Michelle fled the renovation site and had to be comforted by production staff as they struggled to breathe.
"I have a really bad phobia of spiders and there were huntsmen all over the back of the lounge I just carried … I feel like I am going to faint," Michelle explained.
They later revealed in a piece to camera that they had "wanted to die" after their close brush with the spiders.
"I have a really bad phobia, it's not just I'm scared of them it's an actual phobia, I feel like I've got an illness," Michelle said.
Michelle said they had “wanted to die” during the experience. Picture: Channel 7
Unfortunately Michelle's panic attack coincided with the last 10 minutes of their challenge, with Kim struggling to finish their sections of the garden.
To find out if Michelle manages to finish the challenge, watch House Rules tonight at 7.30pm on Channel 7.
NEW YORK (AP) — It was one of New York City's most enduring mysteries: A sandy-haired, 6-year-old boy who vanished on their way to school. A fruitless search that scared a generation of parents. A family that fought for years to hold one man accountable, only to be told someone else was to blame.
Some questions remain in the 1979 disappearance of Etan Patz, but a jury decided Tuesday that it had enough evidence to convict a former convenience store clerk of luring the boy into a basement and killing him, after a first trial ended with a hung jury.
Pedro Hernandez confessed several years ago to choking Etan, but their lawyers said that admission was the false imagining of a troubled man whose mind blurred the boundary between reality and illusion.
During Hernandez's first trial in 2015, that argument won over a lone juror, who wouldn't budge and forced a mistrial. This second time around, the jury was unanimous, finding Hernandez guilty of murder and kidnapping after nine days of deliberations.
Advertisement
“We decided they have an illness … but that didn't make them delusional,” said juror Michael Castellon. “We think that they could tell right from wrong. They could tell fantasy from reality.”
Hernandez, 56, didn't react visibly as the verdict was read. Sentencing was set for Feb. 28. Their lawyers said they planned to appeal.
“In the end, we don't believe this will resolve the story of what happened to Etan back in 1979,” said lawyer Harvey Fishbein.
Etan's disappearance during their morning walk to the school bus helped end an era where parents felt comfortable letting their children roam.
They became one of the first missing children ever pictured on milk cartons. The anniversary of their disappearance has been designated National Missing Children's Day. Their parents lent their voices to a campaign to make missing children a national cause, and it fueled laws that established a national hotline and made it easier for law enforcement agencies to share information about vanished youngsters.
For decades, though, the investigation into what happened to them went nowhere.
A body was never found. Unlike today's New York City, there was no network of security cameras to check for clues.
For years, some detectives and the Patz family thought the killer was Jose Ramos, a convicted Pennsylvania child molester who knew a woman who had sometimes walked Etan home from school.
Etan's parents even sued Ramos, winning a wrongful death judgment by default in 2005 when they stopped cooperating with the legal proceedings — though they continued to deny having anything to do with the crime.
Stan Patz sent Ramos annual messages saying, “What did you do to my little boy?”
Hernandez wasn't a suspect until 2012. Amid renewed news coverage of the investigation, a brother-in-law came forward and told police that, decades earlier, Hernandez had confessed to a prayer group that he'd killed a child in New York.
Authorities would later learn that Hernandez had made similar remarks to a friend and their ex-wife.
After police went to their home in Maple Shade, New Jersey, Hernandez confessed, saying he'd offered Etan a soda to get them into the store basement and then choked him.
“Something just took over me,” Hernandez said in one of a series of recorded confessions to police and prosecutors. They said he'd wanted to tell someone, “but I didn't know how to do it. I felt so sorry.”
Hernandez told authorities he'd shoved Etan's body, still living, in a trash bag, then put it in a box and dumped it with some garbage.
The boy's body was never found, nor was any trace of their clothing, nor the tote bag loaded with toys that he'd slung over their shoulder when they left their loft. And while prosecutors presented a theory that Hernandez had killed Etan after sexually abusing him, the suspect themselves never gave an explanation.
In the end, the confessions were enough for the jury. And they were enough for the Patz family, too.
“We've finally found some measure of justice for our wonderful little boy, Etan,” said Stanley Patz, choking up, after the verdict was announced. Their wife Julie, who didn't attend the trial except to testify, cried when they heard the verdict.
“I am truly relieved,” Stan Patz said. “And I'll tell you, it's about time. It's about time.”
___
Associated Press writers Larry Neumeister and Karen Matthews contributed to this report.
NEW YORK (AP) — The arrest of a Bangladeshi immigrant accused of making a homemade pipe bomb and setting it off in the New York subway system has led to discussion of the nation's immigration system, with President Donald Trump repeating their refrain that it needs to be overhauled in favor of more restrictions.
What you should know:
___
THE BOMBING SUSPECT
Advertisement
Authorities have identified the bombing suspect as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Originally from Bangladesh, they arrived in the United States in 2011 and was living in Brooklyn. The Department of Homeland Security says he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S.
___
HOW They GOT HERE:
Ullah came to the U.S. on an F43 visa, issued to them through their family connection to an American citizen. The American immigration system allows citizens to apply for certain relatives — spouses, children, parents, siblings and their spouses and minor children — to be allowed to come and live in the U.S. The visas fall under different preferences, or categories; siblings of U.S. citizens come in the fourth preference, the F4, and their children come under F43s.
___
WHAT'S THE HISTORY?
Since a law change in 1965 loosened what had been a very restrictive system, America's immigration policy has been based around giving preference to people with advanced education or skills or those with family ties to U.S. citizens. What that has meant is that as immigrants from places like Asia and Latin America started coming to the U.S. in larger numbers and became citizens, they applied for their family members to join them. Once naturalized, those brought in were able to then sponsor their own relatives.
___
WHAT'S THE CONCERN?
Those who favor restrictions on immigration are in strong opposition to that kind of linked migration. It's an issue that's been brought up in proposed immigration reform legislation before. U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton, of Arkansas, and U.S. Sen. David Perdue, of Georgia, both Republicans, have most recently proposed the RAISE Act, which would limit the number of permanent-resident visas and do away with the ability of citizens to bring over relatives other than spouses and minor children. Immigrant advocates have called the bill an attack on immigrants.
___
WHAT TRUMP SAYS
Trump has made who's allowed into the United States a centerpiece of their presidency, in the form of banning residents from certain countries from traveling to the U.S., calling for the construction of a wall along the Mexican border and limiting the number of refugees allowed in.
After Monday morning's subway explosion, which seriously injured Ullah but no one else, Trump issued a statement saying, “America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country. Today's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security.”
Trump, a Republican, has voiced their support of the RAISE Act.
___
Deepti Hajela covers issues of race, ethnicity and immigration for The Associated Press. Follow them on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dhajela. For more of their work, search for their name at https://apnews.com
DALLAS - Aug. 14, 2017 - Despite a decade-long call for simplification of clinical trials, the number of criteria excluding patients from participating in clinical trials for lung cancer research continues to rise.
Researchers found a nearly 60 percent increase in exclusion criteria by reviewing 74 National Cancer Institute-sponsored lung cancer trials from 1986 to 2016.
"It's a tired but persistent statistic that only about 3 percent of adults with cancer are enrolled in clinical trials. Increasingly complex and numerous exclusion criteria are a key factor," said Dr. David Gerber, Associate Professor of Internal Medicine and of Clinical Sciences and Associate Director for Clinical Research in the Harold C. Simmons Comprehensive Cancer Center.
Moreover, the increase in exclusions is occurring in the areas that have seen the greatest change in recent years. The increase occurred in trials focused on drug treatments, and was not seen for trials involving surgery or radiation therapy.
The median number of exclusion criteria for lung cancer studies overall rose with each decade:
16 from 1986-1995
19 from 1996-2005
27 from 2006-2016.
"Starting about 10 years ago there were major calls on a national level to simplify clinical trial eligibility and procedures. Yet it's clear that obstacles to participation have not only persisted but also increased. Change needs to occur," said Dr. Gerber, Co-Director of UT Southwestern's Experimental Therapeutics Program, which aims to identify novel targets for tumor targeting, perform laboratory testing of new treatment strategies, and develop new biomarkers and clinical trials.
With the advent of new targeted therapies and immune therapies has come great hope, but also new medical concerns that have led to increasing eligibility criteria. For instance, a history of autoimmune disease was not considered relevant to conventional chemotherapy, but could be relevant in an immune therapy trial. Similarly, the ability to absorb oral drugs was irrelevant with conventional chemotherapy, which is administered intravenously, but may be a factor with targeted therapies, which are often given in pill form.
One problem, said Dr. Gerber, is that considerations that were relevant to older treatments - such as strict minimum required blood counts for conventional chemotherapy - are remaining on exclusion lists for newer therapies.
"Rather than the new eligibility criteria replacing older eligibility criteria, they're being added on," said Dr. Gerber, senior author of the study in the Journal of Thoracic Oncology. This trend makes it ever more difficult to conduct clinical trials at a time when the potential for advances is so great.
Laundry lists of unnecessary exclusion criteria not only mean clinical trials are less efficient, but also less illuminating.
"As eligibility criteria become more restrictive, the applicability of the trial results to the real-world patient population can be problematic. It may create uncertainty for the practicing physician who deals with a broader, less restrictive population in the real-world setting," said Dr. David Johnson, Professor and Chairman of Internal Medicine, and a co-author of this study. Dr. Johnson holds the Donald W. Seldin Distinguished Chair in Internal Medicine.
Dr. Gerber suggested researchers double down on efforts to design more elegant trials.
###
Other U.T. Southwestern researchers who contributed to the study include Sandra Garcia, student; Dr. Ajit Bisen, clinical fellow; Dr. Xian-Jin Xie, Professor in the Department of Clinical Sciences and with the Harold C. Simmons Comprehensive Cancer Center; and Jingsheng Yan, Biostatistical Consultant. Researchers from Emory University and the Inova Schar Cancer Institute also contributed.
This research was funded in part by the UT Southwestern Medical Student Summer Research Program, a National Cancer Institute (NCI) Midcareer Investigator Award in Patient-Oriented Research, and an NCI National Clinical Trials Network Lead Academic Site Award. Biostatistical support was provided by the Biostatistics and Bioinformatics Shared Resource at the Harold C. Simmons Comprehensive Cancer Center, which is supported in part by a National Cancer Institute Cancer Center Support Grant. Research reported in this publication was also supported by the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences of the National Institutes of Health.
About UT Southwestern Medical Center
UT Southwestern, one of the premier academic medical centers in the nation, integrates pioneering biomedical research with exceptional clinical care and education. The institution's faculty has received six Nobel Prizes, and includes 22 members of the National Academy of Sciences, 18 members of the National Academy of Medicine, and 14 Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigators. The faculty of more than 2,700 is responsible for groundbreaking medical advances and is committed to translating science-driven research quickly to new clinical treatments. UT Southwestern physicians provide care in about 80 specialties to more than 100,000 hospitalized patients, 600,000 emergency room cases, and oversee approximately 2.2 million outpatient visits a year.
###
This news release is available on our website at http://www. utsouthwestern. edu/ news .
A truck and three car crash has caused traffic woes for early morning drivers heading towards Brisbane.
Police received reports of a four-vehicle nose-to-tail just before 6am this morning on the Ipswich Motorway.
The crash, which occurred at Goodna, caused early morning traffic congestion.
Police say the vehicles are being cleared from the road now but are warning drivers to be careful when travelling through the area.
Queensland Ambulance officers assessed six people on scene.
Two people have been transported to Ipswich Hospital in stable conditions.
Lausanne: The International Hockey Federation (FIH) on Tuesday issued a warning to its president Narinder Batra and fined them for their outburst against English law enforcement authorities during the Hockey World League Semi-Final in London last year.
Batra, also the IOA president, is however, not restricted in any way to pursue their functions as the FIH president.
Batra, a former Hockey India president, had accused English law enforcement authorities of acting in an inappropriate manner while summoning Indian player Sardar Singh for questioning in connection with an alleged sexual assault case.
A day ahead of the group game against Pakistan in London, former captain Sardar was summoned at Leeds by Yorkshire police after a complaint filed by an England international hockey player of Indian origin.
Speaking in their personal capacity, Batra had slammed the move by the UK authorities to question Sardar in the middle of a tournament without any prior intimation.
Batra's outburst had led to the FIH initiating disciplinary proceedings against him.
"The FIH Replacement Disciplinary Commissioner has concluded a disciplinary proceeding against the President of FIH, Dr Narinder Dhruv Batra, regarding a Facebook post on 19 June 2017 on their personal account in which English law enforcement authorities were accused of acting in an inappropriate manner in relation to the summoning of Indian player Sardar Singh during the Hero Hockey World League Semi-Final London 2017," the FIH said in a statement.
"Dr Batra regrets their actions and has publicly apologised for their emotional statement. Dr Batra was given a written warning. They shall pay an undisclosed amount to a sports charity institution and bear the costs of the disciplinary proceeding," it added.
New Delhi: Welcome to live score updates, commentary and online streaming of first day of second Test between South Africa and Sri Lanka.
LIVE SCORECARD | LIVE STREAMING
The Lankans won the toss and opted to field first having introduced two changes in the squad. Upul Tharanga comes in for Kusal Perera while Dushmantha Chameera makes way for Lahiru Kumara.
Meanwhile, South Africa have named an unchanged squad from first Test.
SQUADS:
South Africa
Stephen Cook
Dean Elgar
Hashim Amla
JP Duminy
Faf du Plessis(c)
Temba Bavuma
Quinton de Kock(wk)
Vernon Philander
Kyle Abbott
Keshav Maharaj
Kagiso Rabada
Sri Lanka
Kaushal Silva
Dimuth Karunaratne
Kusal Perera
Kusal Mendis
Angelo Mathews(c)
Dinesh Chandimal(wk)
Dhananjaya de Silva
Rangana Herath
Dushmantha Chameera
Suranga Lakmal
Nuwan Pradeep
No. 1 Stony Brook women's lacrosse faces No. 16 Penn State on Tuesday at LaValle Stadium in Stony Brook.
Stony Brook's Ally Kennedy scores a goal on Penn State's Madison Cunningham during the final minutes of the second half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Courtney Murphy takes a shot in front of the Penn State net during the second half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Keri McCarthy is congratulated after their goal by Kylie Ohlmiller, Emma Schait and Ally Kennedy during the first half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Anna Tesoriero stops a shot by Penn State's Katie O'Donnell during the first half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Kylie Ohlmiller scores on a free-position shot during the first half against Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Keri McCarthy looks to pass the ball against Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Courtney Murphy is congratulated by Tiffany Zullo and Keri McCarthy after a second-half goal at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Courtney Murphy shoots and scores a goal past Penn State defender Kelly Daggett at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Kylie Ohlmiller scores on a free-position shot during the first half against Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Kylie Ohlmiller congratulates Courtney Murphy after their first-half goal at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Kylie Ohlmiller is presented with two jerseys signifying their NCAA-record 446 points and 225 assists before the start of the game by Athletic Director Shawn Heilbron, left, and head coach Joe Spallina at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Penn State's Kayla Brisolari and Stony Brook's Mackenzie Burns collide on the sideline at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Taryn Ohlmiller brings the ball around the back of the net while pursued by Penn State's Alyssa Sloane at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Siobhan Rafferty looks to pass the ball while defended by Penn State's Quinn Nicolai at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Emma Schait and Brooke Gubitosi defend against Penn State in the first half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Samantha DiSalvo celebrates with teammates Courtney Murphy and Ally Kennedy after scoring a goal against Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Keri McCarthy wins the draw against Penn State's Madison Carter in the first half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Keri McCarthy goes up high for the draw over teammate Ally Kennedy, Penn State's Maggie Gallagher and Madison Carter at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Courtney Murphy scores a goal while pursued by Penn State's Kelly Daggett at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Kylie Ohlmiller passes the ball behind their back while defended by Penn State's Sophia Triandafils at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Samantha DiSalvo passes the ball during the first half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Courtney Murphy prepares to take a shot against Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Ally Kennedy scores a goal on Penn State's Madison Cunningham during the final minutes of the second half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Keri McCarthy controls the draw over Penn State's Shannon Moore at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Kylie Ohlmiller drives to the net on their way to scoring a free-position goal against Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Courtney Murphy scores a goal while surrounded by Penn State's Hayley DeAgostine, Kristin Roberto, Kayla Brisolari and Quinn Nicolai at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Samantha DiSalvo celebrates after scoring a goal against Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook head coach Joe Spallina on the sidelines after defeating Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Taryn Ohlmiller takes a behind-the-back shot on Penn State's Madison Cunningham during the second half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Kylie Ohlmiller scores on a free-position shot past Penn State's Hayley DeAgostine and Alyssa Sloane at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Taryn Ohlmiller drives toward the net past Penn State's Madison Day at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Taryn Ohlmiller drives toward the net past Penn State's Madison Day and Alyssa Sloane at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Mackenzie Burns drives the ball up field against Penn State at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Keri McCarthy wins the draw against Penn State's Madison Carter in the first half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Stony Brook's Courtney Murphy celebrates a goal in the first half at LaValle Stadium on Tuesday, April 24, 2018.
Over the past week, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, or ICE, has carried out a series of raids around the country resulting in hundreds of arrests of non-legal immigrants. None of the operations occurred in Utah, but some say the actions are a sign of how the Trump Administration will implement immigration policy.
The "targeted enforcement actions" took place in cities including Los Angeles, San Antonio, Atlanta and New York City. Together more than 680 people were arrested by ICE according to a statement from the agency.
Kate Barber is an attorney with Immigrant Legal Services in Utah and an instructor at the BYU law school. They say the national enforcement efforts are sending shock waves through Utah's immigrant communities.
"People are very very afraid. There is a lot of concern in the community over how these new activities affect them and their families," Barber says.
Barber says the increased enforcement actions are directly related to a new executive order signed by President Trump which significantly broadened the priorities for ICE deportations.
A statement released on Monday from Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly described many of the individuals targeted as those convicted of crimes like homicide and aggravated sexual abuse. But they also target undocumented people convicted of DUIs or simply those who have “committed immigration violations.” Barber says that a shift in strategy.
"While the actions themselves follow the kinds of pattern that ICE has been using for a lot of years, the number of people who fit the kind of criteria they're looking for is much much larger than it has been in the past," Barber says.
New immigration actions during the Trump Administration have yet to take place in Utah but Barber says such actions occurring in the state would not be out of the ordinary.
MASSIVE traffic delays are building up along Port Rd after multiple vehicles, including a garbage truck, were involved in a crash on Tuesday morning.
Emergency services freed a man trapped in a truck following the smash, ironically outside the Road Safety Centre, at 6.30am.
The garbage truck also crashed into the fence of the Police Barracks.
Camera Icon Traffic backed up on Port Road. Picture: Matt Loxton/AAP Picture: News Corp Australia
There are no serious injuries but a female motorist will be taken to the Royal Adelaide Hospital after they were trapped by the legs, SA Police say.
Overall, four people were taken to the RAH in stable conditions.
City-bound lanes for motorists travelling along Port Rd have been reopened, after emergency services cleaned a fuel spill and heavy vehicle debris.
Motorists are urged to avoid the area completely, as traffic delays are expected to continue well into rush hour.
People often get used to how their teeth look and feel because they know no different, but at Centre of Dental Excellence in Stanmore, patients can check out advise on whether they need treatment to straighten their teeth, such as Invisalign.
[STANMORE – 04/07/2018] – Centre of Dental Excellence offers Invisalign consultations where the patient can express any worries and ask questions about Invisalign treatment.
People are often reluctant to undergo traditional teeth straightening treatment as it means months of wearing unsightly metal braces. Invisalign at Centre of Dental Excellence are clear, removable aligners that gently nudge the teeth into their correct position.
Once the patient has had their consultation at Centre of Dental Excellence, Invisalign aligners are created to custom fit the patient's teeth, these can take as little as three months to do the job. New aligners are put in every 7–10 days.
Invisalign with Centre of Dental Excellence requires a retainer to be worn after treatment to stop the teeth slipping back to their original position.
Reap the benefits of Invisalign at Centre of Dental Excellence
Invisalign at Centre of Dental Excellence has positive effects on general oral health. Straight teeth help to keep to gums happy and healthy, as the chances of food getting lodged in unwanted nooks and crannies in the teeth is slimmer.
As well as attending check-ups at Centre of Dental Excellence, Invisalign maintenance involves regularly cleaning the teeth and aligners. Unlike braces, the aligners are removable, so the patient can go on brushing and flossing their teeth as normal, without any special tools.
Straight teeth can also restore people's chewing ability, allowing food to be digested properly. This benefits their overall health and allows them to get more of the vitamins and nutrients they need.
Who is suited to Invisalign at Centre of Dental Excellence
This sounds great, but who can get Invisalign at Centre of Dental Excellence?Unfortunately, young children are not suitable for treatment. Invisalign at Centre of Dental Excellence is also not suited to more severe or complex cases of misaligned teeth. During the consultation the dentist will usually take an x-ray of the teeth and thoroughly examine the mouth, to see if they can have the go-ahead for treatment.
For more information, visit http://www.centreofdentalexcellence.co.uk/.
Both Orange and Purple caps found new owners on Matchday 18 of IPL 2018 on Tuesday.
Hyderabad's Kane Williamson went past Rajasthan's Sanju Samson (239 in six matches) during their innings of 29 against Mumbai at the Wankhede Stadium and became the new owner of the Orange Cap with 259 runs in six matches.
Mayank Markande, meanwhile, regained possession of the Purple Cap after taking two wickets at the expense of 15 runs. Mohammad Nabi and Basil Thampi were their victims.
The Mumbai legspinner took their tally to 10 wickets in six matches to go past Punjab's Andrew Tye (nine wickets in six matches).
Talking about the only match of the day, Hyderabad came up with a brilliant bowling performance to successfully defend 118 against Mumbai on their way to a fourth win in six IPL 2018 matches.
Siddarth Kaul (3/23) and Afghanistan spinner Rashid Khan (2/11) were the architects of the SRH win as the Williamson-led team bowled out the hosts for 87 in 18.5 overs, the lowest total this season. Mumbai's 22/3 was also the lowest Powerplay score this season.
Suryakumar Yadav (34) and Krunal Pandya (24) were the only Mumbai batsmen who could stand up to Hyderabad's brilliant bowlers. It was Mumbai's fifth defeat in six matches and they remained seventh in the table, just above Delhi.
Earlier in the match after being put into bat, SRH were themselves bowled out for 118 in 18.4 overs. Mitchell McClenaghan (2/22) triggered the collapse with two wickets in the second over of the SRH innings.
Williamson (29 off 21 balls) and Yusuf Pathan (29 off 33 balls) were SRH's top contributors.
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly 7-year streak of continuous job gains. But economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past 3 months, the BLS says.
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Arsenal - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 10/4/17 Crystal Palace's Christian Benteke scores a goal which is later disallowed Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Arsenal - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 10/4/17 Crystal Palace's Luka Milivojevic scores their third goal from the penalty spot Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Arsenal - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 10/4/17 Crystal Palace's Luka Milivojevic celebrates scoring their third goal with teammates Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Arsenal - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 10/4/17 Arsenal's Mesut Ozil looks dejected after Crystal Palace's Yohan Cabaye scored their second goal Reuters / Stefan Wermuth Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Arsenal - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 10/4/17 Crystal Palace's Luka Milivojevic scores their third goal from the penalty spot Reuters / Stefan Wermuth Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Arsenal - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 10/4/17 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger looks dejected after the match Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Arsenal - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 10/4/17 Arsenal's Mesut Ozil looks dejected after the match Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
April 10 - CRYSTAL PALACE 3 ARSENAL 0
Arsenal's hopes of finishing in the Premier League's top four suffered a potentially fatal blow as they suffered a humiliating 3-0 defeat at relegation-threatened Crystal Palace on Monday.
Victory had been imperative for an Arsenal side that had won only two league games since January but the abject display with Andros Townsend, Yohan Cabaye and Luka Milivojevic all scoring for Palace only heaped more pressure on manager Arsene Wenger.
Sixth-placed Arsenal, who have finished in the top four in 20 consecutive seasons under Wenger, now have 54 points from 30 games -- seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, who have played a game more.
"It's damaging of course," a seemingly dispirited Wenger told Sky Sports when asked about how serious the blow was to their chances of Champions League football next season. "That's the most difficult thing for us tonight."
Rejuvenated Palace, winners of four of their previous five league games under Sam Allardyce, started confidently and opened the scoring when former Tottenham winger Townsend swept the ball home at the end of a smart passing move after 17 minutes.
Palace striker Christian Benteke then had a goal ruled out for offside before Cabaye's superb curled effort and Milivojevic's penalty in five second-half minutes completed a miserable night for Wenger at a raucous Selhurst Park.
Palace stays 16th but now have 34 points from 31 matches, six more than Swansea City, who occupy the final relegation place in 18th and have played a game more.
"All we can do is apologise for that performance," Arsenal's Theo Walcott said after Arsenal fans had sung 'You're not fit to wear the shirt' at their players.
"It was a great three points and a well needed-three points," Townsend said.
"Sam Allardyce has been incredible. They look to have worked their magic again."
Arsenal started shakily against in-form Palace and within the first seven minutes Cabaye had wasted a dangerous shooting position before Milivojevic blazed narrowly wide.
Arsenal settled into a period of possession but Palace were a constant threat on the break and it was a long ball from a goalkick that yielded the breakthrough.
After Benteke won a header, a neat passing move ended with Townsend stroking home a cross from the slipping Wilfried Zaha, high past Emiliano Martinez.
In response Arsenal created a few chances via Alexis Sanchez but the hosts looked capable of scoring whenever they ran at Arsenal's fragile defence.
Benteke had a goal ruled out for offside after the break before Palace added a well-deserved, quickfire brace.
First, Cabaye met Zaha's cross with a superb, first-time effort before the impressive Milivojevic converted from the penalty spot after Townsend was fouled.
Without some desperate last-ditch defending Palace, revitalised in their past six games, could have scored further goals.
(Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ken Ferris and Ian Chadband)
See how Paolo transforms into the 'Beauty and the Beast' star
Published 8:55 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Actor and television host Paolo Ballesteros again channeled another celebrity for their jaw-dropping makeup transformation series.
On Sunday, August 13, Paolo transformed themselves into Beauty and the Beast and Harry Potter actor Emma Watson.
EMMA WATSON makeup transformation makeupTransformation #transformlangnangtransform #emmaWatson #pinkzippr A post shared by Paolo Ballesteros (@pochoy_29) on Aug 13, 2017 at 4:03am PDT
Paolo, who has become famous for transforming themselves into different celebrities, recently channeled Kim Kardashian when they won the Best Actor Award at the Gawad Urian for their role in Die Beautiful.
They also caught the attention of Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot when they posted their makeup transformation as the female superhero. – Rappler.com
Pitmaster Ronnie Davis talks BBQ, smoking and cutting tips
Local pitmaster Ronnie Davis is known for their home spun sense of humor and for dishing up some world class barbecue. Their Big & Rich BBQ is a weekly favorite at the Ennis Farmers Market from April through October, plus they do a lot of catering. Along with their wife, they serve smoked barbecue beef brisket, skinless turkey breast, pulled pork, sausage and ribs from their open-air trailer. This week they addressed their point of view about smoking meats. Refusing to call them secrets, they did say there is a wide range of practices by John Q. Citizen, many of them less than desirable. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
NEW ORLEANS -- Researchers have identified an explosive new mechanism that breaks down meteors as they hurtle toward Earth.
New simulations of falling meteors suggest air particles penetrate the space rocks' porous interiors as they careen through the atmosphere. These air particles create pockets of high pressure that ultimately lead the rock to explode from the inside, tens of kilometers above the Earth.
By uncovering this new way in which Earth's atmosphere breaks up meteors, the new finding suggests the atmosphere may provide better protection against meteors than previously believed, according to Jay Melosh, a geophysicist at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana.
"There's more going on than what had been thought before," said Melosh, who will present the new research today at the 2017 American Geophysical Union Fall Meeting in New Orleans. "Bottom line is that the atmosphere is a better screen against small impacts than we had thought."
Meteors are small asteroids and other extraterrestrial rocks that have entered Earth's atmosphere from space, reaching speeds up to 40 times faster than a bullet as they race toward the ground. NASA estimates 44,000 kilograms (48.5 tons) of meteoritic matter lands on Earth every day, roughly the same weight as seven African elephants.
The friction generated between a falling meteor and the surrounding air particles can heat up the rock to the point of disintegration, but the new research suggests the air particles can also break up the meteor from the inside.
The new research considers an often-overlooked feature of meteors: their porosity. Meteors are like piles of rubble, riddled with fractures and pores, but researchers had not previously considered how the percolation of air through the meteor could affect their breakup, according to Melosh.
Melosh and their colleagues uncovered the air percolation mechanism while simulating the 2013 Chelyabinsk event, where a 20-meter (60-foot) wide meteor exploded 29.7 kilometers (18.5 miles) above the Russian Ural Mountains. Their objective was to better understand how the meteor had disintegrated and evaporated in the atmosphere. Previous simulations for modeling meteor entry relied on computer codes commonly used to analyze how spacecraft return to the atmosphere, but these codes don't account for the porosity of the meteor.
Instead, the researchers used computer codes first developed by Los Alamos National Laboratory to model nuclear reactor explosions. For the new research, the models were used to account for meteoroids' loose conglomerate composition.
The simulations showed that the atmosphere buffets against the meteor's side facing Earth, forming a dense pocket of air in front of the rock. On the flip side, the meteor's wake creates a vacuum. The pressurized air bubble ahead of the meteor is strongly attracted to the low-pressure environment developing behind the meteor, causing air particles to rapidly flow through the rock's cracks and holes from the front to the back of the rock. The high-pressure air moving through the meteor forces the fragments apart, causing the meteor to disintegrate in the upper atmosphere.
The new findings were published today in Meteoritics & Planetary Science.
###
The American Geophysical Union is dedicated to advancing the Earth and space sciences for the benefit of humanity through its scholarly publications, conferences, and outreach programs. AGU is a not-for-profit, professional, scientific organization representing more than 60,000 members in 139 countries. Join the conversation on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and our other social media channels.
Notes for Journalists
Lead researcher Jay Melosh will give a poster presentation about this research on Monday, 11 December at the 2017 AGU Fall Meeting.
Poster title:
Enhanced Breakup of Entering Meteoroids by Internal Air Percolation
Session:
NH13A: Asteroids: Surveys, Characterization, Impact Risk, and Mitigation II Posters
Date: Monday, 11 December 2017
Time: 1:40 - 6:00 p.m. CST
Location: Morial Convention Center, Poster Hall, Halls D-F
Abstract number: NH13A-0108
Contact information for the researcher:
Jay Melosh, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana, U.S.A.: jmelosh@purdue.edu, +1 (520) 243-9761.
Related paper:
Air Penetration Enhances Fragmentation of Entering Meteoroids
The following release and accompanying images can be found at: http://news. agu. org/ press-release/ agu-fall-meeting-new-simulations-suggest-meteors-explode-from-the-inside/
Please visit the 2017 Fall Meeting Media Center to view previous media advisories and press releases that include important information about press registration, badge pickup, press conferences, potentially newsworthy presentations, quiet rooms, online media resources, searching the scientific program and AGU On-Demand.
AGU Contacts:
Nanci Bompey914-552-5759
Lauren Lipuma
504-427-6069
llipuma@agu.org
AGU Fall Meeting Press Room:
Morial Convention Center, Room 350-351
504-670-5513
news@agu.org
BAGHDAD (AP) — An influential Iraqi Shiite cleric is urging their fighters to hand state-issued weapons back to the government following the declaration of victory against the Islamic State group.
Muqtada al-Sadr also called on their forces to hand some of the territory they control to other branches of Iraq's security forces, but said their men would remain as protectors of a holy Shiite shrine in Samarra, north of Baghdad.
Al-Sadr's speech was broadcast on Iraq television on Monday.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over IS in a national address on Saturday evening, after Iraqi forces cleared the last IS strongholds from Iraq's western desert.
Advertisement
Al-Sadr's fighters took up arms against IS in the summer of 2014 after the fall of Mosul and are officially part of the government-sanctioned Popular Mobilization Forces.
The clock is ticking. We're just days away from the total solar eclipse on Monday, August 21. But we'll learn sooner than that whether huge crowds cause traffic gridlock in the eclipse's path.
One central Oregon city is not taking any chances.
Many of the key highways to and from prime eclipse viewing spots in central Oregon converges on the crossroads town of Madras. There's a high probability of gridlock if the predicted eclipse crowds come.
Madras normally has a population of about 6,700. But during the solar eclipse travel period, 100,000 people may pass through.
Madras Public Works Director Jeff Hurd wants to make sure police, firefighters, ambulances, doctors, road crews and the trucks that empty porta-potties can get through.
"What we started talking about was, 'Hey, we need to have our own route,'” Hurd said. “It will be solely open just for us so we can get where we need to get in case of emergency.”
The essential services routes include two north-south corridors and one east-west corridor. Residents who live on the mostly-residential streets have been mailed passes so they can go to and fro.
Hurd said the closures of backstreets connecting the city center to the hospital, fire station, jail and public works yard will last from Friday, August 18 through the eclipse Monday.
Madras appears to be the only Northwest town to convert public streets into limited-access emergency routes for the solar eclipse.
The city is almost directly under the centerline of the solar eclipse's path. Numerous farmland and property owners in the surrounding area are temporarily converting fields into camping areas and event parking for the long eclipse weekend.
New Delhi: Pakistan cricket secured a stunning victory over hosts England in the first semi-final final of the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 at Cardiff, with speedster Hasan Ali claiming man-of-the-match crown for their special spell consisting of three wickets for 35 runs. (Champions Trophy - Full Coverage)
With England's Jonny Bairstow as their first victim, Hasan picked up the all important wickets of opposition skipper Eoin Morgan and star batsman Ben Stokes to defy the hosts any chance of building a solid partnership.
Here's how the 32-year-old had claimed all of their three wickets:-
Hassan Ali took 3/35 including Bairstow, Morgan and Stokes to set the platform for a crushing victory by @TheRealPCB #ENGvPAK #CT17 pic.twitter.com/srXhW7jPgh — ICC (@ICC) June 14, 2017
Bairstow, dropped twice, accumulated 43 runs through good shot placement and quick running between the wickets before they pulled seamer Ali to Mohammad Hafeez at deep square leg.
Joe Root and Morgan continued to score at about five runs an over but Root, on 46, nicked leg-spinner Shadab Khan to wicketkeeper Sarfraz, and Morgan (33) aimed an expansive drive at the lively Hasan only to give Sarfraz another catch to leave England in trouble at 141 for four.
Stokes, one of the most destructive batsmen in the world, failed to hit a boundary in a scratchy 34 before being dismissed by Hasan.
Pakistan skipper Sarfraz Ahmed gave full credit to the bowlers for their disciplined yet aggressive display against England.
"Credit goes to the bowlers and the batters who finished it very well," Sarfraz said. "We adapted to the conditions, we knew if we restricted them we could easily chase it down.
"Every game is a knockout game and I told my boys to play their game and not worry about the result.
TAPRCO announces results of Extraordinary General meeting (TASI) Date: 16 Apr 2017 Tihama Advertising & Public Relations Co. announced results of Extraordinary General meeting held on April 13, 2017. Shareholders approved to reduce capital by 50% from SAR 150 Mill to SAR 75 Mill with the purpose of writing off Accumulated Losses. Shareholders also approved to amend Clauses (7, 27,28,29 & 30) of the Company Statute.
© ABC
Julio RosasJulio is a writer for IJR and is currently serving in the Marine Corps Reserves
With Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announcing their retirement and President Donald Trump now able to nominate another justice, The View's Joy Behar said the United States was becoming a dictatorship."Let's have everybody a Republican," Behar said sarcastically. "The Supreme Court, the Congress, the presidency. What is that called? Dictatorship, I believe."Watch the video below:Fellow co-host Whoopi Goldberg was also very upset at the prospect of Trump being able to get another judge on the bench."If you take my right away from me to judge what I do for my family and my body, I got a little problem with that," they said. "You got a problem - you don't want people to take your guns, well get out of my behind. Get out of my vagina."Since Kennedy's announcement, Trump has said they will pick from a list of 25 nominees."He is a man that I've known for a long time and a man that I've respected for a long time. He's been a great justice of the Supreme Court.  They are a man who is displaying great vision," Trump said . "We will begin our search for a new justice of the United States Supreme Court. That will begin immediately."
Caesar Rodney credits teamwork, sets sights on championship. The Riders took care of Wilmington Friends, 12-5 in a state semifinal. William Bretzger, The News Journal
They say it's what's on the inside that counts and that's certainly true for this month's 3D scanning competition! We want you to scan an entire room or indoor space as completely as possible. Let's transport people around the world in VR!
As an added bonus, this week's challenge is sponsored by CapturingReality with entrants getting a two week trial license of their RealityCapture software (details of how to get one of these are in the Rules section). Here's what they have to say about the challenge:
“Everyday we see the lot of amazing 3D models. That is why we are really excited about this room/indoor space scanning challenge. It is not an easy task; therefore, we are very curious how the contestants will handle it. This contest is also a perfect opportunity for those who have not tried RealityCapture yet as we are offering limited number of licenses for the duration of contest.”
TL;DR: Scan a room or indoor space as completely as possible, upload it to Sketchfab and tag it #InteriorScanChallenge
Rules
Scan an indoor space using your favourite scan software.
Feel free to optimise your scan using other software but be sure to upload an unedited version of your scan for us to see too.
To apply for a free trial of RealityCapture, submit a request in the forum thread, along with a description of what you propose to scan.
Submit only new work, but feel free to submit multiple scenes.
Once you've created your scene, upload it to Sketchfab, tag it #InteriorScanChallenge.
Share what you're planning to create on the challenge thread in the forum!
Submission deadline is Monday, August 28 (23:59 New York time – EST)
Judges
The CapturingReality team
Tom, Seori and Bart, Sketchfab Community Team
Abby Crawford, Sketchfab Master
Prize
The winning entry will receive a 3 months license for RealityCapture, as well as 3 months of Sketchfab PRO and a Staff Pick.
Terms and Conditions
© Joshua Roberts / Reuters
The investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential election will ultimately show, the chairperson of the Senate Intelligence Committee told Politico.Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr said that although their committee will not be investigating news organizations,"We're not going to investigate news organizations, but we will use the findings of our report to let the American people hold every news organization accountable for what they portrayed as fact, in many cases without sources - at least, no sources that would admit to it," Burr told Politico on Thursday."And I think, when we finish our report, we will find that quite a few news organizations ran stories that were not factual," they added.He went on to state that, which was aimed at providing an update on the status of the investigation into alleged Russian meddling.Burr's comments come after US President Donald Trump questioned why the Senate Intelligence Committee fails to investigate so-called "fake news."Trump has often criticized the mainstream media for its reporting of alleged Russian meddling in the presidential election, and has referred to the Senate Intelligence Committee's investigation into the matter as a "hoax" and a "witch hunt."Russia, for its part, has consistently denied any interference in the election.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
VAN BUREN -- The Siloam Springs ninth-grade girls finished 1-2 and in fifth place in the Van Buren Tournament this past week after losing to Russellville 44-26 on Friday morning.
Subscribers must LOG IN to read this full story.
Monthly and yearly online subscriptions are available starting at only $2.99. Access is free for print subscribers. Click here to see rates and register.
© Borna Bevanda
For almost ten years I had a job that required incessant driving. I crossed the city by every possible route, often under time pressure. During one of the countless CBC radio interviews I absorbed during that period, the topic turned to coping with rush hour traffic. Someone on the panel offered a novel concept:"You're not stuck in traffic, you are the traffic."Luckily, I was stuck in traffic at that moment, so I had plenty of time to ponder the thought.We tend to think of "traffic" as synonymous with "lots of cars in the way." You're trying to get somewhere so you can fulfill your responsibilities. Other parties have competing, perpendicular interests, and that slows you down. There's you, and there's traffic-traffic being the obstacle.As obvious as it seems in hindsight, I hadn't often thought of my own car as the anonymous, other car it always is to everyone else. It's never anything but in the way, unless you're me. And that's a fact essential to understanding what the everyday problem of traffic actually is-we're all trying to get home, and we're all in the way.No longer feeling at odds with other drivers washes most of the unpleasantness out of the experience. Without indignation or competition, there's room for an emotion that's much more useful in slow-moving traffic: sympathy.Ironically, it's a lot more empowering to concern yourself with minimizing your impact on others than with how others ought to be minimizing their impact on you. I found that while I still had no power to make the other cars move, I did have the power to improve the experience of others, at least slightly: I could let people in, inch up to let someone turn right, and otherwise show fellow traffic-creators that I cared how things went for them. I could offer to others what I couldn't make others offer me.When you see everyone present as both the creator and victim of the scourge of heavy traffic, patience and understanding towards other members of the crowd becomes the natural response,Everyone present in a given afternoon snarl has the same goal, and the same adversary-not other cars, but rather the impersonal, blameless phenomenon that happens when that many people share a completely reasonable desire to go home.Traffic is only one form of crowd though. I try to remember to cultivate the "us" feeling (you might call it "us-consciousness") whenever I notice my own annoyance at long lines, crowded buses, sold-out tickets, occupied gym equipment, or packed overhead bins on airplanes. It's all okay, and it needs to be, because in our own ways we are constantly playing the part of the "other" to others. If it's right that you want this and sometimes get it, it's right that others want it and sometimes get it. So what's the annoyance all about?As far as I can tell there are no downsides to this "us" mentality. It removes much of the unpleasantness of contending with a crowd, without adding any additional work, aside from the work of imagining yourself as the other to those others.It's easy to forget that possibility, however, and slip back into an adversarial relationship to the crowd. I forget it constantly, especially while driving,This moment of forgetting always begins with a thought that you're somehow different, morally speaking, than the rest of the crowd. That guy didn't signal when they changed lanes. I always signal. That car could've made the light-I would've been quicker. I am always very efficient with overhead bin space.We often differ in our style of pursuing what we want, and in which other styles irritate us most easily. Each of us has very specific ideas about the proper way to change lanes, order a sandwich, stack groceries on a conveyor, move through a concert crowd, and back out of a parking spot, oblivious that we are frequently, possibly at this very moment, an irksome "other person" to some other person.When you interpret those style differences as important points of contention, you lose the benefit of us-consciousness, because you lose sight of the much more significant way in which you're the same. After all, a crowd is nothing but the collection of people who showed up with the same idea you did.
Court documents unsealed Monday in the investigation into Prince's death suggest a doctor and a close friend helped them improperly obtain prescription opioid painkillers, but they shed no new light on how the superstar got the fentanyl that killed him.
The affidavits and search warrants were unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues. The documents show authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how they got the fentanyl, a synthetic opioid drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
The documents don't reveal answers to that question, but do provide the most details yet seen on Prince's struggle with addiction to prescription opioids in the days before they died.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park estate on April 21. Just six days earlier, they fell ill on a plane and had to be revived with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
Associates at Paisley Park also told investigators that Prince was recently "going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication."
The documents unsealed Monday allege Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, a family physician who saw the musician twice last April, told authorities they prescribed the opioid painkiller oxycodone to Prince but put it under the name of Prince's bodyguard and close friend, Kirk Johnson, "for Prince's privacy," one affidavit said.
Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, disputed that. They said in a statement that Schulenberg "never directly prescribed opioids to Prince, nor did they ever prescribe opioids to any other person with the intent that they would be given to Prince."
F. Clayton Tyler, Johnson's attorney, released a statement saying that after reviewing the documents, "we believe that it is clear that Kirk Johnson did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death."
Schulenberg is practicing family medicine in Minnesota and Conners said there are no restrictions on their license.
It is illegal for a doctor to write a prescription for someone under another person's name.
Joe Tamburino, a Minnesota defense attorney who is not associated with the Prince case, said while Schulenberg and Johnson could face charges if the allegations are true, it's unlikely state or federal prosecutors would pursue them. They called them low-level offenses that wouldn't draw prison time.
They said for prosecutors, the source of the fentanyl is the big target.
"The oxycodone in this case is only tangential to the whole case," Tamburino said. "If this was a fentanyl script, oh boy, it would be a totally different situation. ... The real meat and potatoes is going to be that fentanyl thing."
The documents said Prince did not have any prescriptions, including for fentanyl.
James L. Jones, a spokesperson for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's field office in Chicago, said anyone convicted of writing a prescription for someone under another person's name could lose their DEA registration — meaning they could no longer prescribe medications — and could face discipline from their state medical board.
In practice, laws against prescribing drugs for someone under a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo. They represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
"They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced," Garofalo said Monday.
Oxycodone, the generic name for the active ingredient in OxyContin, was not listed as a cause of Prince's death. But it is part of a family of painkillers driving the nation's overdose and addiction epidemic, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Nearly 2 million Americans abused or were addicted to prescription opioids, including oxycodone, in 2014.
Patients who take prescription opioids eventually build up a tolerance and need to take stronger doses to get the same effect. In some patients, the cycle leads to dependence and addiction.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles for Johnson. Some pills in other bottles were marked "Watson 853," a label used for a drug that is a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone, another opioid painkiller. Last August, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press that at least one of those pills tested positive for fentanyl, meaning the pill was counterfeit and obtained illegally. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation.
In addition to the dozens of pills recovered, authorities also found a pamphlet for an addiction recovery center in California, the documents unsealed Monday show. The day before Prince died, Paisley Park staffers contacted the California addiction specialist as they were trying to get Prince help.
Dr. Howard Kornfeld sent their son, Andrew, to Minnesota that night, and the younger Kornfeld was among those who found Prince's body. Andrew Kornfeld was carrying buprenorphine, a medication that can be used to help treat opioid addiction. The Kornfelds' attorney, William Mauzy, has said Andrew had intended to give the medication to a doctor.
Prince did not have a cellphone and authorities searched multiple email accounts that they believed they were using, as they tried to determine how they got the drug that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents also say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name "Peter Bravestrong" on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when they traveled.
Investigators have said little publicly about the case over the last year, other than it is active.
___
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of their work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/amy-forliti .
A father of three daughters who were sexually assaulted by Larry Nassar tried to attack the former USA Gymnastics doctor during a sentencing hearing.
Consider Dallas Cowboys cornerback Orlando Scandrick properly motivated.
Credit the trade talk during the 2017 NFL Draft in April as well as the influx of three new rookie cornerbacks, namely Chido Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis, picked in the second and third rounds, respectively.
The normally prickly Scandrick is focused, happy and appreciative about their place on the team.
"I'm all in," Scandrick said. "This is the only place I know. I have never been in another locker room. I don't want to go in another locker room. I want to finish this thing out there and to win a championship. I have accepted the challenge of the new guys coming in. I've told them I'm not going to give anybody my job."
The confident Scandrick, 30, is finally healthy again after missing 2015 with a torn anterior cruciate ligament and spending much of last season laboring from complications, including hamstring injuries and plantar fasciitis.
Players are usually back to their former status a year removed from the injury and defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli says they are seeing the old Scandrick again in practice.
Scandrick was the team's best cornerback from 2012-2014.
"He is getting back to their speed and movement," Marinelli said. "He is getting better more time on the job, more time away from injury.  They are having another good off-season. I enjoy watching him."
Scandrick says things are night and day from their time last year when they were held out of all activities in mini-camp and then entered the season wondering if they could trust their knee.
"I had a lot of pain last year," Scandrick said. "I didn't trust it last year. It's different. I'm more confident. I'm calm. I'm back to who I was. The mental aspect is the part that takes the longest. You've got to trust yourself with people around your feet."
In summary, Scandrick has their swagger back and has no plans of giving away their job.
"Of course, when they bring in new people that gives you extra motivation," Scandrick said. "But the time is now. My time is now. I'm not going to look over my shoulder wondering what is going to happen. I feel like I was an ascending player when I tore my ACL and I'm going back to that."
Marinelli said the return of the former Scandrick will help make up for the losses of veteran leadership on defense with the departures of cornerbacks Morris Claiborne and Brandon Carr and safeties Barry Church and J.J. Wilcox.
"He is a heck of a player now," Marinelli said. "We all know that. Their leadership. Their savvyiness. We are really counting on him."
Considering they came into the league with a chip on their shoulder as an overlooked fifth-round pick in 2008 and used it to fuel a nine-year career, motivation has never been a factor for Scandrick.
Still, the extra burr in their side from the trade talk and the influx of rookies has been evident throughout the off-season.
"He is an eternally motivated man," Marinelli said. "He's got a lot of pride. They come out with a chip on their shoulder every day. That is who they are.  They are a competitor.  They are a terrific competitor.”
10 things to do in Weston-super-Mare this Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day events are taking place around Weston-super-Mare. Picture: Leks_Laputin Leks_Laputin
Valentine's Day is like marmite – you either love it or you hate it – but this year there are plenty of things to get up to in and around Weston-super-Mare.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Enjoy fish and chips at the Boardwalk Cafe on the Grand Pier. Enjoy fish and chips at the Boardwalk Cafe on the Grand Pier.
1. Eat fish and chips at the Grand Pier
The British love affair with fish and chips will be celebrated on the pier on Valentine's Day.
The newly-refurbished Boardwalk Café will reopen for couples to enjoy fish and chips.
The Lego Batman Movie The Lego Batman Movie
2. Spend the night at the cinema
If you want to keep your Valentine's Day low key then you cannot go wrong with a cinema date.
The Lego Batman Movie, Fifty Shades Darker and T2 Trainspotting are just a small selection of the films on at the Odeon, in The Centre, on Valentine's Day.
A dog walker taking a stroll along Brean Down. Picture credit: James Walters A dog walker taking a stroll along Brean Down. Picture credit: James Walters
3. Take a stroll through the Somerset countryside
Start your Valentine's Day off right with a refreshing walk through Weston's countryside.
You can walk along the seafront, through Worlebury Woods, across Brean Down or head further afield and explore Cheddar Gorge.
Here are some of the best food deals for diners on a budget in Weston-super-Mare. Here are some of the best food deals for diners on a budget in Weston-super-Mare.
4. Treat your partner to a delicious meal
If you would like to surprise your loved-one with a romantic meal, several restaurants in Weston are offering Valentine's Day deals.
The Royal Hotel, in South Parade, and Zeera, in Orchard Street are just two of the many restaurants offering set menus and deals tomorrow (Tuesday).
Goodnight Mr Tom will be at The Blakehay Theatre. Goodnight Mr Tom will be at The Blakehay Theatre.
5. Watch Goodnight Mr Tom at The Blakehay Theatre
Take a stroll down memory lane with World War Two drama Goodnight Mr Toms. You can catch the show at 7.30pm from Wednesday to Saturday at The Blakehay Theatre, in Wadham Street.
The story follows William Beech, a young boy who is evacuated to the English countryside, as they forge a remarkable and heart warming friendship with the elderly recluse, Tom Oakley.
Barbara Dickson will be at The Playhouse on Wednesday. Barbara Dickson will be at The Playhouse on Wednesday.
6. See Barbara Dickson at The Playhouse
Join two-time Olivier Award-winner Barbara Dickson for an evening of their greatest hits, including I Know Him So Well and Answer Mel, at The Playhouse, in High Street.
The show will start at 7.30pm on Wednesday and tickets, priced £26-27, are available at 01934 645544 or via www.theplayhouse.co.uk
No caption needed. No caption needed.
7. Take part in a quiz night in Worlebury
Grab a group of your friends and head over to the Worlebury Golf Club, in Monks Hill, on Friday. The charity quiz night will raise money for the Bone Cancer Research Trust.
The quiz will start at 7.30pm and tickets, priced £5 per person, are available by emailing fran.kennedy@tiscali.co.uk
St Paul's Church, Weston-s-Mare. St Paul's Church, Weston-s-Mare.
8. Have dinner at St Paul's Church
A Valentine's dinner will be hosted by St Paul's Church, in Walliscote Road, to raise money for its extension.
The dinner will start at 7.30pm on Friday. Email Cindy Tratt on cindytratt6@gmail.com for more information.
No caption needed. No caption needed.
9. Enjoy jazz at The Imperial
If you would like to get out and about and enjoy Weston's music scene, then look no further than The Imperial, in South Parade, on Friday night.
Enjoy a jazz night with your closest friends and tuck in to some delicious food and fine cocktails from 8pm.
Grand Pier fireworks. Photo by Nathan Cooper. Grand Pier fireworks. Photo by Nathan Cooper.
10. Watch fireworks on the Grand Pier
Pull your loved one close and watch fireworks from the Grand Pier on Saturday.
The Fireworks At Sea display will start at 5pm and entry is £7.50, which includes unlimited rides.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Lin-Manuel Miranda, "Game of Thrones" and a key figure in the #MeToo movement are among the winners of this year's Webby Awards.
Miranda won the Webby for public service and social activism for their work raising money for charities assisting Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
Susan Fowler, the former Uber employee whose harassment revelations helped lead to the ouster of the company's CEO and bolstered the #MeToo movement, was named Webbys person of the year.
The awards, which honor internet excellence, were announced Tuesday and will be presented May 14 at a New York ceremony hosted by comedian Amber Ruffin.
Winners from music include Jay-Z, Katy Perry and Lada Gaga.
"Game of Thrones" won for best overall online presence, and the video game phenomenon Fortnite won for best multiplayer competitive game.
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
An elite women's cycling race is coming to Warwickshire this summer for a second year in a row - but this time will finish in Leamington instead of Stratford.
Stage 3 of the Aviva Women's Tour will head to the county on Friday June 9. Riders will start in Atherstone, the same as last year, and eventually finish in Leamington after 93 miles of pedalling.
Although the exact route details have not been revealed, a basic map of the route suggests the cyclists will pass through parts of Kenilworth, Leek Wootton and Warwick before heading further south.
The riders will then head east and back north to finish in Leamington.
Cllr Philip Johnson, chair of the communities and scrutiny committee said: “I am delighted that the details of the stages for the Women's Tour have been announced.
“It's important that we continue to secure events of this calibre into the future to build on last year's success.”
Around 75,000 spectators turned out in force last year to cheer on the riders along the route, despite the torrential rain that fell throughout the morning.
The riders battled hard with each other and against the adverse conditions during a sprint stage down Warwick Road in Kenilworth, where extra points were on offer for the cyclist who crossed the line first.
And later in the stage as the weather improved, the riders powered past Warwick's historic buildings before heading into the hilly Cotswolds. The stage then finished in Stratford.
Warwickshire County Council's leader Cllr Izzi Seccombe was very pleased the race was heading back to the county, as it would give another boost to businesses.
They said: “Playing host to Stage 2 of this high profile cycling tour last year offered a chance to showcase our county at its best.
“The huge numbers of visitors meant that many local businesses were able to benefit from the boost it gave to the region and we are looking forward already to the race returning to Warwickshire.”
Race director Mick Bennett said the race was coming back to Warwickshire this year because crowds ‘embraced' the tour in 2016.
The Women's Tour is a five-stage race, all completed within five days. All the world's best cycle teams are set to enter, and last year's champion Lizzie Deignan is expected to defend their title.
Gold medallist in the team pursuit at the Rio Olympics Katie Archibald will also be entering, and said they were ‘excited but nervous' to take part due to the competitive nature of the event.
The race will begin in Northamptonshire on Wednesday June 7, with the riders cycling between Daventry and Kettering.
Stage 2 sees the riders head to Staffordshire and the city of Stoke-on-Trent prior to the racers coming to Warwickshire a day later.
The fourth stage will be in Chesterfield and Derbyshire, and the final stage will take place in London on Sunday June 11 using the same route as the men's Tour of Britain.
The Federal Reserve's decision on an interest rate hike will likely cause some more market volatility later this week. Analysts expect the US policymaker to raise the rate by 0.25 per cent on Wednesday, which experts say could send global markets into another tailspin after inflation fears led to a major market selloff in February.
Ahead of that announcement, financial officials from the world's wealthiest countries including Canada will be meeting at the Group of 20 events in South America. Traders will be watching for any mention on tariffs or possible trade wars between China and the US.
On Wall Street, the Dow is expected to be weighted by the Tech Sector this morning. This comes as Facebook shares have dropped three per cent following more questions about data breaches and voting influence in the 2016 US election. Apple is adding some weight as well with shares down 1 per cent as the company is dropping Samsung as a screen provider to take on a more expensive venture of building its screens in house.
The Loonie is gaining to 76.39 cents US ahead of Stats Can report on inflation and retail sales coming later this week.
Oil is down to 62.13 a barrel.
Gold has dropped to 1,310 an ounce.
(ABC NEWS)- More than 30 preemies staying in Advocate Children's Hospital's Neonatal Intensive Care Unit in Downers Grove, Illinois, donned red, white and blue outfits as part of an early Independence Day celebration.
The little ones were all photographed to give their families happy memories, despite not being home yet.
Nurses and child life specialists helped decorate their surroundings with American flags to celebrate their first Fourth of July with their parents.
Tax cuts were supposed to save the GOP from Trump
Photo: Elise Amendola / Associated Press Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin speaks at an event on Tax Day,...
Tax cuts were supposed to save the Republican Party from President Trump.
Voters would ignore the president's Twitter outbursts; their Cabinet's private-jet and redecoration scandals; the Russia investigation; porn star and Playmate payoffs; and many other miscellaneous embarrassments.
Voters were supposed to be so very grateful to have a little extra pocket money that they would be willing to overlook all that nonsense and eagerly cast their ballots for the GOP come November.
Unfortunately for Republicans, this deus tax machina never arrived.
Just 27 percent of Americans believe the GOP tax overhaul was a good idea, according to a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll. Even among Republican voters, the tax cuts are not exactly thunderously popular: A little more than half (56 percent) say they were a good idea.
Other polls this month found similar results. And tax cuts are already failing Republicans on the campaign trail, too.
Take the recent Pennsylvania special congressional election. During the first two weeks of February, about two-thirds of the broadcast TV ads supporting the Republican candidate mentioned taxes, according to an analysis by Politico. Over subsequent weeks, taxes were featured in fewer and fewer ads, until they virtually disappeared. In the end, of course, the Republican candidate lost.
Today, Hillary Clinton — a private citizen who is not on the ballot — is playing a more prominent role in Republican campaign messaging than is the party's one and only major legislative achievement.
Republicans and Trump surrogates complain that the tax overhaul isn't resonating with voters because the media is obsessed with the investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller III and won't cover tax reform.
“We're constantly out there making the case as to how the tax plan is helping Americans, how deregulation is helping the economy,” White House Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short said Sunday on NBC's “Meet the Press,” deflecting questions on the Russia inquiry.
The real issue, however, is that even the president isn't “making the case.”
This month, Trump was supposed to give a talk in West Virginia touting their new tax law. Instead, when they got to the stage, they tossed their script — literally — and proclaimed that their prepared remarks were “a little boring.”
They then rambled about some of their favorite conspiratorial hobbyhorses, including unfounded claims of illegal voting and rapist immigrants. This past week — Tax Week, mind you — Trump likewise tweeted more times about fired FBI director James B. Comey than they did about their tax plan. (Nearly all of those tax-related tweets were retweets, by the way.)
However undisciplined the president's tax-related messaging is, Republicans were counting on the fact that Americans would at least notice their paychecks swelling as their withholding fell. But that hasn't happened, either.
In a Gallup survey this month, only 18 percent of respondents said they believe the GOP tax overhaul is lowering their federal income taxes. This despite the fact that 80 percent of households should expect a tax cut this year, according to the Tax Policy Center.
Why the disconnect? Republicans can blame Democratic propaganda, but the reality is that, for most people, the tax cut just wasn't that noticeable. Spread out over the course of a year, the amount of reduced withholding in any given paycheck is likely to be relatively small. That modest change may also be masked by all the other factors that can cause take-home pay to bounce around, such as changes in wages, hours, insurance premiums, 401(k) selections and so on.
This was all entirely predictable.
Tax cuts passed by Presidents George W. Bush (in 2001 and 2003) and Barack Obama (in 2009, as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act) were actually more generous to the middle class than Trump's were. Yet, when Americans were surveyed shortly after each of those cuts was implemented, almost no one realized their taxes had gone down then, either.
Today, Americans have also noticed that the new tax law has blown another huge hole in the federal budget and is heavily tilted toward corporations and the rich. That latter factor is likely to weigh more heavily on their views of the tax law than whatever they see in their paychecks. Past surveys have found that Americans are much more bothered by the perception that corporations and the wealthy pay too little than by the feeling they themselves pay too much.
Given all this, it is difficult to fathom why House Republicans and the Trump team are agitating for yet more top-heavy tax cuts ahead of the midterm elections. Unless, of course, it's not the general public they are trying to impress: Unlike those fickle, fairness-minded voters, you can always count on donors to appreciate a generous fiscal giveaway.
© 2018, Washington Post Writers Group
Email: crampell@washpost.com Twitter: @crampell
By The Associated Press
Boston AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Betts rf 5 4 4 3 0 1 .280 Pedroia 2b 5 1 2 0 0 0 .302 Bogaerts ss 5 0 2 3 0 0 .325 Benintendi lf 3 0 1 1 0 0 .281 Ramirez 1b 3 0 0 0 1 1 .240 Bradley Jr. cf 4 0 2 0 0 0 .253 Sandoval 3b 2 1 1 0 1 0 .217 b-Rutledge ph-3b 1 0 0 0 0 1 .247 Leon c 3 1 1 0 1 0 .226 Johnson p 2 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Velazquez p 1 0 0 0 0 0 .000 J.Kelly p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Barnes p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — c-Young ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .261 Scott p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Totals 35 7 13 7 3 3
Philadelphia AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Herrera cf 5 0 0 0 0 2 .248 Kendrick 2b 4 1 1 1 0 0 .340 Altherr rf 4 1 1 2 0 1 .286 Joseph 1b 2 0 1 0 2 0 .263 Franco 3b 4 0 0 0 0 0 .223 Nava lf 3 0 1 0 1 1 .321 Rupp c 4 0 0 0 0 2 .206 Galvis ss 3 1 2 0 1 0 .236 Hellickson p 2 0 0 0 0 0 .125 Garcia p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — a-T.Kelly ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .207 Morgan p 0 0 0 0 0 0 .500 Gomez p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — d-Blanco ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .186 Totals 33 3 6 3 4 6
Boston 230 100 001—7 13 0 Philadelphia 003 000 000—3 6 0
a-flied out for Garcia in the 7th. b-struck out for Sandoval in the 8th. c-popped out for Barnes in the 9th. d-grounded out for Gomez in the 9th.
LOB_Boston 5, Philadelphia 7. 2B_Betts (23), Bogaerts (18), Bradley Jr. (8), Leon (5), Joseph (12), Galvis 2 (13). HR_Betts (10), off Hellickson; Betts (11), off Morgan; Altherr (11), off Johnson. RBIs_Betts 3 (37), Bogaerts 3 (26), Benintendi (39), Kendrick (11), Altherr 2 (36). SF_Benintendi.
Runners left in scoring position_Boston 3 (Pedroia, Bradley Jr., Johnson); Philadelphia 3 (Franco, Rupp, Hellickson). RISP_Boston 3 for 14; Philadelphia 1 for 6.
Advertisement
FIDP_Ramirez. GIDP_Bogaerts, Bradley Jr..
DP_Philadelphia 4 (Joseph, Galvis), (Altherr, Joseph), (Joseph, Galvis), (Galvis, Kendrick, Joseph).
Boston IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Johnson 2 2-3 4 3 3 1 1 44 4.29 Velazquez, W, 1-1 3 1-3 1 0 0 1 2 50 6.48 J.Kelly, H, 6 1 0 0 0 1 1 14 1.27 Barnes, H, 10 1 1 0 0 1 2 27 3.26 Scott 1 0 0 0 0 0 13 1.65 Philadelphia IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Hellickson, L, 5-5 5 9 6 6 3 1 93 4.91 Garcia 2 1 0 0 0 1 16 3.65 Morgan 1 1-3 3 1 1 0 1 24 9.26 Gomez 2-3 0 0 0 0 0 4 7.17
Hellickson pitched to 1 batter in the 6th.
Inherited runners-scored_Velazquez 1-0, Garcia 1-0.
Umpires_Home, Jim Reynolds; First, Jim Wolf; Second, Lance Barrett; Third, Stu Scheurwater.
T_3:26. A_28,263 (43,651).
How many films and TV shows will it take to teach us that going to a cabin in the woods ends in trouble?
The Netflix series “Le Chalet” opens differently from most Netflix pilots: a man named Sébastien undergoes a psychiatric evaluation after an incident took place at a chalet. Cut to expectant couple, Adèle and Manu, driving toward the chalet while an unknown captive is bound and gagged below the mountainside.
The former residents of the chalet abandoned the place after two months, but twenty years later, it is renovated for a good friend's wedding. However, after a weathered boulder destroys the bridge between the valley and civilization, they are stranded in the middle of nowhere with a growing sense of paranoia and a mysterious serial killer on the loose.
The most compelling aspect of the series is how tense the build-up is. From the opening shot, “Le Chalet” maintains a consistently dreadful atmosphere juxtaposed with an peaceful, gorgeous village setting. Its pace may be slow, but it compliments the story's execution. Most “cabin in the woods” stories tend to be predictable to the point of becoming forgettable. However, “Le Chalet” constructs an engaging thriller without the need for excessive violence or obscene content.
Initially, the story is overstuffed with numerous plot points that it is hard to keep up with at first. There are references to unrequited lust, bullying, post-traumatic stress and murder within the first episode. At times, it is hard for me to keep up with everyone's names. However, what amplifies these characters are how they interact with one another. The actors carry the mystery behind each other's pasts with intrigue and suspense.
The story is told in anachronic order, jumping back and forth between 1997 and 2017. Because of this, the transitions can be jarring at times, especially at the beginning of the series. However, what saves some of the choppiness is how there are subtleties in various scenes you will have to go back and examine after the initial viewing. For example, a written piece of prose one character reads comes up in a conversation from the past, tightening the story so that it challenges the viewer to pay attention.
Because of how captivating the story is, the language barrier will not serve as an issue for most people. The fact “Le Chalet” debuted in its native language should not deter people from giving this series a look. “Le Chalet” is an enthralling take on the “cabin in the woods” premise that makes for an international treat.
Monday, January 2nd, 2017 12:33PM CST
10
Topic Options: View Discussion · Sign in or Join to reply
NEW HOT PREORDERS:
NEW HOT IN STOCK ITEMS:
Save BIG on 300+ items at TFSource's Winter Sale!
Toyworld - TW-C07 - Constructor - Full set of 6 figures now up for preorder!
Now up for preorder - Upgrades for Constructor Green and Yellow Versions!
Now up for preorder - ToyWorld - TW-M07 Spaceracer!
Now up for preorder - ToyWorld - TW-M01 Primorion, TW-M03 Crank and TW-M04 Spanner!
Instock: MP-33 Masterpiece Inferno w/ diecast Mini Metal Optimus Prime!
Now Instock - Masterpiece Shattered Glass Optimus Prime!
Now up for preorder - MP-37 Artfire w/ Targetmaster Nightstick!
Instock and ready to be added to your collection! Get MP-33 Masterpiece Inferno here at TFSource
Official images from Takara Tomy of Masterpiece Megatron V2.
Masterpiece Reissues available for preorder!
According to the Maketoys Facebook Page MTRM-09 Downbeat will be coming out in January 2017!
Make Toys - City Bot Series - MCB03P - Devil Stinger stands ready to battle their arch-nemesis Utopia!
Full color image of MakeToys Contactshot!
Get the Gravity Builder - Full set of 6 Figures PLUS Megasorry & Tyrant here at TFSource -
Relive the glory of the 1986 Transformers movie with the Platinum Edition Autobot Heroes Set!
Hot new preorder: DNA Designs DS-01 Susanoo.
Now up for preorder: DNA Design- DK-04 - Fortress Maximus - Foot upgrade kit.
Now restocked - BadCube - OTS-08 Sunsurge!
New Preorder at TFSource - C+ CUSTOMS - THC-02 - Combiner Wars - Defensor - Add on set!
New Preorder - C+ Customs - THC-02B - Combiner Wars - Victorion - Add on set!
Back Instock: FansToys FT-04 Scoria - Reissue.
Now Instock: Fans Toys FT-18 - Lupus.
Preorder are now avaliable for Fanstoys FT-20A - AEGIS SENTINEL Pack A & B!
Now Instock: Iron Factory - IF-EX17L Norimune & 17S Muramasa.
New images from Iron Factory of IF-EX14 Ultimate Commander!
Tons of Iron Factory preorders avaliable at TFSource!
Huge new Iron Factory preorder now avaliable at TFSource!
Preorder Iron Factory's IF-EX20F - Fang of Tyranny Set of 3 figures here -
Adding Iron Factory IF-EX18 Lord Scorpion to your collection is just a click away. Get it here
Now Instock - Titans Return 2016 - Deluxe Wave 3 - Set of 4!
MMC R-28 Tyrantron now up for preorder at TFSource!
Now Instock - Limited edition, TFCon Chicago Exclusive MMC Ocular Max - PS-10 Roadcrane.
Now Instock - Mastermind Creations - Ocular Max - PS-06!
New Preorders! Dr. Wu - P30 Power of Titan solid and clear versions.
Now up for preorder - Professor Heisenberg - SS01 - Solution Set (Master Cleaver and Cannon)!
Fans Hobby Master Builder MB-01 - Archenemy and MB-02 Megatooth up for preorder.
Now up for preorder - Fansproject Lost Realm LER-05 Comera and LER-06 Echara!
Now instock,the latest release in Fansproject's Warbot series - WB007-Dai-Z!
Add EHobby's Transformers Legends - Manga Convoy to your collection.
Preorder avaliable for the second figure in the TFC Toys Trinity Force team - TF-02 - Red Knight!
New Preorder: TFC Toys - PS-03Y - HerQules - SP ver. - Limited Edition Yellow Version!
TFC Toys P-06 Thousandkills now up for preorder!
Now available for Preorder, TFC Toys' first release in their Trinity Force team - TF-01 Raging Bull!
Now up for preorder – The legendary figure that combines with Super Ginrai to form Super God Ginrai - LG42 Godbomber!
Now up for Preorder! Perfect Effect - PC 15 Perfect Combiner Upgrade Kit or Powermaster Prime LG Ginrai.
New Takara Legends instock!
X-Transbot's Masterpiece scaled MM-IX Klaatu transfroms from UFO to robot and back!
Now up for preorder - X-Transbots MM-X Toro & MM-XI Coprimozzo!
Missed it the 1st time around, well we've got you covered. Preorder DX9 Carry at TFSource
NEW SOURCE INTERVIEW!
NEW SOURCE REVIEW!
NEW SOURCE REVIEW!
NEW SOURCE ARTICLE!
NEW SOURCE REVIEW!
NEW SOURCE ARTICLE!
Have you signed up for Source Points yet?
Why go to the store when you can go to the SOURCE!
Credit(s): TFSource
TFsource News! Toyworld Constructor Full Set, Downbeat, Platinum Ed. Autobot Heroes & Gravity Builder!________________________Keep away the cold with BIG TF Savings at TFSource's Winter Sale! 300 items with more to be added, save up to 70% off!________________________Get your preorder in here today at TFSource -Check them out here:Preorder yours here:Preorder all 3 today![urlhttps://tfsource.com/toyworld/TW-M01-Primorion/]ToyWorld - TW-M01 Primorion[/url]________________________Add to your collection today -Order yours here:Preorder yours at TFSource here:Preorder yours here at TFSource -MP-10 Optimus, MP-11 Starscream, MP-13 Soundwave with Laserbeak, MP-15 Ravage and Rumble, and MP-16 Frenzy and Buzzsaw! Preorder each one here -________________________Preorder MakeToys MTRM-09 Downbeat here -preorder it at TFSource -Preorder yours here -________________________________________________Preorder the Platinum Edition Autobot Heroes - Set of 5 figures today!________________________Get your preorder in today at TFSource -This kit features a set of articulated feet, hip joint and new cover plate! Get your preorder in here -________________________Order yours here:________________________THC-02 by C+ Custom includes everything needed to upgrade your combiner wars Defensor figures! Preorder here -Preorder here at TFSource -________________________Don't miss out again! Get it here -Order yours here -This ginormous bot is one you will not want to miss out on! Get yours here -Also up for preorder from FansToys - Fans Toys FT-22 - Koot, Fans Toys FT-27 - Spindrift, and Fans Toys FT-28 - Hydra! Preorder here:________________________Add them to your collection today!Preorder IF-EX 14 at TFSource -Check out all the new preorders here -Preorder IF - War Giant today!________________________Order yours here:________________________Get your preorder in here -Hurry while supplies last!Order yours here:________________________Get these great add-ons today!________________________Preorder at TFsource here:________________________Get them here -________________________Preorder today at TFSource -Order yours here today!________________________Preorder it here at TFSource -________________________Preorder Today -This limited edition recolor of HerQules comes in exclusive SGC convention packaging.Order it here today!Preorder it here -________________________Preorder here at TFSource -Get it here at TFSource -Find all your favorites here -________________________Preorder Klaatu here -Preorder here:________________________________________________Nic Hughes had their Rock Lords collection on show at TFN, but their TF passion is even greater Collector Interview 55 – Nicholas Hughes Kuma Style is back! With a toy review on Fansproject's WB-007 Dai Z. Check it out here - Instock at TFSource - https://tfsource.com/fansproject/warbot/dai-z/ Check out what Peaugh has to say in their latest review on Mastermind Creations R-21 - TITANIKA. Get MMC R-21 Titanika here at TFSource - Mastermind Creations R-21 - TITANIKA Maz's Top Ten purchases of 2016, this week running through #10 to #6 - Top 10 of 2016 – Part 1 | Source Blog Check out Peaugh's Final Version update review on PS-06 Terraegis! Then add it to your collection by clicking here - https://tfsource.com/ocular-max/PS-06-terraegis/ How difficult is it to continue collecting Transformers in an unfamiliar country? How Do I Collect Here? | Source Blog ________________________Earn points with every purchase towards Freebies! Accumulated points and want to redeem them? Click the following link to enroll or redeem your points today!________________________________________________
Ag Valley Cooperative at Edison has experienced another incident. Monday morning, fire crews were called to a “flash fire” at Ag Valley's new dry shed at their fertilizer facility. This, following a grain bin collapse just a week before across the road at their grain facility.
Interim General Manager Jeff Krejdl says sulfur was being elevated through one of the legs at the dry shed when a flash fire occurred. Krejdl said the explosion panels on the leg did their job and blew out the pressure as the fire moved up the leg causing only minimal damage.
Fire crews from Edison and surrounding communities responded, but did not have to put any water on the structure.
Krejdl says crews will come in and assess the damage which they say is minimal. They did not speculate on a dollar amount.
There were no injuries. The dry shed facility is new and was first used in January of this year according to Krejdl.
Fox's coverage of the Teen Choice awards on Sunday night drew 1.94 million total viewers and a 0.6 demo rating, up 17 and 20 percent from last year's broadcast. In the Teen demo, the show grew 25 percent, pulling a 1.5 rating.
The CW's Riverdale was the night's big winner with seven total surfboards, including for Choice Drama TV Show and Choice Breakout TV Show.
Over on CBS, the numbers are a bit scrambled by golf delays but Big Brother (5.4 mil/1.6) is currently down 17 and 20 percent to its lowest numbers since July 21, while Candy Crush (2.5 mil/0.6) is up 25 and 50 (!) percent.
Leading out of a Celebrity Family Feud rerun, ABC's Funderdome (3.9 mil/0.8) was up a tenth, while $100,000 Pyramid (4.2 mil/0.7) was flat.
Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
© FBI | WikimediaCommons
CRTV's Dan Bongino filled in as the host of the Mark Levin Show Thursday evening to break down their thesis that the Obama surveillance abuse is the "most consequential political scandal in the history of the United States."The former Secret Service agent briefed listeners on what they referred to as "Obamagate," going through what has unfolded over the course of the presidential campaign."The slobs up on [Capitol] Hill in the Democrat Party who are now, in effect,(2:50)Bongino singled out Democratic Rep. Adam "Shifty" Schiff as a "lying, manipulative sleazeball" who they accused of lying to the American people about the truth of the "Obamagate" scandal.Using their training as a former federal officer, Bongino mapped out the most important elements of "Obamagate," highlighting the red flags that implicate Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and other former high-ranking administration officials along the way.
The last time I talked to Martyn Ware they were visiting Harrogate working to talk about a possible ambitious art-sound installation.
It never quite came off but I did at least learn at that memorable meeting that, of all the members of synth pop legends Human League, a band Ware co-founded, the one who might not have done anything without that push was its most famous member – Phil Oakey.
I'm talking to Ware again because one of their other legendary incarnations – arty early 80s electronic provocateurs British Electric Foundation – are playing a headline gig at Grassington Festival in North Yorkshire shortly.
The emphasis will be on entertainment from what is a stellar cast, rather than the avant garde, they tell me.
“It's going to be a lot of fun. The rules of the game are that every singer does an electronic version of their biggest hit plus one unusual cover, from Bowie to soul to the Sex Pistols.
“There will be a Prince tribute at the end. We've got a lot of guest singers such as Peter Hook, Jaki Graham, Glen Matlock, Mari Wilson and, of course, Glenn Gregory.”
The latter fronted up popular hitmakers Heaven 17 with Ware after their time together in the thrilling pioneering days of early electronic pop with Human League and BEF.
Ware may have kept on nodding terms with the pop world for nearly four decades now but they haven't forgotten their experimental roots in the late 1970s when they and their fellow Human League members had the self-belief to imagine the future and create it for themselves - and the world - in industrial Sheffield.
Ware said: “It was the arrogance of youth. It's not knowing what you don't know.
“As well as my art, I do a lot of theatre work and film soundtracks. I still see myself reflected in that 20-year-old.
“I remember Vince Clarke of Erasure, who's a very quiet guy, once said something to me that had a profound impact, “I'm my own biggest fan. I think everything I do is brilliant.”
“I still feel a bit like that. You have to be that way to keep being creative.”
BEF play at the Festival Field Marquee, Grassington on Friday, June 29, 8pm.
Updated: House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was shot in the hip and multiple Congressional aides were hit by a gunman with both a rifle and pistol who targeted Republicans and opened fire at a baseball practice in Virginia Wednesday morning. At least one aide was shot in the chest.
The gunman was shot by U.S. Capital Police, apprehended and taken to the hospital. Rep. Mo Brooks reportedly used a belt as a tourniquet to stop Scalise's bleeding. The Congressional teams were practicing for a charity baseball game that raises over a half million for a local charity.
Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., told Fox News they left just before the shooting. As they walked to their car, a man asked DeSantis if it was Republicans or Democrats practicing. About three minutes later the shooting began, DeSantis said.
The shooting began at 7:15 a.m. and lasted about 10 minutes, sources told Fox News. “Behind third base, I see a rifle…I hear Steve Scalise over near 2nd base scream,” Brooks told CNN.
Scalise, 51, is the House majority whip. They have represented Louisiana's First Congressional District since 2008 and chairs the House Republican Study Committee.  They are married with two children. Scalise's district includes New Orleans.
Scalise, who studied computer science at Louisiana State University, worked as a systems engineer before launching their political career. Scalise endorsed President Trump during last year's presidential campaign, and has been a vocal backer of Trump's travel ban. As leader of the powerful study group, they have also spearheaded the effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
The Congressional Baseball Game is scheduled for June 15 at Nationals Park. The game, which has been a tradition since 1909, pits Senate and House members of each party who sport the uniform of their home state. The practice location is about 10 miles from Washington, D.C.
The shooter is in police custody. Latest reports note five people in total where shot.
Click here for more from Fox News.
The shooter has been identified as James T Hodgkinson.
Their Facebook profile shows a strong self-identify as a Bernie Sanders loyalist. Pictures are also surfacing of Hodgkinson conducting political protests – all from the Leftist or Communist side of debate.
President Donald Trump in a press conference on the shooting this morning announced Hodgkinson died of their injuries.
It may be time to question the politically motivated hysteria, propaganda and complete fabrications by Democrats and others on the Left. They are responsible for this violence.
Maybe Kathy Griffin should pay all the hospitable bills or the delusional and demonstrably mentally ill Rep. Maxine Waters should face a special prosecutor.
It is not OK to hate the President of the United States of America. It is not ok to produce a play in New York showing their public murder.
Over decades Republicans have been held to the standard of public and private behavior set by Jesus Christ, but Democrats are somehow approved to do anything, say anything, riot, lie (Ben Rhodes), steal, burn colleges and attack conservative speakers and are never rightly shamed.
The Democratic Party must correct its own or be damned.
Only weeks into the new year and Scotland is in the midst of its second pollution episode of 2017, warns Friends of the Earth Scotland.
Today (Wednesday, February 15) levels of toxic Particulate Matter are breaking World Health Organisation and Scottish regulatory safety standards across much of the Central Belt and the North East of Scotland.
Unsafe levels of Particulate Matter are currently being recorded on official monitors in: Aberdeen, Angus, Dundee, East Ayrshire, East Dunbartonshire, Edinburgh, Falkirk, Fife, Glasgow, North Ayrshire, Renfrewshire, Perth, South Lanarkshire, Stirling, West Dunbartonshire, and West Lothian. The levels are especially high in Edinburgh and Falkirk.
Emilia Hanna, Air Pollution Campaigner for Friends of the Earth Scotland said: “This is the second high pollution episode in the space of a month in Scotland, because it was not predicted by the Government's official forecasting service, it has taken the country by surprise.
“Toxic Particulate Matter has climbed to unsafe levels due to pollution blowing in from the south east combining with the fumes pouring out of car and lorry exhausts on the streets here in Scotland. The current hazy and still weather conditions have stopped the pollution from dispersing. Fortunately, as the winds are set to pick up again from the south west tomorrow, the pollution episode should start to clear.
“The air pollution episode is creating dangerous conditions, especially for vulnerable people with lung or heart problems.”
The health advice that accompanies the levels of pollution being experienced in Aberdeen, Angus, Dundee, East Ayrshire, East Dunbartonshire, Fife, Glasgow, North Ayrshire, Renfrewshire, Perth, South Lanarkshire, Stirling, West Dunbartonshire, and West Lothian is as follows, said Hanna:
“The official health advice that accompanies the levels currently being experienced in these Councils is that adults and children with lung problems, and adults with heart problems, who experience symptoms, should consider reducing strenuous physical activity, particularly outdoors.
The health advice that accompanies the higher levels of pollution being experienced in Edinburgh and Falkirk is as follows, said Hanna:
“The official health advice that accompanies the levels currently being experienced in Edinburgh and Falkirk is that people with lung and heart problems, and older people, should avoid strenuous physical activity. People who are otherwise healthy and don't usually notice pollution are also advised to reduce physical exertion, particularly outdoors, especially if they experience symptoms such as coughs or a sore throat.
“The levels being recorded by monitors today are in breach of World Health Organisation and Scottish safety standards, which were due to have been achieved over a decade ago.”
Traffic-derived air pollution, mainly composed of fine particles and toxic gases, causes thousands of early deaths in Scotland each year and is second only to smoking in terms of its mortality impacts. It has been linked with cancer, allergies, asthma, strokes, heart attacks, restricted foetal development, damaged lung development in children, and more recently, the onset of dementia in adults.
Hanna continued:
“These toxic levels of pollution are damaging our health in a shocking variety of ways and the Scottish Government was legally obliged to ensure clean air by 2010. Traffic is a key culprit of today's pollution, so the Government needs to get serious about making it easier for us to walk, cycle, and use public transport.
“We welcome news that the European Commission has today issued a final warning against the UK Government for their failure tackle our air pollution crisis. The Scottish Government is ultimately responsible for making our air safe to breathe in Scotland. Ministers have promised a Low Emission Zone by 2018, and local politicians are beginning to show willing for a zone, but the Government needs to make a public commitment that it will provide funding for these zones.
RESIDENTS and businesses in Possum Creek are now benefitting from new and improved mobile coverage on Australia's largest mobile network, as Telstra's rollout of the Federal Government's Mobile Black Spot Program picks up speed.
Telstra Area General Manager Mike Marom said almost 400 locations across Australia are benefitting from more mobile coverage through Telstra's delivery of the Mobile Black Spot Program.
"The new mobile base station at Possum delivers Telstra's 3G and state of the art 4GX mobile data services to the area for the first time,” Mr Marom said.
"As the company offering more mobile coverage across the country than anyone else, we know the important role mobile technology plays helping people stay in contact with friends and family, and run businesses effectively.
"We are proud to be part of this important initiative which extends the latest technologies across regional and rural communities, along major regional transport routes, and in locations prone to natural disasters.”
Telstra is now bringing new and improved mobile coverage to additional regional and remote communities, with more than 650 new mobile base stations being built through the Mobile Black Spot Program.
This represents a total Telstra investment of $260 million.
A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom.
New Delhi: It is really interesting times in Indian cricket as Virat Kohli's men are closing in on a special record. Sri Lanka are slated to tour India later in the ongoing calendar year and if India are able to beat them in the upcoming Test series, then Kohli will equal the record for having won the most number of Test series' in a row as a captain.
Currently the record is held by Ricky Ponting who won nine series' in a row as skipper. Kohli is of course one behind with eight series wins in a row.
But it is interesting that during this reign, India have never played a series in New Zealand, England, Australia and South Africa, traditionally considered the most stern tests for an Indian Test team.
In fact, during this reign of eight series wins in a row, India have played two series' in Sri Lanka. One has to then wonder that is it some sort of easy scheduling that has helped the Indian team win these many series' in a row?
After the battle against Sri Lanka, India will travel to South Africa, a land where they have never won a Test series. It is fair to say that one way or the other, it will also tell us where the Indian team actually stands, whether it is a special team as the record suggests or a mere competitive outfit.
The watch scandal has seized a kingdom growing weary of military rule and sparked a spate of creative protests that are challenging the junta's stranglehold on dissent
Published 6:48 PM, February 03, 2018
BANGKOK, Thailand – Thai students with huge banners and caricature puppets on Saturday, February 3, delivered the latest satirical swipe at the junta's number two – known as the "Rolex General" for their collection of undeclared luxury watches.
The watch scandal has seized a kingdom growing weary of military rule and sparked a spate of creative protests that are challenging the junta's stranglehold on dissent.
On Saturday, students leading an annual pre-football match ceremony in Bangkok wheeled a series of massive parade floats around the pitch – including several poking fun at junta No. 2 Prawit Wongsuwan.
The 72-year-old general has been the target of public ire ever a since photo circulated of them in December lifting a hand to block their eyes from the sun, revealing a diamond ring and a pricey Richard Mille watch.
Since then, online sleuths have unearthed photos of the junta bigwig wearing some 25 luxury timepieces that they allegedly failed to list when declaring their assets.
One parade float on Saturday showed a puppet in the general's now iconic sun-blocking pose, with a glittering ring and watch beaming from their massive paper mache hand.
Students marching alongside were linked together by chains and held banners saying "Stop making fun of the watches," in a nod to the junta's efforts to suppress the scandal.
Another float mocked Prawit's excuse that they borrowed the timepieces from friends – an alibi now being probed by an anti-graft agency.
The football parade, held annually ahead of a match between rival universities Thammasat and Chulalongkorn, is often provocative and political.
But the show was especially anticipated this year as the watch scandal wakes up Thailand's civil society.
In recent weeks, a growing number of activists have taken to the streets to defy a junta ban on protests and call for elections.
The generals promised a swift return to democracy after seizing power in 2014 but have repeatedly delayed poll dates.
"Thais are becoming exhausted with the military regime. Prawit is a simple indicator of what these people think is wrong with the (junta): impunity and double-standards," said Thailand-based political analyst Paul Chambers.
The regime hit back by filing charges against dozens of activists this week over their protests.
But that has not stopped the flurry of internet memes and other sly expressions of dissent, including graffiti of Prawit's face framed by an alarm clock.
The street art was left untouched on a Bangkok pedestrian bridge for four days before being whitewashed by police, according to its creator, who goes by "Headache Stencil".
The street artist, who says they have since gone into hiding after police visited their home, told Agence France-Pressse the image represented "an alarm clock set off by nobody but the general himself, waking people up to see what junta strongmen are like." – Rappler.com
Posted 21 hours ago
Cardinal John Njue of the Catholic church has urged youth in the country to stop allowing politicians to use them for their own political gain. Speaking
A record crowd of more than 45,000 is expected for Freo's match against Collingwood.
A record crowd of more than 45,000 is expected for Freo's match against Collingwood.
Test cricket could return to the WACA Ground as early as next year if New Zealand come to Perth as part of the new Test championship.
And the WA Cricket Association is planning a $1 million ground extension that could see night WAFL matches played at the WACA as early as this season.
WACA chief executive Christina Matthews confirmed both possibilities this week as the WA cricket landscape prepared to change dramatically after the successful opening of Optus Stadium.
But Premier Mark McGowan said it was unlikely the State Government would provide funding for such a WACA project, even if it meant the two sports coming together at the ground.
“As I have said many, many times, the State's financial situation is not strong so money for capital works is very difficult at this point in time,” they said.
The WACA last year surrendered a State Government funding guarantee it had negotiated in 2015 in return for moving matches to the new stadium. The success of the $1.5 billion Optus Stadium was underlined this week when nearly 105,000 people attended the one-dayer against England and Perth Scorchers' Big Bash League semifinal.
Test cricket could return to the WACA Ground sooner than expected. Picture: Getty Images
Matthews said New Zealand, who hope to play their first Boxing Day Test at the MCG in 32 years as part of the 2019-20 schedule, were the only visiting team that would be fixtured at the WACA rather than the new Burswood stadium.
Predicting that only one in 10 future Tests would be hosted at the WACA, with any game projected to draw at least 15,000 spectators for each of the first four days due to be played across the river, Matthews opened the door for international cricket to remain at the game's historic headquarters.
“In terms of (projected) attendance figures we have looked at for the next 10 years, it came up that only one on the future tour program would be played at the WACA,” Matthews said.
“That is New Zealand.
“And some ODIs are still under 15,000, so there may be some at the WACA.”
The Black Caps drew 40,288 spectators in their last Test at the WACA in 2015-16, just under the 40,531 attendance for the previous Test in 2001-02.
Although Pakistan (42,193 in 2004-05 and 40,449 in 1999-2000) and the West Indies (44,630 in 2009-10 and 39,744 in 2000-01) are under the current projection, the forecast suggests they would draw more fans to Burswood than New Zealand.
A Cricket Australia spokesperson confirmed that New Zealand were in the running to play three Tests.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again later
Invalid Email
× Expand Lorna Pinckney held weekly open mic, spoken word events in Richmond and Washington, D.C., where this photograph was taken in 2014. (Photo by Anthony Chidi Njoku/Blue Lightning Photography)
Lorna Pinckney had a passion for purpose, and was an indomitable force of Richmond's creative arts community. A crucial part of their own life's purpose, they said last November, was leading the creation of Tuesday Verses, Richmond's longest-running open mic poetry series. They intended Verses to be a unique space where local artists “share their poetry or songs or whatever it is that they created from the depth of their hearts.” On Thursday, Oct. 5, Pinckney passed away after a short illness at age 43. For thousands around the city and along the East Coast, they embodied Verses' mantra: They lived love.
A native of New York City's Brooklyn borough who lived in Richmond over 20 years and attended both Virginia Union University and Virginia Commonwealth University, Pinckney helmed Tuesday Verses' open mic poetry events for 15 years. They were a writer, singer, graphic designer and business owner with a dazzling smile, “anything's possible” attitude and infectious personality.
“I met them when my parents moved into the same building their family was living in, in Brooklyn, when I was about 4 or 5,” says Jamila Williams, Pinckney's longtime friend and the daughter of area dancer and writer Julinda Lewis. “We've been family ever since.”
Williams describes Pinckney as a curious, extroverted young woman who was a proud Girl Scout, and who traded video games and jokes with another kid in their neighborhood: Christopher Wallace aka The Notorious B.I.G, who would go on to an iconic rap career. After moving to the River City in 2007, Williams pitched in at Tuesday Verses, greeting attendees at the door.
“Lorna had me working the door for about 12 years, and I loved it, was happy to do it,” says Williams. “I was paid in money, but sometimes in dinners and smiles,” they laugh.
Iman Shabazz, an activist and artist, created a talent showcase series with Pinckey circa 2001 called Soul Kitchen, held at Captain's Grille Restaurant in the John Marshall Hotel. “It was an opportunity to invite a lot of artists from across the region to Richmond,” says Shabazz, “so our community could be exposed and enriched.” After Soul Kitchen's end, Shabazz assisted the launch of Tuesday Verses, and viewed it as the continuation of Jackson Ward's rich cultural history of black performance and art. “Verses carried on that energy that is so necessary to the development and growth of black artists.”
A fixture at community art events, Pinckney hosted a screening of “Chasing Trane” at Afrikana Independent Film Festival last month, leading a discussion with veteran hip-hop artist Talib Kweli and jazz musician James E. “Plunky” Branch Jr.
Afrikana's founder and creative director, Enjoli Moon, met Pinckney in 2001, when Moon was working at Croaker's Spot restaurant, then two blocks from Verses' headquarters at Tropical Soul Café on Second Street in Jackson Ward.
“She would come in for food, and I learned about their poetry night,” says Moon. “I started going, went every Tuesday for about a straight year.”
Pinckney will be remembered as a creative visionary force in Richmond, says Moon. “Lorna saw the void and the potential in the black art scene, and they acted on it. They created something that was open to all, but that was authentically developed as a space where black people can connect with each other and support each other.”
In 2010, Pinckney expanded the award-winning open mic poetry series to Washington, D.C., dubbing it Wednesday Verses and retaining its trademark welcoming, creative atmosphere.
A special Tuesday Verses gathering and memorial service will be held Tuesday, Oct. 10, at 6:30 p.m. at St. Paul's Baptist Church (4247 Creighton Road). Tuesday Verses' 15th anniversary event is scheduled for Oct. 14 at 7 p.m. at the Canal Club, featuring recording artists Carmen Rodgers and Zo.
If you'd like to share your memories of Pinckney, please post a comment below.
The Moto Z2 Play was launched last week in India and while we were waiting for the sale it looks the device has finally been made available for the consumers to buy.
The new Motorola smartphone is now available for purchase via Flipkart as well as via offline stores. Moto Z2 Play is priced at Rs. 27,999. And now that the smartphone is going on sale, the e-commerce company is also providing some offers with the Moto Z2 Play. As such, Flipkart has listed "no-cost EMI" options and a 5 percent instant discount for all Axis Bank Buzz credit card holders.
Flipkart is also offering a buyback guarantee offer for Rs. 599. With this offer, users will get guaranteed Rs. 11,000 on the exchange of Moto Z2 Play on Flipkart within six to eight months from purchase. There is also an option for nine to 12 months but the exchange value will go down to Rs. 8,500.
Consumers can also get an extra Rs. 2,000 discount on exchange and up to 55 percent off on select Mods purchase. Similarly, if customers buy the Moto Z2 Play along with the Hasselblad True Zoom Camera and the JBL SoundBoost speaker Mods, they will be eligible for 57 percent discount on the Mods. Lenovo has also announced a 100GB additional Reliance Jio 4G data offer for Jio users.
In any case, if you are interested in the device here are some specifications and features of the device.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Display, RAM, and Storage Moto Z2 Play comes with a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) Super AMOLED display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection and a pixel density of 401ppi. The smartphone is powered by a 2.2GHz Snapdragon 626 octa-core processor which is paired with 4GB RAM. The handset offers 64GB of inbuilt storage which can be expanded via microSD card up to 2TB. Cameras Talking about the cameras, the smartphone is equipped with a 12-megapixel rear camera along with 1.4-micron pixel sensor, f/1.7 aperture, a dual-LED flash, as well as laser and dual autofocus lens. At the front, there is a 5-megapixel selfie camera with a f/2.2 aperture, wide-angle lens, and a dual-LED CCT flash. Battery and Software The smartphone is backed by a 3000mAh battery and comes bundled with TurboPower charger. As per the company, the charger delivers 50 percent charge in just 30 minutes, while the smartphone delivers up to 30 hours of mixed usage. The handset runs on Android 7.1.1 Nougat. Other features Moto Z2 Play comes with connectivity options like 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/g/b/n (2.4GHz and 5GHz), Bluetooth 4.2, USB Type-C (3.1), a 3.5mm headphone jack, NFC, FM radio, and GPS/ A-GPS. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyroscope, magnetometer, and proximity sensor. The Moto Z2 Play weighs 145 grams and measures 156.2x76.2x5.99mm. The smartphone is available is Lunar Grey and Fine Gold color options.
PITTSBURGH, Pa. — A Georgia woman spent Christmas with the teenager who received their late son's heart.
Janece Risty, 41, lost their 16-year-old son, Tyler, two years ago after they suddenly passed away from a massive brain hemorrhage, according to PEOPLE. After they died, Risty decided to donate their organs.
Tyler's organs, bone and tissue were donated to 23 people across the United States, but the recipient of their heart was 19-year-old Lance Frye.
Mom spends holidays with late son's heart recipient https://t.co/AdgqmWI1vM pic.twitter.com/SWUWOcmAlz — People Magazine (@people) December 30, 2016
On Christmas Day, Frye's family traveled to Georgia to spend time with Risty and their family.
The two families have spent the last few days walking around Risty's hometown and getting to know each other.
“It's been a really beautiful experience,” Risty said. “It's emotional seeing Lance, but I feel a lot of joy knowing we helped them and that Tyler saved their lives.”
