Photo courtesy of National Park Service
Photo courtesy of National Park Service
ASSOCIATED PRESS - The main elevators at Carlsbad Caverns National Park are up and running following a long-awaited modernization project that saw repeated delays.
The Carlsbad Current-Argus reports the primary elevator system began operating Monday and officials are planning to decommission the backup system next year so it can be updated too.
The primary system went out of service in November 2015 when a motor shaft sheared off.
Work to repair and modernize the elevators was supposed to be done by Memorial Day but was delayed until June 15 due to additional work needed on the interior of the cars.
The project was delayed again when the cables created excessive noise, caused by unexpected vibrations.
Park Superintendent Doug Neighbor says the elevators should hold out for the least a decade without any problems.
Police are hunting for thieves who stole more than £2,000 worth of valuables in a house break-in at Station Road, Bearsden between August 5-11.
Officers are appealing to anyone who saw anything suspicious to call them on 101.
Miami-Dade Animal Services is pawsitively thrilled to announce that, once again, we have puppy players in Animal Planet's PUPPY BOWL.
To celebrate our draftees—and all our shelter puppies, dogs, cats and kittens—Animal Services will host a FLUFFY TAILgate watch party and adoption event on Sunday, Feb. 4, 2018 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Pet Adoption and Protection Center located at 3599 NW 79 Avenue in Doral, FL.
Adoptions will be free for all pets, including puppies, on Sunday, Feb. 4 at the shelter location only. Pet adoptions include spay/neuter surgery, microchip, deworming and age-appropriate vaccinations.
The FLUFFY TAILgate party will feature a pawtograph signing and photo opportunity with some of Animal Services' Puppy Bowl pros from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. Then, at 3 p.m., attendees can head to our main lobby for a Puppy Bowl XIV watch party to see the cutest event in sports history featuring three hours of cuteness overload with furry faces and sloppy kisses.
But, Animal Planet's annual Puppy Bowls are not only about watching puppies taking part in the cutest competition in sports history—the goal is to raise awareness about the thousands of shelter pets waiting to find loving forever homes. Our pups play along with 90 adoptable puppies from 48 shelters and rescues across the country, go paw to paw and nose to nose in the ultimate match-up between “Team Ruff” vs. “Team Fluff.”
MOBILE USERS: Watch their entire speech
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is saying that “racism is evil” as they condemn the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.”
 They are speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for their comments Saturday that “many sides” are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, they did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in their White House did condemn them by name.
"Racism is evil," Pres. Trump says pointedly. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs." https://t.co/RX1QV9SJ13 pic.twitter.com/eM6iJzyutG — CBS News (@CBSNews) August 14, 2017
The fatal crash happened while the car was in autonomous mode, even though a safety operator was behind the wheel.
Las Vegas Golden Knights' Pregame Program Is Almost More Entertaining Than The Game The Las Vegas Golden Knights have the most elaborate pregame show in all hockey. Now they're in the Stanley Cup Final. NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Jonny Greco, the team's vice president of entertainment production.
On the low end of the price spectrum is the $169 Samsung 3 Chromebook. No frills, but the right price.
Samsung
As you ponder your next computer purchase between a Windows device and new Mac, remember there's a third major player: Chromebook.
Running Google's Linux-based Chrome OS, these (mostly) affordable machines are already dominating in the education space, making up roughly 60% of computers used in U.S. schools, according to Futuresource Consulting.
Quite impressive, especially if you consider Chromebooks are only turning 7 years old on June 15.
But does that mean these devices are ideal for everyday tasks? What about beefed-up Chromebooks for business?
To decide if a Chromebook is ideal for you and your needs, the following is a look at four things you should know before you buy.
1. Models and prices vary more than you think
Starting at $999, Google's own Pixelbook is a 12.3-inch “convertible” machine with premium materials, extra horsepower, and an integrated Google Assistant.
Pixelbook
Just like the wide assortment of Windows 10 devices, there's a hearty selection of Chrome OS machines to choose from. As the name suggests, Chromebooks — short for “Chrome notebooks” — are like a clamshell laptop, but there are a few desktop models and one tablet, too (Acer's Chromebook Tab 10, for $329).
Some Chromebooks are “convertibles” that can transform into a touch-screen tablet, thanks to a screen on a 360-degree hinge.
Prices for Chromebooks range from $169 for the underpowered Samsung 3 Chromebook to starting at $999 for the feature-rich Google Pixelbook.
Unveiled at its Next@Acer event in New York on Wednesday, Acer took the wraps off a pair of new devices aimed at professionals: a 13.5- and 15.6-inch Chromebook Spin.
Acer
Unveiled last week, the Acer Chromebook Spin 15 — the industry's first convertible Chromebook with a 15.6-inch display — will start at $449, Acer says.
Most Chromebooks, however, cost between $250 and $350. The more you pay, the more power and features are offered. You'll save some cash by going with a smaller screen, a non-touch display and less system memory (RAM) and storage.
In other words, when it comes to Chromebook pricing, they're not all cheap — but most still are.
More: Why does Google think you'll buy a $1,000 Chromebook?
2. You really need Internet access to use them
Because Chromebooks run Google's Chrome operating system, they often come preloaded with a suite of Google apps, such as Gmail, Google Calendar, Google Chrome (browser), Google Docs, YouTube and Google Drive.
If you're a heavy user of these, then a Chromebook might be for you. Just log in with your Google ID, and you should be up and running in seconds.
But because these apps run in the cloud, an Internet connection is incredibly important with Chromebook devices.
Many apps will let you access files offline, sure, but because most Chromebooks don't offer a lot of storage — 16 gigabytes on the low end — you may opt to pick up a memory card and keep it inserted in the Chromebook.
More: What Apple has to do to beat Chromebooks and win
More: Google Pixelbook is an impressive Chromebook. But is it worth $1,000?
3. Some Chromebooks work with Android apps (but performance varies)
It doesn't look like Windows and doesn't feel like a Mac. But that doesn't seem to bother the many millions of students who rely on a Chrome OS device. But are Chromebooks ok for general use?
Chrome OS
One major advantage of a Windows-based computer is the huge assortment in software, but Google is upping its game by including access to the Google Play Store with some models.
Examples of Chromebooks with Google Play include the ASUS Chromebook Flip, the Acer Chromebook R 11 and 13, Samsung Pro 2-in-1 and Google's own Pixelbook.
Be aware, however, Android app performance varies — especially when it comes to games. These apps may not load full screen or may load vertically (like a smartphone) instead of your Chromebook's widescreen display. In other words, don't buy a Chromebook if you're looking to play Fortnite, especially as these machines generally have limited graphics power, RAM and storage space.
Because Google's Chrome OS powers these devices, perhaps it's no surprise Google Assistant is starting to make its way into some Chromebooks. The Pixelbook has this handy feature, where you press the dedicated button on the keyboard (between Ctrl and Alt) or activate the assistant via the $99 Pixelbook Pen before asking a question or giving a command.
Thankfully, a few hardware-related issues that plagued Chromebooks in the early days — like not making it easy to print to a nearby printer — have been addressed.
More: Apple's new student iPad vs. $300 Chromebooks and Windows rivals
More: The Google Pixelbook is the best Chromebook you can buy, but it's not cheap
4.Chromebooks are always updated and secure
Because Chrome OS and Google's apps focus heavily on the cloud, these always-connected devices will automatically download new updates for you (look for the “Restart to update” notification near the clock).
Cybersecurity experts often praise Chromebooks for making protection a priority. Chrome OS takes advantage of various Google-powered security measures, and so it's not likely you'll be hit with malware or even annoying pop-up windows or toolbars.
Still, take advantage of two-step verification and ensure Android apps you download are from familiar publishers.
More: How safe are Chromebooks from malware?
More: How to pick a new computer, from Chromebooks to PCs to MacBooks
Another advantage to Chromebooks? An all-day battery. Of the 10 Chromebooks Laptop Mag reviewed in the past year, they've seen an average of 9 hours and 15 minutes of endurance, via the Laptop Mag Battery Test (which involves continuous Web surfing over Wi-Fi).
Are they for you?
Chromebooks have come a long way and aren't just for the education space any longer.
While not for gamers, they have wide appeal. If budgets are tight and you don't mind a smaller computer for simple tasks, you can't go wrong with a sub-$200 Chromebook. This is especially true if you rely heavily on Google's online services, such as Gmail and Google Docs. Chromebooks run lean and fast, they're secure and offer good battery performance.
Pricier models offer more power, Android app support, touch and larger screen sizes. But once you reach (or exceed) $1,000 for a Chromebook, such as the Google Pixelbook, it's more difficult to justify the purchase when compared to a more versatile convertible Windows 10 notebook or sleek MacBook Air.
Follow Marc on Twitter: @marc_saltzman. Email them at askmarcsaltzman@gmail.com.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
File photo. Floodlighting has been one of the major issues that have been discussed in the recent past as a weak point in India's monitoring systems along the border—a factor that aids cross-border infiltration. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: The Union home ministry in its 2016-17 annual report released on Wednesday has published an image of the Spain-Morocco border to illustrate floodlighting done along India's borders in Jammu and Kashmir.
Captioned “floodlighting along the border”, the picture showing a stretch along the Spain-Morocco border, has actually been taken from photo aggregator Pinterest.
Despite repeated attempts to get a clarification on the matter, the home ministry declined to comment.
Defence experts said such errors were best avoided.
“This is a human error. But they need to be more careful about this in future,” said Gurmeet Kanwal, a defence expert at the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses.
Floodlighting has been one of the major issues that have been discussed in the recent past as a weak point in India's monitoring systems along the border—a factor that aids cross-border infiltration.
The common thread linking recent terrorist attacks at Pathankot, Uri and Nagrota was the lack of lighting in the forest areas along the India-Pakistan border, allowing infiltrators to enter Indian territory. While the terrain in these regions is inhospitable, the militants found natural cover in the darkness, security forces said.
“The terrain is so difficult that it is impossible to have complete border fencing and complete flood-lighting. Also, electricity supply is also an issue which hinders lighting,” said a senior army official on condition of anonymity.
The MHA's annual report has stated that the ministry has sanctioned 2,043.76km of floodlighting along the international border in Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat in a bid to curb infiltration. The report also states that restoration work on damaged floodlights is being carried out.
Franno on...
Their new contract
Looking back and ahead to next season
What the summer has in store
In full and FREE https://t.co/a9K3e6cTQv#afcb pic.twitter.com/bMMciDm1wC
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – It was another busy day in court for attorneys on both sides of the Governor Greitens case. Some rulings were made but a big cliffhanger in the legal saga remains unknown.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is prosecuting Governor Eric Greitens for invasion of privacy, but the defense says Gardner and their investigator, William Don Tisaby, have made a disaster of the judicial proceedings. They accused Tisaby of lying several times under oath and insist Gardner is at fault for not exposing the lies.
Defense attorneys went into the courthouse Tuesday with one goal: they want a special prosecutor for the second case and pleaded with Judge Rex Burlison not to allow the circuit attorney's office to be involved in the second felony case. That second case concerns the charity The Mission Continues--which Greitens founded--and whether the governor illegally used the charity's donor list to raise money for their campaign.
The prosecution countered that they are more than ready to try the second case, that the prosecution is fair, and that Tisaby had little to do with investigating the fundraising case.
Judge Burlison made no decision and instead told attorneys to come up with a list of potential special prosecutors just in case that`s what they decide to do. Afterward, attorneys were following the judge gag order.
“I can't really, I'm not really allowed to comment, unfortunately, but we'll check with the judge; maybe we can next time,” said attorney Ed Dowd.
Monday's revelation of the mysterious $100,000 in cash that was dropped off at attorney Al Watkins' office. Watkins represents the ex-husband of Greitens' mistress. On Monday, Watkins said they had no idea where the money came from and assumed it was for people they represent in the Greitens case.
The judge ordered Watkins to turn over all financial records concerning the $100,000 and said they will be deposed, now that they have become a witness in the case.
How pubs should be serving their beer
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A bouncer smacked a woman in the face, sending their head flying backwards, after they swung for them outside a bar in Liverpool.
The woman, wearing high heels and a tight dress, marches towards the burly bouncer before swinging a windmill punch towards their head on Sunday.
The bouncer ducks to avoid the flying arm and immediately hits them hard in the face, causing the woman to stumble backwards away from the bouncer, as their knees start to buckle.
They eventually regain their composure and walks further away, as another female starts to remonstrate with the bouncer whilst passers by start to stop and stare at the unfolding drama.
The woman in the grey dress then swings back round and seems to come for the bouncer once again, whilst another doorman tries to calm the situation down.
(Photo: Deadline News)
(Photo: Deadline News)
The video, filmed on Mathew Street in Liverpool on Sunday, has divided opinion since it was posted on Twitter, with some viewers claiming it's self-defence and others branding the incident "disgusting".
The shocking footage, posted online by Kirsty - who said they were sent the clip - has already been retweeted over 1,600 times with a further 2,100 likes and countless more comments.
Merseyside Police confirmed they are looking into the incident close to Hardy's Bar in Mathew Street at around 6.50pm.
User Ketwigkaiser wrote: “He was in the right. They wanted to try and attack them and they landed a naughty right, good on him.”
Whilst Josh Coyne commented: “She literally swung for him. Act like a man get hit like a man.”
(Photo: Deadline News)
Jay Young commented: “No wrong doing in my opinion. If a lad tried to spark a bouncer we'd get the same treatment.”
Naomi wrote: “Serves them right. Throw a punch at a bloke, you best be ready to take a punch back.”
And Scott Haime added: “She deserved that. I don't advocate hitting women, but if someone swings at you, you hit them back. Simple.”
But others feel it is never acceptable to hit a female.
John wrote: “As an ex-doorman myself this is f * g disgusting, not enough characters to go into it as it's just shocking. Hope she's ok. Just no need.”
(Photo: Deadline News)
Whilst a user known as Tweety added: “How can anyone say they are in the right here? Even if a bloke swings for a bouncer they should show restraint and defend himself.”
And Heidi wrote: “That's shocking. They should be able to handle that situation without hitting and retaining them and called the police. Not lamp her.”
Keith O'Brien commented: “Bad form regardless of what they did.”
And Trish added: “Size of them they could've held their off. Lucky they didn't fall back and smack their head or they might've been on a manslaughter charge.”
Merseyside Police confirmed they received a report of an assault in Liverpool city centre on Sunday, April 16.
A spokesperson said: "At about 6.50pm, a report was received that a woman had been assaulted by a man close to Hardy's Bar on Mathew Street.
"Officers attended and enquiries into the matter are ongoing."
Anyone with information can contact Merseyside Police on 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Updated at 10:35 p.m. ET
President Trump on Monday authorized their top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called their action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
They cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. They were flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of their economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration. More recently US presidents have complied with a requirement to obtain World Trade Organization authorization before using Section 301.
But Trump has implied they may use Section 301 without WTO authorization. Bypassing the WTO would be quicker.
"It saves time," says Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant US trade representative. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
But Gold says using Section 301 without WTO authorization would leave the US government in conflict with its obligations under international law.
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel. "We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Caroline Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways. "China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," they said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
They say that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
By some estimates, U.S. companies lose as much as $300 billion a year to China because of the theft of intellectual property. Today President Trump formally asked the U.S. trade representative to look into the problem, and NPR's Jim Zarroli reports that investigation could eventually lead to trade sanctions against China.
JIM ZARROLI, BYLINE: President Trump said intellectual property theft costs the United States millions of jobs each year. That includes the forced transfer of valuable technology from U.S. companies as a condition of access to China's markets. Trump said, for too long, wealth has been drained from our country while Washington turned a blind eye.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity.
ZARROLI: The steps announced by the White House today are very preliminary. U.S. trade representative Robert Lighthizer will essentially look into the issue, and depending on what they find, the administration could initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a rarely used mechanism from the 1974 Trade Act. That would eventually allow the U.S. government to impose tariffs on China, and it could do so unilaterally without having to go through the World Trade Organization. Matt Gold is a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative.
MATT GOLD: It saves time. The WTO case - it would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision. Then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision.
ZARROLI: The president's move was applauded by technology groups who have long complained about IP theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying, for too long, China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter, of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements.
Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the U.S. to level the playing field. But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address the dumping of products such as steel.
SHERROD BROWN: We need to follow through with meaningful action. And that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel.
ZARROLI: But there are risks to what the White House is embarking on. Trade disputes are typically arbitrated by the WTO, and acting unilaterally could backfire. Caroline Freund, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
CAROLINE FREUND: One, China is likely to retaliate with tariffs of their own on U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China. It won't lead to anything positive.
ZARROLI: But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric on the campaign trail, the White House has so far been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator, for instance, and a long-promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
FREUND: The administration embarks on something. They think it's going to be simple. Let's just impose tariffs on steel. But then it turns out to be a lot more complicated because of the way the economy is so intertwined.
ZARROLI: It's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, for example, Freund says, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers such as automakers and appliance companies. President Trump has asked for an investigation into intellectual property theft, but any action to stop it still seems a long way off. Jim Zarroli, NPR News, New York.
(SOUNDBITE OF SAN FERMIN SONG, "BRIDE") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
PRESS RELEASE There Is No Hope for Young People Outside the New Paradigm Feb. 10, 2017 (EIRNS)—Confronting the emergence of true long-term economic, scientific and productivity growth among the cooperating Eurasian nations, the trans-Atlantic nations' workforces, particularly their younger cohorts, are being brutalized. New reports show that both in Europe and the United States, younger entrants to the workforce—in addition to double-digit unemployment rates—cannot find steady work even after years of trying. One treatment, "Europe's Treadmill of Part-Time Employment" published in the New York Times on Feb. 8, dealt with Europe. There, more than half of all new jobs created since 2010 have been temporary contracts, and the process was underway well before 2010, in the "globalization era." In Spain, for example, 18 million temporary jobs were contracted in 2016, against just 1.7 million long-term openings. In France more than 80% of new hires are in temporary employment. In Italy, most public and private hospital employees at all levels are temps. Thirty scientists working on nanotechnology for a German company in Spain discovered that they were the fourth "one-year" group of such scientists at the company in as many years. The trend, reports the Times, is continuing to accelerate while the EU is supposed to be in some vaguely hoped "recovery." Since 2012, only 20% of temps have made it to steady work. In Europe as a whole, such contract employment averages 20% lower pay than steady employment, and nearly always lacks any benefits. The Times chronicled the struggles of 10 young people with advanced degrees who have tried unsuccessfully for years, or even for more than a decade, to get a steady job. Going from gig to gig they do not qualify for mortgages, credit cards, even have difficulty obtaining cell-phone service contracts. They are among the better educated and skilled, and their problem is that of the majority of their entire generation now between 25 and 40. In Barack Obama's U.S. "recovery," a research paper published in January by Harvard and Princeton economists Alan Krueger and Lawrence Katz found the same situation. This is remarkable because Krueger was head of Obama's Council of Economic Advisors.  They are quoted: "We find that 94% of net job growth in the past decade was in the alternative work category. And over 60% was due to the [the rise] of independent contractors, freelancers and contract company workers.... Workers seeking full-time, steady work have lost." They are talking about the categories of independent contractors, workers provided by contract firms, on-call workers, and temporary help agency workers. Combined, this grew as a share of the entire workforce from 10.7% in 2005 to 15.8% in 2015. The first two categories grew the most, and employees between 16-35 were the most affected by the shift. Some sectors such as entertainment, university education, computer technology have developed the preference for "permalance" workers, who work for years as contractors or even temp workers.
Senior Congress leader Salman Khurshid's comment that their party has the blood of Muslims on its hands has sent the grand old party scurrying into damage control mode. Even as the Congress sought to limit the damage, the BJP has jumped in to clobber the Congress over the issue.
Congress spokesperson PL Punia distanced their party from Khurshid's comment. "Salman Khurshid is a senior leader. The Congress Party disagrees with the statement of Shri Salman Khurshid in toto… This could be their personal opinion, but the Congress Party has nothing to do with it," they said.
"Whether it was before Independence or afterwards, the Congress has always worked to take all sections of society forward. And we have always opposed to ideologies that look to practice politics by dividing society on the basis of religion and caste," Punia claimed. They refused to comment if the party would take any sort of disciplinary action against Khurshid.
Khurshid's controversial remark had come at an event at the Aligarh Muslim University. "I am a part of Congress so let me accept that we have the blood of Muslims on our hands. I am telling you this; we are ready to show the blood on our hands so that you understand that you too must not get blood on your hands."
"If you attack them, you are the ones who would get stains on your hands. Learn something from our history and don't create such situation for yourself where if you come back to AMU after 10 years you will find one like you to ask the question," they added."
Speaking to the reporters after these remarks, Khurshid said they were defending the Congress. "I am not a representative of the Congress party, I am the Congress party. I was defending Congress party. What I said I will continue to say, I made the statement as a human being," they said.
The BJP took the opportunity to launch an attack on the Congress. "Salman Khurshid has revealed the truth behind Rahul Gandhi's 'Save the Constitution' campaign. They have admitted that Congress' hand is stained with blood. It is not only stained with the blood of Muslims but also of Sikhs who were killed in 1984," BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said, reported news agency ANI.
(With inputs from ANI)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The parents of a two-month-old girl have appeared in court charged with their murder.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Old car magazines are still neatly stacked in a mahogany unit in the lounge. Damp, damaged plaster and wallpaper flake off the kitchen walls. Marble tiles collect dust in the half-finished bathroom.
Cold, damp and neglect permeate the rooms of a home abandoned hastily long ago. Tucked away in a quiet suburban Austrian backstreet, this is the house of horrors where Natascha Kampusch was kept as a sex slave for eight years.
They were snatched on their way home from school at the age of 10. And in the decade since their escape, the property has remained untouched apart from the infilling of the cellar where Natascha was imprisoned.
(Photo: Reuters)
The large detached building is an eerie time capsule, left as it was on August 23, 2006, the day Natascha fled and their kidnapper, Wolfgang Priklopil, threw themselves under a train. It was awarded to them as compensation for their ordeal – and they still visit.
Now 29, they say: “It has been empty for 10 years. People ­some- times come and leave candles for the soul of the kidnapper. The house itself cannot hurt me, only the memories of what happened here can. Bricks and mortar are not evil.”
(Photo: Reuters)
I am the first UK journalist given access to the home in Strasshof.
Natascha shows me around but forbids ­photographs. Reports they live there are false. It has been ­unoccupied for years. Its macabre history, along with the fact there is no planning permissions for the extension Priklopil built using Natascha as child labour, means they are stuck with it.
They say: “I do not get upset any more when I come here. I am looking forward.”
After years of ­physical and mental abuse, Natascha was both terrified of, and reliant on their captor. They were the only human they had contact with and they coerced them through fear. Eventually they fled through the back garden while they were on the phone.
(Photo: EPA)
(Photo: Reuters)
Many still ­question why Natascha didn't run away earlier. But in their new book, 10 Years of Freedom, they say: “One of the worst scenes during my captivity was when they shoved me, wearing only a pair of panties, half-starved, covered in bruises and with my head completely shorn, in front of the front door and said, ‘Come on now, run. Let's see how far you get.'
“I was so humiliated and filled with shame that I couldn't take a single step. They tore me away from the door, saying, ‘So you see. The world out there doesn't want you anyway. Your place is here and only here.'”
Freedom has not been easy for Natascha, who reveals they have been stalked a number of times.
They say: “They were crazy people with crazy ­intentions. They wrote me letters describing things they wanted to do to me. One said they were in love with me and wanted to marry me.
“My mum got a restraining order against him. It went on for several years. There was another one from Australia. They sent me a didgeridoo. I had police protection when I was first stalked.”
Natascha is wary of relationships. They add: “It is difficult to trust anyone. There have been rumours that I found my first love with several people. None are true but it makes it hard to go anywhere with anyone male in public.”
Them feelings about Priklopil are complex. For much of their life they were the only adult they knew and while they beat and raped her, they also fed, clothed and tutored them
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Getty)
They accept what they did was wrong but has tried to understand their ­motivations and refuses to be a broken victim. Natascha confirms they even went to see their body after they died. They write: “I did not want my visits to the morgue to be made public because it is difficult for those on the outside to put something like that in the right perspective.
“I had only one person I was close to for many, many years. On whom my survival depended, and with whom I had to find a way to come to terms. You can't just simply banish someone that you have spent eight and a half years of your life with from your memory. I spent nearly as much of my life together with them as I had before with my family.” Today, Natascha admits they have therapy and counselling to come to terms with their past. They also have post-traumatic stress disorder.
Since their escape, they have received a shocking degree of hostility.
(Photo: Reuters)
They say: “All these ­upsetting, false theories surfaced, that I had planned it myself and that my mother had a ­relationship with the kidnapper.”
In the book, Natascha, who learnt English by listening to pop music stations in the cellar, reveals they were starved as a means of control in captivity and this has led to a problem with food.
They say: “I am heavier, physically. And that's the big problem, more than the mental issues.”
Natascha has been involved in several charity projects, campaigning for animal rights group PETA and donated money to the family of Josef Fritzl, the Austrian monster who kept their daughter captive in a cellar for 24 years and repeated raped them
 They are also helping to raise awareness of the plight of refugees.
Theories of cover-ups still haunting case
Natascha Kampusch's case bred many conspiracy theories. One suggested they had given birth to Priklopil's child, which was raised in secret by an accomplice.
One investigator asked a school for items with DNA from a pupil they believed to be the child, but the mother proved they were the parent with a DNA test.
The case has been probed three times, the last time in 2012. It found Priklopil acted alone.
Yet last year theorists claimed they were murdered, their body then thrown under a train to hide evidence. It was found near Praterstern station, Vienna.
Natascha said: “Sometimes [people] prefer to tell fairy tales about me. It makes it easier for them to understand what happened.”
Guess who the mystery person is using the 3 clues. Include in your comments how the clues relate to the mystery person
Please support Whaleoil.
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil.
Be part of making sure Whaleoil's voice continues.
Is Management Bloat Inevitable When Companies Grow?
When entrepreneurs succeed at taking their startup to the next level they are startled to find they have built a bureaucracy.
Could Biden Make A Presidential Run In 2020? Former Vice President Joe Biden has had a busy public schedule lately. It's fueling speculation about ambitions to run for the White House in 2020.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dad-of-two was left paralysed and scarred for life when they were crushed face down into freshly-laid hot tarmac.
Paul Turnbull is now in a wheelchair but the lorry driver responsible for the horrific incident, after roof trusses fell off their truck, walked free from court.
Mr Turnbull is now paralysed from the waist down has life-long scars after suffering “significant burns” to their abdomen and face.
Former military man Fraser Rowand was delivering the wooden structures to a caravan park in Northumberland when they fell off, having not been secured properly.
Paul was part of a team laying tarmac at the entrance to to Forget Me Not caravan park, near Longhorsley, reports Chronicle Live .
(Image: ncjMedia Ltd ,)
Mr Turnbull, 39, who lives in Forest Hall, North Tyneside, heroically pushed colleagues out the way but was crushed into the asphalt and seriously injured as 13 of the trusses fell off.
Mr Turnbull was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries and underwent emergency surgery.
They survived but has been left scarred for life and paralysed from the waist down.
They suffered a fractured spine, permanent damage to their spinal cord and “significant burns” to their abdomen and face.
A police investigation was launched in the aftermath of the accident and Rowand was charged by police with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
(Image: ncjMedia Ltd ,)
They denied the charges, saying they believed they had done enough to secure the trusses but was found guilty by a jury following a trial at Newcastle Crown Court.
Following the case, Mr Turnbull, who has two teenage children, said they would “never want another family to go through the despair and torment” that they have had to suffer since the incident.
They said: “After months of heartache for me and my family, the man responsible for my accident has been found guilty.
“No matter what happens, no amount of time will ever make up for the fact I have been left paralysed which has resulted in my life changing forever, as well as the day-to-day lives of my family members who care for me.
“I would never want another family to go through the despair and torment that we have all experienced since the day of this incident.
(Image: Northumbria Police)
“No sentence will ever give me the life back that I had before this day, but this is about holding an individual responsible for their dangerous actions.
“I would like to thank the people that have supported me and my family since the accident especially my family liaison officer who has been a great support to us all.”
In a victim impact statement to the court, Mr Turnbull said they had suffered psychologically as well as physically.
They said: “Being in a wheelchair, I'm so restricted in what I'm able to enjoy.
“It saddens me that the simplest things like mowing my lawn or taking the dog for a walk is something I will not able to do again.”
Rowand, 37, was transporting the trusses from their base in Catterick to to Forget Me Not Caravan Park in January 2016.
(Image: ncjMedia Ltd ,)
They arrived at the site and unloaded some of the timber trusses on to the site. They then drove the lorry to a different part of the site but at this point some of the trusses fell off the back of the trailer.
Rowand, of Salveson Gardens, Edinburgh, was given a 20 month jail term, suspended for two years. They were also banned from driving for three years and ordered to do 210 hours unpaid work.
Judge Stephen Earl said: “This has been one of the most difficult sentencing exercises.
“Nothing I can do will alter the pain and suffering of Paul Turnbull and their family.
“It was the most tragic 30 seconds of their life and that of their family and that also applies to you to a certain extent, Mr Rowand. Nothing in this case is deliberate, you did not set out to harm anyone.”
The judge added: “But for the medical services and, frankly, the strength of character of Mr Turnbull, they might not have survived their event.”
(Image: ncjMedia Ltd ,)
The court heard Rowand, a dad-of-five, had an “excellent military career” who had glowing references.
They suffer post traumatic stress disorder and is assessed as a low risk of re-offending.
Mr Turnbull was praised by police for their “heroic actions” on the day they were injured.
After the case, Motor Patrols Sergeant, Lynne McKevitt said: “Mr Turnbull has suffered life changing injuries as a result of this incident and it has had a devastating impact on them and their family.
“It was Mr Rowands responsibility to ensure that the trusses were properly secured to the lorry that day. When they drove into the caravan park they were putting lives in danger by failing in their responsibilities.
“The outcome could have been fatal for Mr Turnbull and had it not been for their own heroic actions in acting quickly to push a colleague from danger, the consequences could have been even more significant.
“Ultimately, this case should act as a stern warning to those working in this type of industry, about the importance of ensuring your load is properly secured before getting behind the wheel of your vehicle.”
EVERBERG, Belgium— May 29, 2018 — Huntsman Corp. today announced plans to build a new polyurethanes systems house in Dubai. Located within the Jebel Ali Free Trade Zone (JAFZA), the new facility will strengthen Huntsman's differentiated downstream capabilities in the heart of the Middle East.
Targeted for completion by the second half of 2019, Huntsman's investment will increase the company's systems production capacity in the region and add a new dimension to its polyester polyol capabilities. The Dubai systems house will complement the company's two existing systems houses in the Middle East, in Turkey (Huntsman EMA) and Saudi Arabia (HAPC – a joint venture with the BCI Group of Companies), forming three strong pillars for growth.
Tony Hankins, president Huntsman's Polyurethanes division, said: “This is a bold and timely investment, which will serve as a strategic platform to expand our business in the Middle East and North Africa and build our market leading position. It represents the next step in our plan to strengthen our downstream network. We now have 30 facilities worldwide, which provide innovative solutions in close proximity to our customers.”
Steen Weien Hansen, regional Vice President of Polyurethanes, further commented: “The MDI-based systems market in the Middle East has delivered strong growth in the last five years and this trend is forecast to continue at estimated rates of 7 percent annually. The construction of the new systems house will enable us to supply traditional and high-end rigid polyurethane formulations from a local source. It will also enable us to leverage our development and production know-how in polyester polyol and polyol blends for the fast-growing flexible foam and footwear markets, as well as pre-polymers for adhesives, coatings and elastomers applications.”
Gulum Kabil, general manager of Huntsman Polyurethanes' business activities in the Middle East and Turkey, will manage the new systems house.
Posted May 29, 2018
Source: Huntsman Corp.
The Google Pixel 2 and the bigger Pixel 2 XL have been rolled out at a special event in San Francisco.
Pixel 2 XL is the larger version of Google's flagship smartphone, the Google Pixel 2, and the direct sequel to last year's 5.5-inch Google Pixel XL. On the other hand, the Pixel 2 boasts a slightly slimmer bezel than its predecessor (the Google Pixel) either side of the screen, but there's still a chunk above and below the display as it opts for a more iPhone 8/Sony Xperia XZ1 layout rather than the all-screen Galaxy S8 and LG G6.
This does mean you get front facing speakers, around the back Google persists with its divisive glass/metal split design, with a centralized fingerprint scanner and single rear facing camera in the top left corner like last year.
Cut to the chase
What is it? Google's next flagship smartphone
Google's next flagship smartphone How much will it cost? Starts at Rs 61,000 / Rs 73,000
Starts at Rs 61,000 / Rs 73,000 When will it release? Sometime in November
Pixel 2 starts at Rs 61,000 for 64GB model
Pixel 2 XL starts at Rs 73,000 for 64GB model
Coming to India in November
The Google Pixel 2 price starts at Rs 61,000 for 64GB version and the 128GB model is priced at Rs 70,000.
The Pixel 2 XL price starts at Rs 73,000 for 64GB and the 128GB model is priced at Rs 82,000.
Pre-orders commence on 26th October 2017, and Pixel 2 will be available for sales in over 1000+ stores across the country and online starting November 1st and Pixel 2 XL will be available for sales in 1000+ stores and online starting November 15th 2017. You must note that you won't be able to purchase either of these devices through the Google Store in India, as Flipkart will be an exclusive retailer for India.
Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL hardware
Qualcomm Snapdragon 835
64GB and 128GB
Active Edge
Both the Pixel 2 phones have identical internals. They run on the ubiquitous SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 topped with 4GB of RAM and comes in 64GB and 128GB storage options.
Moreover, both the phones use HTC's 'Edge Sense' renamed as 'Active Edge' that triggers Google Assistant when squeezed, and also can click pictures when the camera is turned on.
A 2700mAh battery powers up the Pixel 2 while a bigger 3520mAh battery is used on the Pixel 2 XL.
Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL display
5-inch, full HD OLED display on Pixel 2
6-inch, full QHD display on Pixel 2 XL
Always-on display shows a variety of information
The Google Pixel 2 sports a 5-inch FHD AMOLED display, whereas the Pixel 2 XL has a 6-inch QHD+ P-OLED panel. Not just the display size but the phones also have a distinct aspect ration at 16:9 for Pixel 2 and 18:9 for Pixel 2 XL. Both have Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection.
Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL camera
Both have 12MP rear camera with 98 DxO mark (highest for any phone)
OIS and EIS for video recording
The Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL camera has a 98 DxO score (with the original Pixel scoring 89), which is the highest score of any smartphone camera. It has a 12MP rear camera with OIS (optical image stabilization), combined with HDR smarts. For selfies and video calls, there's an 8-megapixel front camera on both flagship phones.
Despite not having a dual lens, it still comes with Portrait mode, allowing you to take professional looking shots by blurring the background to make the foreground pop.
While most rivals achieve this with a dual camera setup, the Pixel 2 uses just one camera with a dual pixel setup.
Portrait mode doesn't just work on the rear camera, with the front facing camera also offering the feature.
For video recording, the Pixel 2 uses both OIS and EIS, giving you smoother, clearer footage. But there's no 60fps video recording capability like new Apple phones.
If you buy the Pixel 2 or XL you'll also get unlimited photo and video cloud storage - at full resolution - for life.
Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL operating system
Runs stock Android 8.0 Oreo out the box
No surprise here, both the Pixel phones run the stock version of Android 8.0 Oreo out the box.
It's the latest version of Google's operating system, the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL will be used to highlight the benefits of a pure Android experience. Also, Google has guaranteed minimum 3 generations of Android security and OS updates on Pixel 2 phones.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sitting alone in a dressing room after a bruising game, a rugby player sobs quietly.
 They are not in pain, or upset about the result – they are simply coming to terms with the fact they have played their last game with teammates who had become as close as brothers.
Welcome to sport's inner sanctum, a place that is off-limits to even the most dedicated fan – until now. What goes on in the dressing room before a match, at half-time and after the final whistle is about so much more than tactics and team talks.
Now a brilliant new series on W, The Dressing Room, reveals the most emotional moments of human drama from the hidden world of match day dressing rooms around the country.
The cast includes an over-sixties hockey team, a wheelchair netball club, a Royal Navy rugby side and clubs from the lowest reaches of the English leagues, to name just a few.
While there are no famous sport stars, the unique insight into the lives, dressing room banter and pre-match preparations of the ordinary players and coaches we meet are no less fascinating.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One of the standout figures is Paul Faili, the red-faced, acid tongued coach of Sussex amateur side Three Bridges FC.
The team had not won any of their previous 12 games when the series was filmed and were later relegated to the Southern Combination Premier League.
In one dressing room rant before a crucial league game against Dorking FC, players look on bemused as they invoke the spirit of King Henry V at the Battle of Agincourt, which they say happened 600 years ago that month.
(Photo: STV)
They shout: “Listen lads, it's nothing about them having more than us. At Agincourt the French outnumbered the English by six to one. So as far as I'm concerned, today is no different to 1415.”
They later explains: “Most of them had never heard of Agincourt or Henry V. They probably don't know who Shakespeare is, but they needed to hear about the power that comes from inside of you, that's why I used it.”
The team were thrashed 3-0, sending Paul into a furious postmatch tirade blaming the linesman for their defeat. We also meet brothers Rokum and Rokib, who play together for Sporting Bengal United, an Asian football team from Tower Hamlets in London.
The club is about to play its biggest ever match, an FA Cup first qualifying round tie against Hertfordshire side Kings Langley FC – which they end up losing 6-1.
(Photo: UKTV)
But the scoreline is insignificant when we find out that Rokum, 21, is suffering from chronic leukaemia – something the fans watching them from the stands outside have no idea about.
Rokum, who later has to hang up their boots because of their illness, says: “If I take a hard knock I can suffer internal bleeding. I can feel my body getting weaker. But I won't tell the manager I'm having problems because he's put their trust in me to play. Football takes the focus away from my illness. Once I'm out there all I can think about is the football.”
The brothers aren't the only family members getting ready for games together in the dressing rooms. Trudy, 45, plays with their daughter Lily, 17, for the Huddersfield High-Tech netball club, and in their dressing room before their match against Hull gives their own pep talk.
Mum Trudy tells her: “Give as good as you get, you stand firm. I'm not joking, I don't want to have to go in with my handbag. It's an adult league, but mums still have to protect their daughters.”
The series also follows teams such as amateur rugby club Thatto Heath Crusaders who could finish their season undefeated, and the Royal Navy Rugby Club who meet their arch rivals, the Army.
As the Royal Navy team prepare to start the game, player Shaun, 28, says: “The Army and the Navy don't have a nice relationship. We respect each other but we don't like each other. We're going out there to prove a point really.”
Perhaps the most poignant moment, though, is after the game, which the Navy win 25-12, when player Richie, 30, who is leaving the Forces, sobs alone after playing their last ever game for the squad.
They say: “You're letting go of something you have worked for all your life. But it took away precious time with my family, so putting my shirt away for the last time is like saying, ‘You won't do that to me again'.”
It is just one of many moments in the show that reveal the incredible human stories behind sporting fixtures and scorelines.
- The Dressing Room is on W at 10pm tonight (Wednesday June 14)
"I'll find you. I promise."
That's Jamie's (Sam Heughan) declaration to Claire (Caitriona Balfe) at the end of the first trailer for Season 3 of Starz's time-traveling romance Outlander, and if you're an Outlander fan, you may have to call 911 to take you to the hospital for what's going on with your heart right now.
Season 3 picks up right after Claire travels back to 1948, returning to their life with first husband Frank (Tobias Menzies). She's pregnant with Jamie's child, and they and Frank are struggling to adjust after their sudden reappearance. Meanwhile, in 18th century Scotland, Jamie is reeling from their defeat at the battle of Culloden, as well as the loss of Claire.
As the years go by, Jamie and Claire attempt to make a life apart from one another, but they're haunted by the memory of their lost love. But when an opportunity emerges for Claire to return to Jamie in the past, she's conflicted. When they reunite, will they be the same people who parted at the standing stones all those years ago? But they're drawn to each other. They can't be apart. And Season 3 is about them coming back together.
Outlander Season 3 premieres on Starz this September.
SAN FRANCISCO — Amazon's annual shareholders meeting begins at 9 a.m. in Seattle's funky Fremont neighborhood today. The event is generally fairly low-key on the inside, with CEO Jeff Bezos giving an overview of the previous year to about 100 shareholders, while outside groups protest Amazon's business practices.
The protests are expected to be raucous enough that the Washington State Department of Transportation listed two potential traffic issues in the region in its Wednesday morning tweet — the Amazon demonstrations in Seattle and band Maroon 5 performing in Tacoma.
This year the No Gay, No Way group, which is pushing the company to only place its second headquarters in states with strong gay rights laws, says it plans to have drag queens strut outside while airplane-drawn banners float through the sky above the meeting.
Pilots for Amazon Air cargo are also expected to protest at the meeting. They fly Amazon cargo jets for Atlas Air and ABX Air and say they are not adequately staffed, which makes for difficult working conditions.
An activist group called SumOfUs is also waging a campaign in support of a proposal to separate the roles of CEO and chairperson of the board at Amazon. Jeff Bezos holds both positions.
More: How to listen to what Amazon's Alexa has recorded in your home
It plans to hire a plane to fly over the meeting trailing a banner that reads, “Bezos Needs a Boss.”
The Service Employees International Union, SumOfUs, climate justice group 350 Seattle, the Socialist Alternative socialist political party and community members angry at the negative impacts they say Amazon has had on their communities also plan to demonstrate.
Another proposal being put forward at the meeting asks that Amazon commit to a version of the Rooney Rule and include women and minorities when it interviews for open board positions. Currently Amazon's board is made up of seven men and three women, all white.
Amazon had originally opposed the measure but two weeks ago the board shifted course, adopting as policy the inclusion of a diverse slate of candidates for director openings.
Jesse Jackson is in Seattle for the Amazon board meeting. Reached by USA TODAY, they said, "leadership comes from the top down," and that they were eager for Amazon to make sure its board wasn't all white.
Amazon declined to comment on the planned protests.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Markets in Asia opened lowered on Wednesday, following an overnight drop in US stocks. Photo: Mint
US stocks end lower; Asian markets follow suit
Markets in Asia opened lowered on Wednesday, following an overnight drop in US stocks where the Dow fell more than 400 points.
US stocks fell on Tuesday, giving up earlier gains, as investors worried about rising interest rates and reacted to comments on a conference call from bellwether Caterpillar that hinted economic growth may slow later in the year.
Airtel Q4 profit falls 78% to Rs82.9 crore
Bharti Airtel Ltd's net profit fell 78% in the March quarter as the telecom regulator slashed international call termination charge and a brutal tariff war triggered by the entry of Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd continued unabated.
NCLT reserves order in Binani Cement hearing
The Kolkata bench of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) finished hearing the dispute over insolvency resolution at Binani Cement Ltd, with Dalmia Bharat Ltd, the highest bidder selected by the lenders to take over the assets, insisting that there was no question of allowing the revised bid of Ultratech Cement Ltd.
Malaysia's IHH revises offer for Fortis Healthcare, to immediately invest Rs650 crore
Fortis Healthcare said Malaysia's IHH Healthcare Berhard has made a binding offer to immediately infuse Rs650 crore in the company as part of its overall proposal to invest Rs4,000 crore.
Brent oil hits highest since late 2014 as supplies tighten amid strong demand
Brent crude oil rose for a sixth day to hit its highest since November, 2014 at over $75 a barrel, buoyed by expectations that supplies will tighten just as demand reaches record levels.
BSE Mid and Small-cap indices outperform Sensex in April so far
After a dismal start in 2018, mid-cap and small-cap stocks have seen a firm rebound in April. In the month so far, BSE Mid and Small-cap indices have outperformed Sensex, despite high valuation premium, indicating investors are shifting to riskier segments.
Tata Chemicals looks at Bolivia to feed growing appetite for lithium
Tata Chemicals Ltd is looking at business opportunities related to the exploration and import of lithium from Bolivia to India and possibly to other countries where the company operates.
DCM Shriram Q4 profit down 68% at Rs51 crore
DCM Shriram Ltd reported a 68% decline in consolidated net profit at Rs50.71 crore for the quarter ended March mainly due to lower sales realisation in sugar business.
Earnings corner
ICICI Lombard, Ultratech Ltd and Wipro will announce March quarter earnings today.
Lansdale police are looking to identify this man, seen crossing North Broad Street and 7th Street in the borough at 6:33 p.m. April 29. Torres, 33, was last seen alive April 29. Torres' body was found in their own car at the Twin Pines apartment complex on the 700 block of North Valley Forge Road in Lansdale.
Lansdale police are asking for help in identifying a “person of interest” captured on surveillance footage last month walking about a mile from the area where barber Danny Torres was later found dead in their car.
In a grainy, minute-long video posted online by Lansdale police, the man is seen crossing North Broad Street and Seventh Street. The video shows the man, wearing a dark-colored sweatshirt with the hood pulled up over their head, at 6:33 p.m. on April 29.
The man in the video is a person of interest in the case, said Michael Trail, chief of the Lansdale Police Department.
Torres, the owner of Bridgeport's Danny's Barbershop, was last seen leaving a friend's house between 6 and 7 a.m. April 29, according to a missing person report filed with the Pennsylvania State Police. Torres wrote on Facebook that they were going to take a few days off from work and return May 2.
Paul A. Keen Jr., who leased to Torres the first-floor space on West Fourth Street that housed Danny's Barbershop, said Torres was going to take a brief trip to Atlantic City and use that time to unwind.
On May 9, Lansdale police received a call reporting a suspicious vehicle at the Twin Pines apartment complex on North Valley Forge Road. Torres' body was found in their white Nissan Altima.
No one has been charged in the death of Torres, 33, and authorities will not offer details of the circumstances around their death. The cause and manner of Torres' death is under investigation. The Montgomery County Medical Examiner's Office said the autopsy results should be available by mid-June.
Anyone with tips about the identity of the man recorded by the borough's watch system are asked to call Landsdale Police Detective Nick Oropeza at 267-642-9421, or Montgomery County Detective James Reape at 610-278-3386. Information can also be emailed to crimetips@lansdalepd.org.
Subcontractors left millions of dollars out of pocket by the recent administration of Cooper & Oxley have agreed to a deal that paves the way for the builder to get back on its feet.
Director George Hampel said they were “a bit relieved” subcontractors yesterday accepted a Deed of Company Arrangement, under which they will get 6¢ to 13¢ for each dollar owing to them.
It is understood the deal was endorsed by 170 people at yesterday's creditor's meeting, with 12 votes against the DOCA.
“It is a step in the right direction,” Mr Hampel said.
“It's the subbies that I really care about — really do.”
Mr Hampel's solicitor Ben Morton said the builder had three weeks to meet certain criteria in the DOCA and, if successful as expected, it would be taken out of administration.
“I can't recall another construction company that ... has been able to get a Deed of Company Arrangement across the line,” they said.
More than 20 local building companies have gone into administration in the past two years, according to Subcontractors WA.
Subcontractors WA chairperson Louise Stewart said yesterday's decision was a bittersweet result for the subbies, who are owed $9.8 million in wages and $6.6 million in retention fees.
Ms Stewart said the deal was better than liquidation, which would have left subcontractors with no money. But some of the subbies were likely to go bankrupt.
The subbies may still get some of the money owing to them, with the builder suing Dradgin — the client on the 500 Hay Street Project — for nearly $16 million. The builder plans to use any winnings from the case to repay creditors who lost money on the Subiaco project.
Dradgin is seeking $9 million from Cooper & Oxley but the administrator claimed recently that documentation from Dradgin was “inadequate to support its claim at this point in time”.
As Others Slam The Door, Spains New Government Opens Arms To Migrant Ships While some European countries are turning away migrants rescued at sea, Spain is taking them in. A ship carrying dozens of asylum-seekers arrived today in prosperous and welcoming Barcelona.
As Others Slam The Door, Spains New Government Opens Arms To Migrant Ships As Others Slam The Door, Spains New Government Opens Arms To Migrant Ships As Others Slam The Door, Spains New Government Opens Arms To Migrant Ships Audio will be available later today. While some European countries are turning away migrants rescued at sea, Spain is taking them in. A ship carrying dozens of asylum-seekers arrived today in prosperous and welcoming Barcelona. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
THE controversial last-disposal out-of-bounds rule is set to be introduced in the AFLW next year.
Many believe the rule should be used in the AFL to keep the game moving and limit congestion following its success in the SANFL.
South Australia's state league introduced the rule, which leads to a free against the side that kicks or handballs the ball over the boundary, in 2016.
It has generally been well received with two seasons of data showing games were more free flowing which turned into improved scoring.
ROBBO: ‘WORST FREE KICK IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL'
WAIT, WHAT?: NINE AFL RULES YOU DIDN'T KNOW
Camera Icon Could AFL umpires like Eleni Glouftsis be adjudicating the last-disposal out-of-bounds rule in the AFL one day? AFLW is set to introduce it for 2018. Picture: AAP Picture: AAP
The AFL Commission is expected to tick off the rule change for the women's league this week.
There has been a reluctance to go with the ‘last possession' rule in the AFL with the league's football department preferring to maintain a strict interpretation of the deliberate out of bounds rule.
This was also to preserve the ruck and stoppage work from boundary throw-ins.
By introducing it in the women's game, it gives the decision-makers another body of evidence to consider.
Camera Icon The AFL Commission hopes the AFLW game will flow better with the rule introduction, giving stars like Daisy Pearce even more space. Picture: Wayne Ludbey Picture: News Corp Australia
While the AFLW was a runaway success in its debut season, the lack of scoring and congestion was an issue despite the 16-a-side format.
Former Geelong champion Garry Hocking, who coached South Adelaide this year, said during the year the SANFL rule not only made it easier to determine free kicks but ensured matches were more free flowing.
“You get less stoppages and you get more scoring, and I think that's what people want to go see – they want to see goals kicked and the play continue,” Hocking said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
By Conor Gogarty
Devastated relatives have paid tribute to a teenage boxing talent who died in a car crash at the age of 16.
Jesse Johnson was in a blue Vauxhall Corse hat crashed into a dry stone wall in Cheltenham at around 11.45pm.
They were taken to John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford for treatment but died in the early hours of this morning from injuries sustained in the collision.
The car's two other occupants, aged 15 and 16, were treated for minor injuries.
A family spokesperson said they are awaiting reports from the police about the exact circumstances of the crash but paid tribute to the popular young man who dreamed of becoming a professional boxer.
(Image: GloucestershireLive WS)
“We still can't believe it, it doesn't feel real,” said the family member who grew up with the young man and thought of them like a brother.
“He was such a kind and giving person, it's hard to believe he's gone so soon. Sixteen is far too young. It's such a waste of a life.
“Jesse loved their boxing. All they ever wanted to do was box and as soon as they walked through the door he'd start to shadow box.
"He could not get enough of it and was due to fight a match in a few weeks time.
"He lived for their boxing and they were really good at it. He'd come in after boxing, jump straight in the bath and then we ‘d watch a film to relax."
But Jesse was also a typical typical young lad who also liked dressing up and going out with their friends.
The spokesperson said they loved their clothes and would come back from shopping trips with clothes by labels such as Boss, Armani and Calvin Klein.
“Whenever they walked through the door, you'd know they were there," said the family spokesperson. "He didn't want to be centred of attention but he'd stand out because they were always asking questions. They were curious, interested in other people and liked a laugh.
"He would do anything to help me. They were one of the best people I knew and we are all going to miss him.”
Their trainer described Jesse as a “phenomenal” boxing talent.
Pat Lewis trained Jesse — as well as their brothers Lammie, 17, and Ricky Jnr, 14 — at Cheltenham Boxing Academy, on Battledown Industrial Estate, over the last two years.
Pat said: “I couldn't believe it when I heard. It was absolutely devastating. I was training them on Monday.
“I was very, very close with them and their brothers. They are part of the club's family.
“Jesse was one of the most exciting young talents out there. They were a phenomenal prospect.
“He was a speed merchant with a bit of the Amir Khan about him. They were fast and furious, a beautiful boxer with dancing feet.”
Jesse, who trained at the club for 12 hours every week, won both of their two official fights.
The light welterweight had ambitions to become a professional boxer.
Pat said: “He wasn't just good, they were a brilliant boxer. They were looking ahead big time.
“I have 27 fighters, and they were in what I call my Premier League of fighters. They and Lammie were in my elite group.
“I said to their dad they would go professional no problem. They had the potential to go pro because they had the discipline.
“He was never late and they were the first one in. They were a superbly nice lad. Everyone loved them here.”
The Cheltenham Boxing Academy coaches published a tribute to the young fighter on Facebook today.
It reads: "Woke up this morning to tragic news that JJ, as I call him, aka Jesse Johnson, has left us.
"It's a crying shame to lose such a young life - even more so a life that had great potential to be a top top boxer with such a bright future ahead and grow up to be a great man.
"I was only saying to their brother Jugger on Saturday the hopes I have for them and Stash Johnson in their boxing careers.
"Our boxing family and club are devastated by their passing. Their dad Ricky always says they moan if he's late getting here to the club he's that keen to get here - they loved it that much.
"His smile and mannerisms were a joy to be around, such a polite, kind and gentle young lad who will be greatly missed by all at Cheltenham Boxing Academy.
"Our Condolences to their mum and dad and all of their family, our thoughts are with you. From Pat, Caz & family, and all of the club members."
Jesse had been set for a bout against a Gloucester City ABC fighter on October 27.
Also paying tribute to Jesse was Shauna Longstaff, who lives in North Shields. They said: "RIP little cousin Jesse Johnson my love and thoughts are with my Cheltenham family.
"My heart is breaking for you all."
Warriors historic favorites to win another NBA title
Seven months after starting the season as heavy favorites to repeat as NBA champions, the Golden State Warriors are listed at 1-to-10 to defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers in the Finals, which start at 6 p.m. Thursday, May 31, in Oakland's Oracle Arena.
That means that to win $100 on the Warriors, you'd have to bet $1,000. Although the Warriors have played poorly at times during the playoffs, oddsmakers believe they can raise their game almost at will when their backs are against the wall.
“They're down seven, then you look again and they're up nine,” said Johnny Avello, sports-book director at Wynn Las Vegas. “That's how quick it happens.”
Avello said they can't recall such a heavy favorite in the Finals. “No, not 10-to-1 for the Finals — that's awful high.”
This will be the fourth straight NBA season culminating with a Warriors-Cavs matchup. The Warriors won the title in 2015 and 2017 — the Cavaliers took it in 2016. All games are on ABC.
But this year, Avello noted, the Cavs' roster is thin. They have the league's best player in LeBron James, but not much else. At press time, Cleveland forward Kevin Love, who suffered a concussion during the Eastern Conference finals, was questionable for Game 1.
The Warriors have an “implied win probability of 92.3” percent, according to Scott Miller on ActionNetwork.com, which makes them “by far the biggest NBA Finals favorite in at least 16 years.”
The betting line for Game 1 is Warriors by 12 points. Avello said Love's return would move the line by half a point to 11.5 — and if the Warriors' Andre Iguodala returns from a bone bruise, that could push the line a point and make the Warriors 13-point favorites.
The over/under for Game 1 opened at 215 points and dropped to 213 points, Avello said, with bettors thinking Cleveland's best chance to win is to slow the pace and try to contain the Warriors' offense.
At William Hill, which runs about 100 sports books in Nevada, 61 percent of early spread bets (total dollars) on Game 1 had been placed on the Warriors.
The money-line bet for Game 1 (without points) had Cleveland at +650, meaning a $100 bet would earn $650. About 96 percent of the early action on that prop was on Cleveland.
For the series, 95 percent of individual tickets at William Hill were on the Cavaliers, but 84 percent of the dollars were on the Warriors. This means that casual bettors placed small wagers on the Cavs hoping for a high-odds payoff, but the sharps were putting their big bets on the Warriors.
The sharps typically know what they're doing, so don't bet against another parade in Oakland.
Michael Shapiro (www.michaelshapiro.net) is author of “A Sense of Place.” Twitter: @shapirowrites
Who's Bill This Time
Bill Kurtis reads three quotes from the week's news...Donald Duck and Cover, Google Goof, Solar Power
BILL KURTIS: From NPR and WBEZ Chicago, this is, WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME, the NPR news quiz. Hey, before the apocalypse starts, let me be your last Bill and testament.
(LAUGHTER_)
KURTIS: I'm Bill Kurtis. And here is your host at Davies Symphony Hall in San Francisco, Peter Sagal.
(APPLAUSE)
PETER SAGAL, HOST:
Thank you, Bill. Thank you, everybody.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: We are delighted to be back here in San Francisco. Later on, we're going to be talking to San Francisco 49er, Hall of Famer Jerry Rice. He...
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Yes. He's still popular around here. They were a football legend back in the day when it was OK to like football.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: And I do want to say how great it is to be back in San Francisco, such a beautiful city any time of the year. And of course, we cannot think of a better time to just get 2,000 miles closer to North Korea.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: So if you've ever thought about calling in to play our games, I would not put it off.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: The number is 1-888-WAITWAIT. That's 1-888-924-8924. It's time to welcome our first listener-contestant. Hi, you are on, WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME.
KAREN LAURITZEN: Hi, this is Karen from, Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
SAGAL: Coeur d'Alene, Idaho - I've never been there.
What is that like?
(APPLAUSE)
LAURITZEN: It is gorgeous.
SAGAL: Yeah, it's up there in during the mountains and stuff?
LAURITZEN: Yes.
SAGAL: That's awesome. And what do you do there?
LAURITZEN: I am a second-grade teacher...
SAGAL: That... [empty]
LAURITZEN: ...And hobby cake-maker.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: I'm sorry. You said you're a hobby what?
LAURITZEN: Cake-maker. I make fancy, beautiful cakes.
SAGAL: Really? Oh, that's - you're, like, one of those people who, like, puts your cakes up on Instagram and that sort of thing?
LAURITZEN: Oh, yes. My cakes have their own Instagram.
SAGAL: Oh, excuse me.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Well, Karen, let me introduce you to our panel this week. First up, it's a comedian who'll be performing at, Flappers Comedy Club, in Burbank, Calif., on August 12, it's Alonzo Bodden.
(APPLAUSE)
ALONZO BODDEN: Hello, Karen.
SAGAL: Next, it's the comedian who'll be at the Carolina Theatre in Greensboro, N.C., on, October 21. It's Paula Poundstone.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Finally, it's a humorist and the author, most recently, of "Save Room For Pie." It's Roy Blount Jr.
ROY BLOUNT JR: Hey.
(APPLAUSE)
BLOUNT JR: Hey, Karen.
SAGAL: Karen, welcome to our show. You're going to play, Who's Bill This Time? Bill Kurtis is going to read you three quotations from the week's news. Your job, of course, is correctly identify or explain two of them. Do that, you win the prize, the voice of scorekeeper emeritus Carl Kasell on your voicemail. Are you ready to play?
LAURITZEN: I am.
SAGAL: Well, then, let's do it. Your first quote is from someone who clearly felt relaxed and mellow on their summer vacation this week.
KURTIS: They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Who was that?
(LAUGHTER)
LAURITZEN: That was our president, Donald Trump.
SAGAL: Yes, indeed.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
BLOUNT JR: You know, I kept thinking this week about the scene in the Marx Brothers movie "At The Circus," when the strongman, who's the bad guy, is beating up Harpo.
SAGAL: Yeah.
BLOUNT JR: And Groucho says - you big bully, what are you doing picking on that little bully?
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: I was just thinking how dangerous that threat would be if they gave them the real nuclear codes.
SAGAL: Exactly.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: During the first week of President Trump's three-week vacation at their golf club, observers noted that their behavior was correlated to the weather. When it rained and they couldn't golf, they sent angry tweets. Well, on Wednesday, it must have been hailing turds from the sky...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...Because the president decided to threaten North Korea with nuclear war. Now, we found out later that the president was quoted, "improvising," when they made that statement you heard. None of their advisers knew they were going to say it. Well, the two things you do not want to hear improvise are a jazz musician and Donald Trump.
(LAUGHTER)
PAULA POUNDSTONE: Well, they say now, that they may not have gone far enough...
SAGAL: Yes.
POUNDSTONE: ...That these words, with fire and fury, weren't tough enough. And so he's going to add bigly.
SAGAL: Yeah.
(LAUGHTER)
BLOUNT JR: You can't just let something go. I mean, if you're going to react to everything that that guy in North Korea says, you're just going to have a full-time job.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Yeah.
BLOUNT JR: I remember when Muhammad Ali was insulted by somebody, and they just sort of disdained to reply. And somebody says, why don't you say something back? And they said, a dog can bark at the moon. If the moon ever barks back, that'll be the most famous dog in the world.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Yeah. Seriously, they are - Donald Trump, before he's done, is going to take out so many people, the whole world is going to look like the crowd at their inauguration.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: All right, very good. Here is your next quote.
KURTIS: I'm pretty sure I just broke the world record for mansplaining.
SAGAL: That was a woman named Kristina Hollie on Twitter. They were one of the many people who commented on a memo released that got its author fired from what big tech company this week?
LAURITZEN: Google.
SAGAL: Yes, Google.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: The author of this memo, which was instantly leaked to the media, was dubbed the Google Bro. They said he'd been on a long flight to China, so they decided to write a memo explaining why women are not naturally suited to the tech industry. This is what happens when the only in-flight entertainment is "The Emoji Movie."
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: It's funny how many people - like, even as a comic, people ask me all the time about what - you know, how come there are fewer women? Or...
SAGAL: Yeah.
POUNDSTONE: ...People ask me, what's it like being a woman comic as if I've had another experience to compare it with.
SAGAL: Yeah.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: I say, well, before...
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: I just wonder, how quickly after Google fired them did Uber hire him?
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Funny you mention that...
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: ...It just so happens that Uber, as you may know, has been searching for a female CEO. And they've narrowed it down - this is true - to three candidates - a man, a man and a man.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: OK, fine. They're all men. But one of them had tried knitting, and another one of them once listened.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: All right, your last quote is from a Craigslist ad that got some attention this week.
KURTIS: I'm a 40-year-old male looking for a worthy female with beauty and smarts to experience the totality in Oregon.
SAGAL: That was a man hoping to get busy under what big event in a couple of weeks?
LAURITZEN: The solar eclipse.
SAGAL: The big solar eclipse, yes. Very good.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
SAGAL: The summer's eclipse on August 21 has been called the last one we will see in our lifetimes. Now it's being called the last one we'll see in our lifetimes if we all live till August 21.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: It's causing a boom in tourism in places that don't normally get tourism but happen to be in the path of the totality. That's the places where the eclipse will be complete. It's led to such great tourism slogans as - come see Carbondale, Ill., at the one time you won't be able to see Carbondale, Ill.
(LAUGHTER)
BLOUNT JR: That's probably when it's at its best.
SAGAL: Yeah.
BLOUNT JR: I've never been to Carbondale. But...
POUNDSTONE: Oh, have you not been to Carbondale, Ill.?
BLOUNT JR: No, uh-uh.
POUNDSTONE: Oh, jeez. When the sun is up and working, it...
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: So this guy's plan is to hook up every solar eclipse? That's aiming low.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: That...
SAGAL: Yeah. Every 240 years, they get lucky.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: This is interesting and true; 92 percent of the counties in the path of that totality, complete darkness, voted for Trump, which is ironic...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...Because the last thing in the world they wanted was to make America darker.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Did you know...
BODDEN: But they're not worried about it because, in their world, the eclipse isn't real.
SAGAL: That's true.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Bill, how did Karen do on our quiz?
KURTIS: Wait until they tell those second-graders she's got them all right.
SAGAL: Congratulations, Karen.
(APPLAUSE)
KURTIS: Perfect score.
SAGAL: Karen, thank you so much for playing.
LAURITZEN: Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "LIGHTS OUT")
SANTIGOLD: (Singing) Lights out. Shoot up the station. TV's dead. Where's there to run?
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Ohio-Purdue Box
OHIO 77, PURDUE 71
OHIO (5-3)
Jessing 0-0 0-0 0, Agler 2-6 1-4 6, Barker 3-3 0-0 7, Burke 5-12 4-7 17, Doseck 2-6 5-6 10, Burris 4-6 0-0 10, Stover 4-9 2-2 12, Thome 0-0 0-0 0, Hooks 6-14 3-6 15, Totals 26-56 15-25 77.
PURDUE (6-5)
Harris 4-5 1-2 9, Cooper 6-12 5-7 18, Farquhar 1-2 2-2 4, Keys 6-10 7-7 20, Oden 5-14 4-4 17, Kiesler 0-0 0-0 0, McLaughlin 1-4 0-0 3, Murphy 0-2 0-0 0, Totals 23-49 19-22 71.
Ohio 21 15 20 21 —77 Purdue 23 14 15 19 —71
3-Point Goals_Ohio 10-16 (Agler 1-2, Barker 1-1, Burke 3-4, Doseck 1-3, Burris 2-2, Stover 2-4), Purdue 6-14 (Cooper 1-2, Keys 1-2, Oden 3-6, McLaughlin 1-3, Murphy 0-1). Assists_Ohio 12 (Agler 4), Purdue 17 (Keys 5). Fouled Out_Ohio Burris, Purdue Harris. Rebounds_Ohio 22 (Hooks 7), Purdue 39 (Farquhar 10). Total Fouls_Ohio 23, Purdue 20. A_5,654.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lionel Messi was slammed after Barcelona's humiliating defeat to PSG.
Luis Enrique's men were battered 4-0 in the French capital to leave their Champions League hopes in tatters.
Messi cut a frustrated figure throughout as they turned in one of their most ineffective displays in years.
And French newspaper L'Equipe slammed the Argentine's performance in their player ratings.
Messi was given just 2/10, sharing the lowly score with Luis Suarez, Andres Iniesta, Andre Gomes and Jordi Alba.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Barça boss Enrique was also given the score as they failed to stop the PSG onslaught.
Sergi Roberto had the highest outfield rating with four, while goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen getting six.
Unsurprisingly, PSG's stars scored very highly after a sensational performance.
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
Man of the match Angel Di Maria was given a nine after scoring twice, along with Adrien Rabiot.
Fellow goalscorers Edinson Cavani and Julian Draxler scored 8/10.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Luis Enrique snaps at reporter after 4-0 defeat to PSG Share this video Watch Next
Messi was also criticised by pundits Rio Ferdinand and Steven Gerrard after their abject performance.
"His reaction there was poor," the former Manchester United defender told BT Sport. "All night they were sloppy.
"He looked dejected and bereft of ideas, [but] he's human."
Gerrard added: "He showed zero effort. No reaction all night."
Pentagon Questioned Over Blackout On War Zone Troop Numbers
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Renneisen/Getty Images Andrew Renneisen/Getty Images
For more than a decade, if you wanted to know how many U.S. troops there were in war zones such as Iraq and Afghanistan, you could readily find that information at a public Pentagon website that's updated every three months.
But since late last year, the Pentagon's stopped posting those numbers for Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.
That public information blackout, along with the recent suspension of Pentagon reports on airstrikes and collateral damage in Afghanistan, has some lawmakers on Capitol Hill raising red flags.
"What's your view on the detail of the information that should be released?," Rhode Island Sen. Jack Reed asked Lt. Gen. Scott Miller at their June 19 confirmation hearing to be the next U.S. commander in Afghanistan.
Miller assured Reed, the Senate Armed Services Committee's top Democrat, that if confirmed, they would be "very transparent" about what's going on in Afghanistan during appearances before Reed's oversight panel.
"As for details that are being on hold," Miller continued, "I would need to go forward and understand why we're holding back that information."
Miller's apparent uncertainty about that policy is understandable: the genesis of the clampdown on information about the nation's longest-fought war has indeed been one of conflicting messages.
First, there was Defense Secretary Jim Mattis' assurance last August that the Pentagon would be more transparent about reporting troop levels in Afghanistan.
"Frankly, I had to change the accounting process because we couldn't figure out how many troops we had there," Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon. "So believe me, I understand the problem. But once we know how many there are, hopefully we've told you what — about what there is."
One week later, President Trump sent a conflicting policy signal on how well the public would be informed about how many U.S. forces were deployed in Afghanistan.
"We will not talk about numbers of troops or our plans for further military activities," Trump declared while announcing plans for stepping up U.S. military operations in Afghanistan. "America's enemies must never know our plans, or believe they can wait us out."
The next week, Trump's directive did not seem to have made its mark yet at the Pentagon.
"When I say transparent," Joint Chiefs of Staff Director Lt. Gen. Kenneth McKenzie explained to reporters asking about how troops in Afghanistan would be tallied, "I'm talking about accounting for force levels that include those forces that are temporarily deployed. They will now be reported."
Indeed, in the Sept. 30, 2017 quarterly update from DMDC, part of the Defense Department that publishes online data on military personnel, on U.S. troop deployments worldwide, 13,329 uniformed American forces are reported in Afghanistan — up from 10,107 in the previous report.
But in the next DMDC numbers update for Dec. 31, 2017 (posted on March 30, 2018), the Pentagon falls in step with Trump's vow not to give out troop numbers.
Only blank spaces appear for Afghanistan in that DMDC report — ditto for Iraq and Syria. An explanation is offered in a note at the bottom of the spreadsheet. "With ongoing operations," it reads, "any questions concerning DOD personnel strength numbers are deferred to OSD Public Affairs/Joint Chiefs of Staff."
Translation: if you want to know how many U.S. forces are deployed in these three nations at war, you'll have to ask the public affairs officers detailed to Mattis' Pentagon office suite.
That's where, after two weeks of unanswered emails and phone messages, I finally had a chance to sit down with a Pentagon spokesperson to hear why those numbers were no longer being posted online.
"We have to make sure that the American people know what their forces are doing," Army Major Adrian Galloway said. "But we have to protect our forces as well. And a part of that is making sure that we keep a handle on what information we release to the public in general."
In May, five House Democrats wrote Secretary Mattis demanding they rescind the new policy of redacting U.S. troop levels for nations "with ongoing operations."
"In the past there's at least been transparency. Now there isn't," says Vermont's Peter Welch, who co-signed the letter to Mattis. "And whether the number's going up or down, whether there's success or failure, it's completely unknown."
In their response to the congressional missive, Mattis portrays the DMDC's steering of the inquiring public to their public affairs office for information about war zone troop levels as a change that's an actual improvement.
"It increases the Department's transparency and consistency," Mattis writes, "by publicly reporting certain previously undisclosed termporary duty personnel deployed in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq."
If those numbers are being publicly reported, even some members of Congress who sit on the armed services panels have yet to hear about it. "Well, I'll get back with you," South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham tells me when I ask them about the absence of publicly posted troop numbers. "I didn't know that."
Pentagon Spokesman Galloway did give me a number for U.S. troops currently in Afghanistan - 14,000. But they acknowledged it's not exact.
"I can tell you that that number is approximate, it's very close to the real number," they told me. "I do know the real numbers, but unfortunately the real number is classified and I just can't talk about it."
Even though the DMDC in the past posted troop numbers for Afghanistan and other war zones only once every quarter and usually months late, Galloway argued that doing so could "telegraph to our adversaries what it is we're doing at a particular time."
Critics are not persuaded. "I've yet to hear anybody articulate one instance where those numbers led to an operational risk," says Jason Dempsey, an analyst with the Center for a New American Security.
After two tours in Afghanistan and another in Iraq, Dempsey retired as a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Marines and has written extensively on civilian-military relations.
"When we decide we're gonna be just like every other insecure, two-bit, tinpot dictator country, in that we've got to keep everything under wraps and we can't telegraph our moves," they say, "what we're essentially saying is, we don't want an engaged public."
Knowing the numbers of American troops sent to war zones can make a difference in the public's awareness of ongoing conflicts, says another critic of the Pentagon's new policy of providing those numbers on an ask-only basis.
"Numbers are a kind of bad shorthand for talking about American commitments, but they're a useful starting point for a conversation," says Loren DeJonge Schulman, who advised former Defense Secretary Robert Gates and served on the National Security Council during the Obama administration. "And if we don't start those conversations, Americans will have no way of knowing we have thousands of troops at risk overseas. We don't talk about that — the president never talks about it."
The danger with the new numbers policy, DeJonge Schulman adds, is that should the Trump administration decide to substantially increase U.S. forces in Afghanistan or other war zones, the actual numbers would remain classified.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Johnny Sexton's incredible drop goal after time ensured Ireland won their 6 Nations opener 15-13 vs France in Paris.
Teddy Thomas' brilliance to score a try had put the hosts into a 13-12 lead, but the Irish dug in and remained in the contest.
Sexton scored all visitors' points and took on an audacious drop-goal from just inside the France half to seal a dramatic win.
The thrilling end left the hosts deflated, though Irish full-back Rob Kearney hailed their side's finish.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"It's quite incredible really. We probably got out of jail a little bit," Kearney said.
"To build that amount of phases, to keep the ball - the conditions are awful - and then the stones on Johnny at the end was incredible.
"I thought it (the drop goal) was a little short. It went in slow motion and it just crept over.
"We knew it was the last play. They ran off celebrating and we all went along. It was unbelievably special."
Next up for Ireland are Italy at home, while France must gather themselves to take on Scotland.
WASHINGTON — Friends of President Trump's former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, who has posted millions of dollars in property to guarantee their future federal court appearances on money laundering and fraud charges, are soliciting contributions to finance their defense.
The website created by Manafort's associates also doubles as a public relations arm for the defendant whose legal team is bound by a strict gag order by a federal judge overseeing one of the two criminal cases lodged against him.
Several links to news report critical of Russia special counsel Robert Mueller, whose team of prosecutors is managing the investigation, are cited as part of the solicitation.
"Let's band together and allow Paul's position to be fully expressed and create an even playing field," states the website manafortdefense.org, which lauds Manafort's "lifetime of service."
"Paul has spent their life advancing American ideals and principles," according to the website. "He has had the unique and extraordinary opportunity to become a trusted advisor to no less than four United States presidents."
The site refers to Manafort's work for Presidents Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush and Trump.
An early target of Mueller's inquiry into Russian interference in the 2016 election, Manafort faces money laundering and conspiracy charges in a Washington federal court where a trial is set for September, while bank fraud and tax fraud charges have been filed in a Virginia federal court where a separate trial has been scheduled for July.
The cost of mounting defenses against such charges, even for a defendant of Manafort's considerable wealth, can be draining as the separate cases move forward in two venues.
And Manafort is not the only target of Mueller's inquiry to potentially benefit from a public solicitation.
The family of former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn established a similar fund for the retired Army general who pleaded guilty in December to lying to the FBI as agents inquired about their contacts with former Russia ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
As part of their decision to plead guilty, Flynn agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in the ongoing inquiry.
A look at former FBI director Robert Mueller Mueller leaves after briefing members of the Senate Judiciary Committee on the investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 presidential election on Capitol Hill on June 21, 2017. 01 / 22 Mueller leaves after briefing members of the Senate Judiciary Committee on the investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 presidential election on Capitol Hill on June 21, 2017. 01 / 22
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are plotting a £40million move for Ryan Sessegnon this summer, according to reports.
The Fulham wonderkid has been impressing Jose Mourinho and Fulham know that they might be powerless to stopping them leaving.
The Sun report that the 14-goal winger has been watched by United in their last three outings for Fulham and are preparing a potential offer.
Sessegnon, 17, has been attracting interest from all of the top Premier League teams, with Tottenham initially thought to be winning the race.
Having started their career as a left-back, but now regularly featuring further up the field, they could be seen as an alternate option for Luke Shaw.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Shaw feels Jose is freezing them out
Luke Shaw feels Jose Mourinho is freezing them out and is thinking about complaining to Manchester United chief Ed Woodward, according to sources.
The left-back was substituted at half-time during Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final win over Brighton.
Mourinho said they had taken Shaw off because he'd failed to follow their tactical instructions.
It is just the latest incident in a troubled relationship.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Last season, Mourinho described one of Shaw's displays as “his body with my brain” and told the England international to “accelerate the learning process”.
The 22-year-old had to wait until December for their first Premier League start of the season, but then started 2018 by playing five of United's seven games as Ashley Young was banned.
It prompted Mourinho to claim Shaw was in line for a new contract with just one year left this summer on their £80,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford.
United make Bellerin enquiry
(Image: Arsenal FC)
Manchester United have entered the race to sign Hector Bellerin, though Juventus remain favourites to land the Arsenal star this summer.
The Spanish right-back has been heavily linked with a move away and their high market value could generate funds for Arsene Wenger to rebuild their side.
Mirror Football understands United have made discreet enquiries about the 23-year-old's availability and have asked to be kept informed on developments.
Bellerin is tied down to a long-term contract at the Emirates, which runs until 2023, meaning that the Gunners could command a big fee.
U.S. Marine Corps Lance Cpl. Justin Williams, right, a team leader with the Provost Marshal's Office special reaction team, gives guidance to Lance Cpl. James Grigsby, a military police officer with PMO, during active-shooter training at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 13, 2017. With assistance from the special reaction team, the Marines sharpened their skills by practicing proper room clearing techniques and how to correctly secure a building. Marines practiced the procedures in small groups prior to conducting a simulated active-shooter situation. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:19 Photo ID: 3165408 VIRIN: 170213-M-RP664-0061 Resolution: 5334x3556 Size: 11.67 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Provost Marshal's Office active shooter training [Image 1 of 6], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A terrified dad was forced to get money out of an ATM and hand it over to a masked robber who was holding a gun to their young son's head.
The man, their wife and their son, who looks about three years old, were inside the Punjab National Bank cashpoint building when the masked robber approached them with a handgun.
They threatened the father with the weapon and forced them to hand over the contents of their wallet and then demanded that they get more money out with their bank card.
The man tried to reason with the robber but they then pointed their gun at the little boy, threatening to shoot them if they did not get them some more cash.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
Bear pushes their injured trainer around in wheelchair after they break both legs in horrific 60ft fall
The chilling threat was enough to convince the man to do as they were told and they quickly grabbed their bank card and put it back in the machine.
The panicking dad looked as if they got the wrong PIN number initially as they appeared to have to enter it twice, which saw the gunman get increasingly agitated.
Eventually, the man succeeded in withdrawing more money from the cashpoint and handed it to the robber who ran off.
(Image: CEN)
Huge mob in standoff with cops after "child protectors" vigilante group posts video online
Police in the city of Indore, India, are investigating the shocking robbery which happened in December but has only just been made public.
Detectives decided to release the video in the hope of identifying the robber after a spate of similar incidents in the area.
BRIDGEPORT, W. Va. – Urbana University shortstop Caitlyn Stoner has been named the Mountain East Conference Softball Player of the Week, announced by the league headquarters on Monday.
It's the second weekly award for Stoner this season, who hit .375 (9 for 24) with four home runs and 11 RBI through eight games. The redshirt junior posted a 1.000 slugging percentage in the clean-up spot, along with three doubles, five walks, and seven runs scored. They hit safely in 7 of 8 games, while producing a run in six of those contests.
Stoner came up clutch all week in helping the Blue Knights record five wins and move into second place of the MEC North Division.
In the second game at Fairmont State last Monday, Stoner blasted a two-run homer in the seventh inning to break a tied score and lead UU to a 6-4 win and doubleheader sweep of the Falcons.
On Wednesday, Stoner launched another late-inning homer – a two-run shot in the bottom of the sixth to even the score at 2-2 against Ashland. The Blue Knights went on to win that game in the seventh.
Then, Stoner kept rolling through the weekend and homered once in each game of Friday's doubleheader against West Virginia State. Both long balls gave UU a 2-0 lead, as all four homers during the week ended up being recorded as two-run shots.
Stoner raised their career home-run total to 14 and only needs three more to become UU's all-time home run leader. Linsey Manning (2007-09) currently holds the school record with 16 home runs.
The UU softball team returns to action Wednesday when it travels to the University of Indianapolis for a pair of non-conference games.
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble The U.S. says Russia is violating the treaty and some Republicans want to respond by developing a new missile. But arms control experts say that could spur a nuclear arms race and isn't necessary.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kanye West has reportedly parted ways with their management team after giving them a dramatic all-or-nothing ultimatum.
The rapper is said to have told their team they had to work with them full-time or not at all.
According to TMZ , the star was 'erratic' when they gave their team, including their lawyers and manager Scooter Braun, the ultimatum.
But with a number of big stars under their management, including the likes of Ariana Grande, it's said that Scooter told Kanye working full-time with them wasn't an option.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Splash News)
Kanye, who once said they want to be 'bigger than Apple', reportedly plans to do everything in-house when it comes to their music career.
The website says Kanye and Scooter are still on good terms and that they'll continue to do business together in the future.
The site also reports their sources were quick to point out that Kanye wasn't having the sort of meltdown they had in November 2016.
It comes after Kanye, who recently welcomed their third child with wife Kim Kardashian, appeared to drop a huge hint that he's going to run for President of the States in 2024.
However, it seems they changed their mind just minutes later than they quickly deleted the post.
Kanye shared a snap of five identical posters hanging up on a wall outside what looks to be a store or office building.
(Image: kanyewest/Twitter)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The pink posters feature a black and white image of their face, with the slogan "Keep America Great" above him.
And at the bottom, there's a hashtag that reads "#Kanye2024"
Kanye shared the picture on Twitter alongside a thinking face emoji, but deleted it within a few minutes.
The slogan is similar to Trump's, which was "Make America Great Again".
It's not known if the posters were actually of Kanye's design, or if they were posted by a fan, with Kanye simply sharing the image with their followers.
Mirror Online has contacted Kanye's representatives and Scooter and comment.
President Trump signed an executive order this week allowing adults who illegally enter the United States with children, claiming to be family units, to be detained together in federal facilities.The question of a valid parental-child relationship is at the center of how the Department of Homeland Security and Health and Human Services handle detainment.In, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley warned about catch-and-release policies enabling the smuggling industry. In the past, any non-Mexican or Canadian individual illegally crossing the border with a child was considered a family unit, processed and released into the interior."A recent Department of Homeland Security (DHS) report confirmed that human smuggling rings are exploiting children in order to prevent the detention of the undocumented immigrants they're smuggling into the United States.," they said."At least one Honduran interviewed by DHS officials reported that. This smuggling practice has bolstered an underground market for counterfeit birth certificates according to the report, which was prepared by the DHS Human Smuggling Cell. Once in the U.S., these children are vulnerable to labor or sex trafficking," they continued.Fast-forward to 2018 and this is still the case."If there's no documentation to confirm the claimed relationship between an adult and a child, we [separate] if the parent is a national security, public or safety risk, including when there are criminal charges at issue and it may not be appropriate to maintain the family in detention together," DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen said at the White House Monday."We also separate a parent and child if the adult is suspected of human trafficking. There have been cases where minors have been used and trafficked by unrelated adults in an effort to avoid detention," they continued. "And I'd stop here to say,. This is, obviously, of concern."Current and former Border Patrol and ICE agents who have worked extensively on human trafficking cases continue to have these concerns. Worse, they're alarmed"You can never really verify who the parents really are," former Border Patrol and Customs Special Agent Jason Piccolo said during an interview with Townhall. "Especially in light of adult males showing up with kids."In 2015, Piccolo blew the whistle on the Obama administration releasing unaccompanied minors to unvetted, criminal sponsors. During that time, they served as the sole ICE and Enforcement and Removal Operations representative to the White House Security Council's DHS Human Smuggling Cell. It was their job to disrupt or dismantle human smuggling organizations domestically and internationally."Without doing some kind of in-depth interview or interrogation or some kind of biometrics [DNA] there's no way you can tell if the kids are actually family," they said.Piccolo explained how adults and children are given fake documents, including birth certificates to "prove" they are "related.""They're given fake documents in order to get through Mexico and a lot of times they'll give those fake documents back," they said.The entire purpose is to claim asylum, valid or not, with the understanding that "family units" are apprehended and then released to the interior of the United States. Since 2008, asylum claims have ballooned by 1,700 percent according to DHS data.Under the Obama administration, 80-90 percent of individuals making asylum claims with children were released after being processed and given a court date. Inevitably, they started living in the U.S. illegally for years to come. This is the policy the Trump administration is trying to change."When they're presenting themselves they'd get an asylum interview and they'd get released," Piccolo said. "It was widely known that the human smuggling cell knew that aliens coming in from South America stated that they were told if they were a family unit they would be released at the border."Piccolo suggests a joint effort with USCIS, DHS and FBI is necessary for vetting and that a joint task force must be developed to do interviews and interrogations of adults traveling with children."If you really want to fix this problem you have to really vet these adults," they said.
CLOSE A 20-year-old and a 28-year-old sustained gunshot wounds from an incident in the 100 block of North Rodney Street. Wochit
Buy Photo At least two shot in Wilmington's Hilltop neighborhood. (Photo: JOSEPHINE PETERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
Wilmington police are investigating a shooting in the city's Hilltop neighborhood involving two victims, according to police.
The call came in at 6:25 p.m. from the "Shot Spotter" near the intersection of Rodney Street and Lancaster Avenue.
A 20-year-old man and a 28-year-old man both sustained gunshot wounds, said Sgt. Stephanie Castellani. The 20-year-old was shot in the torso, while the 28-year-old had gunshot wounds in their arm, leg and groin area, they said.
Police initially reported three gunshot victims, but have since updated the number.
The men were taken to Christiana Hospital, where the 20-year-old man was listed in stable condition. The condition of the 28-year-old man has not yet been released.
Bullet casings were found in the 1400 block of Lancaster Avenue and the 100 block of North Rodney Street.
Nearby residents have said some of their neighbors have been stuck in the nearby Save-A-Lot store waiting for the scene to be cleared.
Wednesday's double shooting brought the number of people shot in Wilmington so far this year to 36 — considerably lower than last year which for the same period in time had seen 91 people wounded by gunfire.
This month has seen an uptick in shootings with 12 people wounded by gunfire. That's more than any previous month going back to October, which had 16 gun shooting victims.
WILMINGTON'S RECENT GUN VIOLENCE:
Police determine N. Madison Street shooting was a homicide
19-year-old shot in park on 35th Street, police investigate
This is a developing story. Check back with delawareonline.com for more information.
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/three-shot-wilmingtons-hilltop-neighborhood/657988002/
Outrage as teachers gossip about kids in F**k, Marry or Kill
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A shocking video has emerged showing a group of teachers playing a vile sex game about their students while sitting in a bar.
The seven staff members were recorded by another customer in the Bangor Tavern Bar and Grill, in Michigan, playing "F***, marry kill" while discussing their students.
In the game, the player must decide who they would rather have sex with, who they would rather marry, and who they would kill, after being given a list of names.
In the video, one woman says: "Oh, I would f*** [student's name]"
(Photo: Jennifer Prentice/Youtube)
Another man adds: "I would totally marry [student's name] because they like the Tigers and they never even brought up that I was wasted on the bus trip... they can keep secrets."
Footage of the game was uploaded onto YouTube on Monday, February 13, after the incident.
According to WZZM 13 News , West Michigan, a secretary resigned and two teachers received a written reprimand after the video was broadcast.
Four members of staff were also given verbal reprimands.
(Photo: Jennifer Prentice/Youtube)
Since then, two more teachers have also quit the school .
A Bangor Police Chief said there was nothing criminal in the video and would not be issuing charges.
Parents are now said to be reaching out to the Michigan Department of Education to see if any ethical rules were broken.
One parent said: "I would like to see people being held accountable."
A wheelchair-bound Japanese pensioner has died after being attacked by a swarm of giant Asian hornets.Chieko Kikuchi, 87, was being taken back home from a nursing facility in western Ehime Prefecture when a swarm of the insects descended on her.She called the nursing facility for help who dispatched paramedics to the scene.However, the medics arrived without protective clothing because they were wrongly told Kikuchi had already been dragged to safety.Eventually the insects retreated and they were rushed to hospital but died of their injuries the following day.The insects came from a nest that was attached to a building near the woman's home, according to the Japan Times. The attack happened back in September but was only reported on Friday.After the ordeal, which lasted around 50 minutes, the woman was rushed to hospital but died the following day, the firefighter said.'It was an unusual operation for us,' they admitted.A forestry agency official said hornets often attack people when their nests are affected.'To avoid getting stung by hornets, you should keep away from their nests, wear protective jackets and use a wasp killer spray,' the agency official said.Some 20 people die from hornets stings every year in Japan, according to public broadcaster NHK.
Adnan Januzaj admits Sunderland will get hammered by Liverpool if they repeat the weekend's defensive disasters.
Sunderland let in four goals at Burnley on New Year's Eve and Januzaj knows says Jurgen Klopp's rampant Reds could score more than that when they visit on Monday.
The Black Cats were abject at Turf Moor, and on-loan Manchester United winger Januzaj claims everyone must now produce a response in front of their home crowd.
“Everyone is down after a bad defeat and a bad performance like that, but we have to try to look at the games we played well in before and make it difficult for Liverpool,” they said.
AFTER dominating the National Age Group Triathlon (NAGT)-Camotes Leg, the junior triathletes of Cebu are gearing up for their next task—the Capiz International Triathlon this Saturday.
The junior triathletes will be led by national team members Karen Manayon and Andrew Kim Remolino of Talisay City, who will suit up in the sprint race, which features an 800-m. swim, 20K bike and 5K run course.
Manayon and Remolino, both students of Talisay City Science High School, reigned in their respective divisions in the NAGT-Camotes Leg last March 26.
“We have prepared for the Capiz race. The athletes continued to train even on Holy Week. They only rested on Good Friday,” said coach Roland Remolino of Talisay Luigi Triathlon Group.
Cebuanas Moira Erediano of Sacred Heart School-Ateneo de Cebu (SHS-AdC) and Nicole del Rosario of SHS-Hijas de Jesus will also suit up in the mini-sprint with 400m swim, 10K bike and 2.5K run route.
The other junior triathletes of Cebu listed for the race are Alfred Lathrel Pacabis, Renz Wynn Corbin, Denver Dayonot, Jeana Mariel Canete, Dave Zachary Fernandez, Jesson Christopher Canete and Charles Jeremiah Lipura.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Spandau Ballet have replaced frontman Tony Hadley with a singer half their age – who starred as Elvis Presley in the West End.
And Ross William Wild, 30, is sure to thrill the group's fans even more with an Instagram full of naked selfies.
The Million Dollar Quartet star, who appeared on stage alongside bandmate Martin Kemp, will be announced at a gig to launch their “new chapter”, called: “The next line.”
Tony, 57, quit the group last year.
A source said: “Ross has a fantastic voice and got on well with Martin, so it hasn't taken them long to get welcomed into the fold – they all think he's great.
(Image: Rex Features)
“He'll join them on live dates later this year, and there is new music.
“They're hoping Ross will help them win over new fans as well as being a welcome addition to their fanbase.”
Next week's debut gig at Subterania nightclub in West London takes place two days before Tony's solo album is out, and the group are set to make TV appearances on the day of the release.
Tony cited “circumstances beyond my control” when they announced their departure, which the band's Steve Norman later called “bulls***”.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
The band, who had a No1 hit with True in 1983, split in 1990 when Tony along with Steve and drummer John Keeble unsuccessfully tried to sue songwriter Gary Kemp over royalties.
The group reunited in 2009 and in 2014 for a tour the next year.
Ross has also starred in raunchy 2011 film Downing, where they have sex scenes with a woman and a man.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES I-495 crash injures 22-year-old man | 0:30 A 22-year-old sustained serious injuries in a crash on I-495 early Thursday. 1/25/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 1 of 5 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Motorcycle rider killed in Bear crash | 0:26 A man riding a motorcycle was killed in a crash in Bear. 1/23/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 2 of 5 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Child injured in Newport Gap Pike crash | 0:28 A 9-year-old child sustained non-life threatening injuries in a crash Tuesday afternoon in Mill Creek. 1/17/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 3 of 5 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Multi-vehicle crash in Wilmington kills woman | 0:35 A crash Wednesday morning in Wilmington killed a 46-year-old woman and critically injured a man. 1/10/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 4 of 5 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Single vehicle crash near Red Lion kills one | 0:24 State police say a crash Wednesday morning on Red Lion Road killed one person. 1/10/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 5 of 5 Last VideoNext Video I-495 crash injures 22-year-old man
Motorcycle rider killed in Bear crash
Child injured in Newport Gap Pike crash
Multi-vehicle crash in Wilmington kills woman
Single vehicle crash near Red Lion kills one
A single-car accident near Nine Foot Road and Revel Road claimed the life of a 26-year-old Seaford man. (Photo: Delaware State Police)
A single-vehicle crash claimed the life of a 26-year-old Seaford man Friday night just west of Dagsboro.
Delaware State Police say Jesse J. Hendrix lost control of their 2015 Dodge Dart just before 10 p.m. while traveling at a high rate of speed eastbound on Nine Foot Road (Del. 26), about a half mile west of Revel Road.
Police said Hendrix began to lose control of the vehicle while negotiating a gradual curve to their left and proceeded off the south edge of the road. The vehicle entered a ditch, overturned multiple times and came to rest on its roof in an open farm field, police said.
Hendrix, who was unrestrained, was pronounced dead at the scene. They were the sole occupant of the vehicle.
Nine Foot Road was closed for about 2 1/2 hours while the crash was investigated and cleared.
Contact reporter Jeff Neiburg at (302) 983-6772, jneiburg@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @Jeff_Neiburg.
More: Millsboro crash leaves motorcyclist in serious condition
More: Court docs: UD police officer used belt to discipline son, charged with child abuse
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/02/03/seaford-man-26-killed-single-vehicle-crash/303532002/
HIGHLIGHTS Dina Shingleton fired by new Mayor Dennis Siry
Village continues to pay their salary while looking for replacement
The Village of Amityville is looking for a new clerk-treasurer while it continues to pay the salary of the person previously in that position.
The village put an advertisement for the position on its website last week after clerk-treasurer Dina Shingleton was fired by new Mayor Dennis Siry. According to Shingleton, who was appointed to the position in April 2015, Siry told them before last month's election that should they be elected, they would keep them on. But the day after the village's reorganization meeting, Siry told them they were being let go and that it was their last day, Shingleton said.
“I was completely shocked,” they said. “It's a shame I couldn't have at least told them what things I had in progress.”
Siry acknowledged that they had told Shingleton they would stay.
“I was hoping on keeping them there,” they said. “But I started getting a different opinion on it.” They said the village has begun interviewing candidates for the job.
Shingleton last month sent a letter of complaint to the state board of elections because Babylon Town Democratic Party chief Peter Casserly, who was treasurer of Siry's campaign, had not filed campaign financial disclosure reports. Siry denied Casserly had any influence on their decision to let Shingleton go.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Because clerk-treasurer is an appointed position, village officials will have to continue to give Shingleton their salary and benefits until someone else is chosen to fill the job. Shingleton said they are paid roughly $97,000 per year.
Shingleton questioned their removal after having helped the village obtain two credit rating upgrades and with a new budget due to the state.
“At the end of the day, a new administration comes in, they want their people around them who are going to institute their policies, that's the way it goes,” they said. “But as villages go, it's a pretty big budget with a lot of moving parts to it and we've really made some excellent progress.”
Meanwhile, Amityville budget officer and trustee Nick LaLota, who ran against Siry for mayor in a heated campaign, resigned as budget officer on Wednesday after they said they realized they could not come up with a budget that honored both men's campaign promises.
“I think passing an on-time balanced budget without an experienced treasurer will present a very difficult challenge for the village,” LaLota said.
The budget must be passed by the board by May 1.
Uber has been slimming down its businesses outside its core markets as it prepares for its own IPO in 2019. Photo: Mint
London: Uber Technologies Inc. and Careem Networks FZ are in preliminary talks to combine their Middle Eastern ride-hailing services, hoping to resolve a costly rivalry as Uber prepares for a public offering next year, according to three people familiar with the matter.
The companies have discussed a number of potential deal structures, but they haven't come to an agreement on the contours, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
Uber has sold operations in Southeast Asia, Russia and China, and insisted that it was done selling off its global business piecemeal. In its discussions with Careem, Uber has said that it would need to own more than half of the combined company, if not buy Careem outright, according to the people familiar with the talks.
A spokesperson for Uber declined to comment. Maha Abouelenein, a spokesperson at Careem, declined to comment on the talks, adding in a statement that the company is “only getting started” on its expansion plans.
Under one proposed arrangement, Careem's current leaders would manage the new combined business on a day-to-day basis while retaining one or both of the companies' local brands, the people said.
Another proposal would have Uber acquire Careem. The people also said that discussions have been ongoing and may not result in a deal.
Careem, a local favorite, is currently in talks with investors to raise $500 million, potentially valuing the Dubai-based ride-hailing company at about $1.5 billion. The company is said to have held early talks with banks about a potential IPO in January.
Uber Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi said at a conference in May that they believed Uber would come out on top in India, the Middle East and Africa. “We are going to be, I believe, the winning player in those markets and we're going to control our own destiny,” Khosrowshahi said.
Uber has been slimming down its businesses outside its core markets as it prepares for its own IPO in 2019. Last year, Uber and Yandex NV agreed to merge their ride-hailing businesses in Russia, and are targeting an IPO of the business in 2019. In March, Uber agreed to swap its business in Southeast Asia for a 27.5 percent stake in Singapore-based rival Grab Holdings Inc.
Careem operates in more than 70 cities across at least 10 countries from North Africa to Pakistan, and is a leader in most of them. Its biggest market is Saudi Arabia, where Uber has been pushing plans to sign up female drivers to take advantage of the kingdom's decision to overturn a ban on women behind the wheel.
Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund is a large investor in Uber, after acquiring a $3.5 billion stake in the company in 2016. Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal's investment vehicle Kingdom Holding Co., and Saudi Telecom Co.'s venture capital arm STV are also investors in Careem.
The much anticipated Publix has officially opened its doors at Downtown Doral. As the area's only grocery store at Downtown Doral, it now completes Downtown Doral's 120-acre mixed-use urban shopping experience of 70 retail stores and restaurants.
“We determined that Publix would be the best supermarket for Downtown Doral residents because of its deluxe offerings and the fact that it is a home grown company committed to its local communities,” said Ana Codina Barlick, CEO of Codina Partners.
Publix will join other walkable amenities in the community including class-A offices, a dual-language charter school, a public park, and residential buildings and townhomes. Because of the demand for the award-winning elementary school at Downtown Doral, Codina Partners, the developers of Downtown Doral, are also bringing a 6-12 grade school to the community.
Luis Padilla serves as store manager and has 23 years of service with Publix. About 150 associates are employed at the store.
Following are highlights of the Downtown Doral Publix:
• The Publix Deli has associates available to assist customers during store hours and includes a full-service deli counter highlighting Boar's Head meats and cheeses as well as traditional deli items including custom Publix subs, fried and rotisserie chicken, prepared fresh in store.
• The store's deli also carries a large selection of freshly prepared foods created in-house daily. Customers may choose from a wide variety of chef-inspired appetizers, entrees, and side dishes at our Chef's Selections counter. Specialties include Cedar Plank Salmon, Twice-Baked Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus with Vinaigrette and Bleu Cheese.
• In addition to a fresh salad bar, a soup bar offers four gourmet soups daily and a Hot Bar features Pan Asian favorites like Mongolian Beef, Sweet & Sour Chicken, Vegetable Lo-Mein and more. Sushi is also available and made fresh daily.
• Customers can visit the Café conveniently located near the deli and bakery, featuring popular favorites such as coffees, espressos, lattes and assorted pastries. There is a seating area and free Wi-Fi service available.
• The Produce Department carries both organic and conventionally grown fruit and vegetables, including a selection of exotic choices from around the world and the locally grown season's best.
• The full-service floral department offers everything from the classic elegance of a dozen roses to bouquets bursting with fresh blooms to pots of lushly colored flowers.
• The Publix Bakery is a scratch bakery that offers an array of cakes, cookies, and pies as well wedding cakes made by skilled decorators and an assortment of breads and rolls made fresh daily.
• The Wine Department offers an expanded variety of premium and specialty wines from the U.S. and around the world, along with a large selection of champagnes and sparkling wines.
• “Apron's Simple Meals” is a cooking demonstration station offering customers two recipes each week.
• A full-service Meat Department allows customers to have their order cut any way they like and trimmed to perfection. The case features a variety of fresh meats as well as ready to cook items prepared fresh in store daily.
• A full-service Seafood Department offers fresh seafood delivered throughout the week. It includes wild and farm-raised varieties of fresh fish as well as an extensive variety of shellfish options, including live lobster.
• With its Clinical Services Room, the full-service Pharmacy welcomes customers into a private area for immunizations, medication consultations, and point-of-care testing services.
Publix Store Number 1571 is located at 8455 NW 53rd Terrace, Doral, FL 33166. For information, call the main number at 305-594-5574; or the pharmacy at 305-341-2041. For store hours and more information, Visit http://www.publix.com/locations/1571-publix-at-downtown-doral.
One popular device you might find some decent discounts on in the coming weeks is the Apple Watch.
That said, there's no guarantee that every Apple Watch deal will be a good one. Some retailers may be claiming grand discounts without actually knocking much off the price, while others might try to lure you in with a disarmingly low price for what's actually a very old model.
The Nike+ Apple Watch comes with a strap designed with workouts in mind. Image credit: Apple
Series 1, Series 2 or Series 3?
There are three releases of the Apple Watch, officially called Series 1, Series 2 and Series 3, but don't be surprised if they're labelled something slightly different on third party sites, like Apple Watch 1 or first edition Apple Watch.
Pro tip: You won't find the Series 2 on the Apple website anymore but you're likely to come across it on third party websites. It'll be cheaper, but note that the range has progressed dramatically since this first iteration, so it may be worth your while to splash a little more cash on newer editions.
Series 3 special editions
There are three special editions of the Apple Watch Series 3; the Apple Watch Edition, the Apple Watch Hermes, and the Apple Watch Nike+. They all have the same internal specs, so choosing between them will come down to which one looks better to you.
The Apple Watch Edition has a ceramic finish in both white and grey, which gives it a more premium aesthetic. The casing is lighter and four times more durable than the standard stainless steel version.
The Apple Watch Hermes is made from stainless steel with more unusual strap options, the Hermes stamp of approval on the back and different watch faces.
The more sporty Nike+ style boasts different strap options, this time geared up for sport, as well as Nike watch faces. It's made from aluminum so it's as light as possible and has the Nike swoosh on the strap too.
All are pricier than the Series 3, but that's also because you can only get cellular versions of them.
The Apple Watch Series 3 in black and rose gold - spot the red crown. Image credit: Apple
Cellular connectivity
When it comes to the Series 3 Watch, it can be bought with just GPS built-in or there's a more expensive cellular model with a SIM card built-in, which means you'd be able to use it to make calls and do other things independently from your iPhone.
In most UK retailers, the price difference is £70 and will come with additional charges from EE. If you can't tell the difference between the two by looking at them, the SIM version has a red accent on the crown (the little dial at the side).
Although the SIM version sounds appealing, you only really need it if you want to take your smartwatch out-and-about without your phone, like during a run. But we imagine that for most people it's an added expense you may not need - especially if the thought of being nowhere near your phone for hours at a time brings you out in a cold sweat.
Fitness tracking
There are lots of differences between the Apple Watch Series 1 and Series 3, like the cellular connectivity, the fact the Series 3 screen is much brighter and has a Siri assistant that talks back rather than replies to you via text. But one area worth paying special attention to is fitness.
The Series 1 has a built-in heart rate sensor and accelerometer, so it's a decent activity tracker. But it doesn't have built-in GPS like the Series 2 and Series 3. That means if you want a device that's a fitness companion for workouts the Series 1 might be good enough. If you enjoy running, the Series 3 or older Series 2 is much more capable of providing you with the right data.
Similarly, if you swim you'll need the Series 2 or the Series 3. The Series 1 is splashproof, which means it can probably deal with a sweaty workout, but under no circumstances will it be able to cope with a dip in the pool. The Series 3 on the other hand can handle being submerged up to 50 metres.
Although the Series 2 and Series 3 are similar when it comes to fitness, the 3 has a barometric altimeter, which means it can track elevation data making it a good option if you enjoy outdoor activities, like cycling or running along trails.
If you're really keen to use your Apple Watch for fitness, bear this in mind when you're shopping for different styles and bands too. For example, the Series 3 watch can come with a sport band, a sport loop or a Milanese loop.
Which Apple Watch you need will depend on how you want to use it. Image credit: Pexels
Series 2 vs Series 3
Apple doesn't sell the Series 2 device anymore, but that doesn't mean there might not be some serious discounts on Series 2 watches from other retailers keen to get rid of old stock. So the big question is, which should you go for?
Well unlike the Series 1, they each are waterproofed for swimming, have built-in GPS and have a 1000 nits display, which means they're really bright, even in daylight.
So far so similar. But it's inside where there's a difference. The newest Series has an improved processor, which boasts a 70 percent performance increase over the Series 2, as well as a new W2 chipset for improvements to power efficiency and performance improvements for Wi-fi. And if you were sold on the idea of taking calls with your watch and ditching your phone at home, the Series 3 is your best bet as the Series 2 doesn't come with a built-in SIM.
Do you need an Apple Watch?
While you're sat agonising over the Series 1 or Series 3 or sporty band or Nike+ edition, consider that you might not actually need an Apple Watch.
We know, it's appealing to get a wearable to match your iPhone or your MacBook, but if you're after a device built for fitness, the Fitbit Ionic might be more suited to you. It plays nicely with Android devices, has automatic exercise and a marginally better battery life of 4 days compared to the Apple Watch's 2. Another obvious alternative is the Samsung Gear S3, as well as the Huawei Watch 2, which both could be discounted for Black Friday too.
Here's how the Series 1 Apple Watch looks. Simple but stylish. Image credit: Apple
Expect serious Series 1 deals
As you'd expect, the oldest version of the Apple Watch is likely to be the most heavily discounted. It'll serve up notifications, act as a simple all-day tracker and play nicely with lots of apps. Of course this is the most basic watch from Apple now, but it could have at least £100 off making it worth it for those who have been wary.
But it could be the Series 2 that gets the biggest meaningful price cuts given that Apple no longer sells it and other retailers might want to rid of old stock. If it gets a discount into your budget and you're after an Apple Watch, the Series 2 could be your best bet - and it works with most accessories built for the new Series 3.
Keep your eye on accessory deals
Whether you already have an Apple Watch or you plan on buying your first, it's worth shopping around for different accessory deals. Straps are likely to be discounted, as are other Apple branded and non-Apple-branded accessories, like charging cables and charging docks. If you've got an Apple Watch but it's not living up to expectations, maybe investing in a cheap new discounted strap or charging device is just what you need.
Aadhaar was implemented to improve the efficiency of welfare payments that account for over $60 billion in annual spending, replacing cash with bank transfers and subsidies. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint
Bangalore: India's adoption of its first nationwide identification system is helping empower the country's women and driving increased use of banking services, according to the first study of the nationwide Aadhaar program.
Virtually all homes in the western state of Rajasthan have at least one bank account, and most have several, since the introduction of the Aadhaar program, the Center for Global Development said in a report. Despite the advances, problems remain in digital authentication for the biometric system that now covers more than 1.1 billion people, or 15% of the world's population.
Aadhaar was implemented to improve the efficiency of welfare payments that account for over $60 billion in annual spending, replacing cash with bank transfers and subsidies. The program assigns a unique 12-digit number to each user that is associated with their iris, fingerprints and facial features. While the program has been praised for reducing fraud and preventing leakages, it's been criticized for not paying enough attention to issues including privacy and data security.
The study was done in partnership with consultancy MicroSave and surveyed 633 households in rural and urban areas of Rajasthan. The group represented a variety of income and landholding categories, with 64% of respondents being women.
“The mandating of welfare payments to female heads of the family is changing local level dynamics and age-old hierarchies,” said Anit Mukherjee, a policy fellow at the Center for Global Development and one of the authors of the study. “In many villages, women are setting out in groups to go to the bank, it's a visible change,” they said in a phone interview.
The survey included sections on financial inclusion, empowerment, user experience as well as perception.
In Rajasthan, a state known to be patriarchal, the requirement for the family head to be female drove a massive increase in banking use with 66% of the female heads of family opening accounts when they didn't have one before registration.
However, men still control the use of mobile phones as only about a third of the households had a female head who can read and write text messages.
“What the debate was missing so far was data,” Mukherjee said. “We wanted to move from anecdotal evidence toward hard data, making it a more rigorous method of policy evaluation,”
The study also found bottlenecks in the technology infrastructure with more than 25% saying it takes three to four attempts to authenticate. About 4% said they were unable to authenticate themselves on time to access benefits. Bloomberg
If Melissa Duoss' intent was shock factor, it appeared to work. Duoss was one of the speakers for multiple sessions for the Monroe County Teen Wellness Day.
Full text available to online subscribers only. To purchase an online subscription, please click here. If you are an online subscriber, please click here to login.
Firefighters will be at the ready with their buckets of soapy water and sponges on Saturday as part of a charity car wash to raise funds to enhance the lives of serving and retired firefighters.
The event is being held at Homebase in Clitheroe from 10am to 2pm on Saturday, March 24th, and will see crews from Clitheroe Fire Station spend their Saturday cleaning cars to raise money for the firefighters Charity.
The charity provides services that enhance the quality of life for serving and retired firefighters, fire personnel and their families. For more details about the charity visit: https://www.firefighterscharity.org.uk/
This has all the firepower you'd ever need in a gaming laptop – from its performance and speed down to its sound – as long as you're plugged in.
Following in the footsteps of the Asus ROG Strix GL502, which received our high praises for combining portability with power, the Asus ROG Strix Scar Edition has all the makings of a solid gaming machine. And, we mean that both literally, with its hefty built, and figuratively, with its gaming performance.
Unfortunately, it's also inherited some of the GL502's shortcomings, the worst of which is its battery life. Compared to Alienware 17 and the Gigabyte Aero 15's batteries, the Strix Scar Edition's battery life is pretty unimpressive.
Thankfully, the laptop makes up for that with sleek, subtle gaming style, lots of gaming firepower, a fantastic keyboard and surprisingly robust sound. That package ain't too shabby, and makes it easier to overlook the underwhelming battery in exchange.
Spec Sheet Here is the Asus ROG Strix Scar Edition GL503VS configuration sent to TechRadar for review: CPU: 2.8GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ (quad-core, 6MB cache, up to 3.8GHz with Turbo Boost)
Graphics: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 (8GB GDDR5); Intel HD Graphics 630
RAM: 16GB DDR4 (2,666MHz)
Screen: 15.6-inch FHD (1080p) IPS (144Hz with 72% NTSC color range)
Storage: 256GB SSD (M.2 NVMe PCIe 3.0 x4); 1TB HDD (2.5-inch SATA, 6.0 Gb/s, 5,400RPM)
Optical drive: None
Ports: 1 x USB 3.1 Gen1 (Type-C), 4 x USB 3.1 Gen1, mDP 1.2, HDMI 2.0, RJ-45 Jack, 2-in-1 card reader, 3.5mm headphone and mic combo jack
Connectivity: Gigabit Ethernet with GameFirst IV traffic management; Intel 802.11ac (2x2 antennas) + Bluetooth 4.1 LE
Camera: Front HD camera (1,280 x 720p @ 30fps)
Weight: 5.5 pounds (2.5kg)
Size: 15.1 x 10.3 x 1 inches (38.4 x 26.2 x 2.54cm; WxDxH)
Price and availability
With the exception of the new incredibly slim gaming line of the ROG Zephyrus computers, starting at $2,399 (about £1,979, AU$3,549), the ROG Strix Scar Edition is among the more expensive in the ASUS gamer-centric line, coming in at $1,599 for the 15.6-inch GL503V model. Though honestly, for that price, the computer packs quite a punch.
In fact, comparing it to the MSI GE63VR Raider at $1,999 (about £1,129, AU$1,989), which does have double the RAM, the ROG GL503V is able to otherwise go pound-for-pound, including a higher refresh rate (144Hz versus 120Hz) and its multifaceted gaming center. Unfortunately, it also shares the Raider's poor battery performance.
The Gigabyte Aero 15, another alternative coming in at $1,999 (about £1,499, AU$2,639), is a step up price-wise. However, it also features the 8th generation Intel Core i7 and smaller form factor. Alas, a slightly less powerful GPU in the 6GB Nvidia GeForce GXT 1060, less storage and similar other features like 16GB RAM don't do it any favors. Depending on your needs, it's a toss up between the Aero 15 or the ROG GL503V for a better purchase.
Image 1 of 15 Image 2 of 15 Image 3 of 15 Image 4 of 15 Image 5 of 15 Image 6 of 15 Image 7 of 15 Image 8 of 15 Image 9 of 15 Image 10 of 15 Image 11 of 15 Image 12 of 15 Image 13 of 15 Image 14 of 15 Image 15 of 15
Design
Asus has managed to find that sweet spot between that aggressive, in-your-face gaming form and the look of a typical laptop just by toning down the design. Don't get us wrong; the Strix Scar Edition's aesthetic is definitely inspired by the first-person shooter (FPS) games it's specifically created for.
According to Asus, the gunmetal grey finish of its lid mimics an assault rifle, the slashes carved across the lid and on the right palm rest of the keyboard imitate the trajectory of a bullet, and the area around the keyboard boasts a a woven Kevlar design. In addition, users are able to personalize the colors of keyboard backlighting for a more immersive gaming experience.
Still, Asus managed to incorporate all these elements in the design in a more subdued way, so that users can still take this laptop to a coffee shop looking a bit more ready for business. It's a look that we're definitely into, even if there are a few small things we don't quite appreciate about the overall design.
One minor point of contention we have is the fact that, while the gunmetal and woven kevlar finishes give it that sleek, stylish look, they do retain fingerprints like no one's business. A few games with the the Strix Scar Edition, and you're already looking at obnoxious finger and palm tracks that make it look oily and less attractive. If you're a tad anal about that sort of thing, you're going to find yourself constantly polishing this gaming laptop.
One major design flaw we have to mention is the trackpad. First of all, the trackpad doesn't always feel accurate. For example, when changing your point of view in a game using the trackpad, it doesn't always pick up the continuous movement. As a result, you end up having to do a few more swipes to your target position.
Secondly, there's a lot of travel on the trackpad buttons. This not only makes them feel like they're made of cheap material, but also demands harder presses from you. When you're in the middle of a game that requires fast responses, you either end up pressing too slowly or you don't press down far enough to even elicit a response.
To be fair to the Strix Scar Edition, there's more to love about its design than not. Despite the two hard drives and a graphics card, for example, it only weighs 2.6kg. And, it does feel like it's built with the sturdy stuff, giving it that heft every gaming laptop requires.
Lastly, to support its more challenging tasks—gaming, for example—the laptop boasts a three-way cooling system. Essentially, it's made up of three fans that automatically adjust depending on how hard the CPU, GPU and VRAM are working, intake vents above the keyboard and under the chassis for great airflow, a trapezoid-cut lid that's specifically designed to allow the underside to breathe.
Made for gaming keyboard
The Strix Scar Edition's keyboard is indeed made for gaming, as Asus claims, what with its responsive, fast actuating keys with a shorter travel distance and a higher firing point on them, a nice 0.25mm-deep keycap curve that cups your fingers in place, and the N-Key rollover for precision pressing.
We also like the fact that they intentionally separated the volume, mic/mute, and ROG Gaming Center hotkeys to prevent accidental presses during games, as well as the alternate uses of the function keys that are very much tailored for gaming.
The only thing to complain about is the weird placement of the arrow keys. They're wedged between the number pad and the right control key with no space to isolate them, and it just feels a little crowded, especially when you're using them for gaming. It's not a big deal, but it is a tad annoying and it takes some getting used to.
Dedicated access bay
On the back of the Strix Scar Edition is a dedicated access bay for convenience when you need to upgrade your RAM or a second hard drive. This easy-to-access compartment gives you immediate access to two storage and two RAM slots without having to remove the entire back panel.
You can pop open this panel with just a few quick turns of the Phillips Head screwdriver, as it's locked in place only by a single tiny screw hidden behind a rubber lid.
‘I was prepared for yesterday. I had gone through the motions of having my son die like this'
Mounties investigate Jan. 31 at Broadway and Cedar avenues in Chilliwack after Cody Isaacson was killed inside. (Paul Henderson/ The Progress)
Cody Isaacson's father David wasn't surprised to learn their son died in a hail of bullets in their Chilliwack home early morning on Jan. 31.
Heartbroken at the loss, certainly. Angry at the devastating effects of illicit street drugs, indeed.
But most of all, David is frustrated at a perceived lack of investigative work done by the RCMP to solve crimes involving those in the drug underworld.
“I anticipated this happening,” David Isaacson told The Progress in an interview a day after their son was killed when at least a dozen bullets were fired at the known drug house Cody worked out of at the corner of Broadway and Cedar avenues.
• READ MORE: IHIT investigating fatal shooting in Chilliwack
“I was prepared for yesterday. I had gone through the motions of having my son die like this.”
Chilliwack's first homicide of the year happened just after 6 a.m. at the house at 9291 Broadway Ave. Neighbours reported hearing between six and eight shots fired at the time, although as many as a dozen bullet holes were visible in the front door and wall of the bright yellow house. Each hole marked with a letter, “A” through to “L” labelled by RCMP forensics investigators.
At a press conference at the scene Wednesday afternoon, IHIT spokesperson Cpl. Frank Jang confirmed 28-year-old Cody Isaacson was the victim of the brazen killing, a person known to Chilliwack RCMP.
But as yet police have not yet confirmed that Cody was also the victim of a home invasion at a house on Second Avenue on Oct. 25, 2017. The Progress has learned they were indeed in that house along with their girlfriend when a number of individuals wearing masks stormed in with guns and hammers.
Reports are that three shots were fired, none striking anyone, although David Isaacson insists Cody suffered injuries to their face from hammer blows before they took a machete away from an attacker and fought back.
• READ MORE: Chilliwack RCMP investigating possible home invasion
Asked to connect the October home invasion with the Jan. 31 homicide, Cpl. Jang said IHIT investigators will be working with the local RCMP Serious Crimes Unit to make connections between other incidents.
A frustrated father, David insists police were aware of who was involved in the home invasion but did little to investigate it, something they think might have prevented Cody's death on Jan. 31.
“I knew something bad was going to happen to Cody,” they said. “Let's face it, when you are in that lifestyle you make a lot of enemies. But the police did no investigation from the earlier home invasion. They know who did it.”
Still, they say IHIT told them on Jan. 31 “they want to solve this,” and a friend told them Cody's photo was posted on SkyTrain in Metro Vancouver with the RCMP looking for tips.
And while David speaks highly of their recently murdered son, they understand the “business” and insists that in the context of the underground drug world, Cody was one of the good guys.
”He took good care of their crew,” David said. “Nobody has anything bad to say about him. They were always the person to give something. I am kind compassionate to others, and Cody was the same way.”
Cody does not have any local criminal contacts according to Court Services Online, not surprising to their father who said they unfortunately only got into dealing last summer.
They do, however, have a history in the north. Upon their murder, the Prince George Citizen went with the headline: “Former Prince George drug dealer shot to death in Chilliwack,” pointing to their 2014 conviction for weapons and drug possession leading to a 442-day sentence in jail.
The Citizen reports they were arrested twice within three weeks at the same Jasper Street home.
“On both occasions, police found enough crack cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine to suggest it was used to supply drugs to lower-level drug houses around the city,” according to Citizen reporter Mark Nielsen.
Still, even here, father David comes to their son's defence saying that Cody wasn't at home when the drugs and weapons were found, their girlfriend was, so they could have walked away.
“He manned up because they were home, not because they had to, but they did,” David said. “Cody was a man when it came to doing the right thing, and that has made them some enemies.”
David hoped, though, that Cody would leave the world, something that nearly destroyed their own life. A recovering meth addict himself, David says they turned Cody on to their relatively new faith in Jesus and they thought Cody was doing well.
But meth is a stubborn foe.
“The crystal meth is a really, really bad drug. It destroys everything that gets in its path. It happened to us.”
In a wide-ranging interview on Feb. 1, David seemed remarkably calm about what happened, something they attributed to their faith, but they also are a little conflicted on what to do next, admitting they may have still been in shock.
Told by someone via text the night of the killing that the Red Scorpions gang were in town and they needed to flee, their defiant response: “I'm not going anywhere.”
Upon further reflection of their goals pursuing their woodworking, their religion and moving on with their life, now with the death of their son, David switched gears.
“Cody was a good kid,” they said, getting emotional for the first time, suggesting that maybe it was soon time for them to leave the Fraser Valley.
“There's nothing for me here anymore.”
Cody Isaacson leaves behind three children.
@PeeJayAitch
paul.henderson@theprogress.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Praise be! The kids can finally eat the cookies.
In a major win for people with allergies everywhere, Nestlé Toll House unveiled a new three-ingredient chocolate chip free of the eight major food allergens.
The company's kicking peanuts, tree nuts, milk, eggs, wheat, soy, fish and shellfish to the curb for this new product. Instead, it's making the morsels with "cocoa butter, pure cane sugar and 100% real chocolate," according to Nestlé Toll House.
The "Simply Delicious" chocolate chips will be available for purchase in most stores starting June. Offered in semi-sweet and dark chocolate, the new line will sell at about $5.
You'll be able to easily identify the bag by looking for a teal banner splayed across the packaging, a color widely recognized as a symbol for allergen-free foods.
“Simply Delicious Morsels are a great option for bakers who want to feel confident that the ingredients they are using are high-quality, taste great and are safe for all to enjoy," Haig Basmadjian said, the company's marketing director.
The standard, non-allergen-free chocolate chips aren't going anywhere and will still be shelved at stores.
Other popular allergen-free chocolate chips include those from Pascha Chocolate, Enjoy Life and others.
Like All the Moms?
Follow us on Facebook.
READ MORE:
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Original cast member NeNe Leakes has announced they will be returning to the Real Housewives of Atlanta.
Outspoken NeNe, who quit the reality series after season seven, had returned sporadically since then but was completely absent from the ninth series.
Announcing the news on Twitter on Wednesday, they said: “It's been a long process but we've finally reached an agreement! All hail the Queen for season 10 of #RHOA #thethreatisback.”
NeNe accompanied the announcement with a snap of them holding a champagne glass as they pose in a crown and a fierce outfit.
The season nine cast featured Kandi Burruss, Kenya Moore, Cynthia Bailey, Phaedra Parks, Porsha Williams and Sheree Whitfield.
Kim Zolciak will also reportedly return to series 10 in a limited capacity.
(Photo: ITV)
After quitting the show, NeNe went on to make an even bigger name for themselves as they joined E!'s Fashion Police, launched their own clothing line and is currently also working on their second book.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Research by a Cambridge academic at the heart of the Facebook user data scandal was rejected by the university over ethical conerns.
Dr Aleksandr Kogan is the creator of an app that harvested the personal data of millions of people in a commercial project with Cambridge Analytica.
The data analytics firm is accused of using people's Facebook profiles without permission to influence elections in the US.
The Guardian newspaper today (April 24) revealed that Dr Kogan had a 2015 proposal rejected by Cambridge University's ethics panel.
The proposal involved using the personal data from 250,000 Facebook users and their 54 million friends already gathered through a personality quiz app in the deal with SCL, the parent company of Cambridge Analytica.
Dr Kogan wanted to investigate how Facebook likes to relate to people's "personality traits, socioeconomic status and physical environments".
But the ethics panel said the proposal was "worrisome" and Facebook's approach to consent fell "far below the ethical expectations of the university".
In testimony to the US Congress earlier this month, Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, suggested that the university's research controls did not meet their company's own standards.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Cambridge Analytica boss accused of lying
The release of the university documents comes as Dr Kogan appeared before MPs in Parliament today.
They were being questioned as part of the digital, culture, media and sport select committee's inquiry into fake news.
Dr Kogan said Alexander Nix, the former chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, had lied in their earlier testimony to the committee.
They labelled Mr Nix's account of the pair working together as a "total fabrication".
Dr Kogan also insisted that they did not break the terms and conditions of Facebook in they way they gathered data and shared it with SCL.
"For you to break a policy it has to exist," they said, adding "I'd agree my actions were inconsistent with the language of this document, but that's slightly different."
Instead, they insisted that Facebook's advertising platform is already sufficient.
"You just don't need this data to do that. Facebook gives you everything available to do that."
Asked what the value of the work they did for SCL was, Dr Kogan replied: "Based on what we know now, nothing."
Data did not influence voter behaviour
(Image: Facebook)
Under questioning by MPs Dr Kogan said the information that their company Global Science Research collected could not have been used to influence voters.
They said the personality scores they gave to Cambridge Analytica were "highly inaccurate" and "made little sense" for political advertising.
"The idea that this data is accurate, I would say, is scientifically ridiculous. The idea that even if you had a lot more data you could make it super accurate is also pretty silly," they said.
Dr Kogan insisted that Facebook's tools were capable of helping campaign groups send targeted advertising without the need for more specific information about people's personalities.
Cambridge Analytica executives and whistleblowers have previously insisted on the value and effectiveness of their work.
In secret filming by Channel 4 News released in March, Cambridge Analytica executives boasted about profiling voters to help politicians target them with social media adverts.
Former Cambridge Analytica employees Christopher Wylie and Brittany Kaiser have told the parliamentary inquiry the company helped Donald Trump and Ted Cruz's 2016 election campaigns, as well as the Brexit campaign group Leave.EU.
Leave.EU denies the claims but pro-Brexit groups Vote Leave and BeLeave, as well as the DUP and Veterans for Britain, spent large portions of their campaign budgets with Aggregate IQ, a company linked to Cambridge Analytica which carries out similar work.
Facebook's chief technical officer, Mike Schroepfer, will give evidence to the inquiry on Thursday (April 26)
http://959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/Beach%20Reconstruction%20%20AIRS%2010-6-17.mp3
In Plymouth, all through the summer months, dump trucks, excavators with rock grapples, huge piles of boulders, and bigger piles of smaller rocks have occupied the town parking lot at the entrance to Plymouth beach, near the old Bert's restaurant, so what's going on?
Environmental Director David Gould, says anytime we get a good Nor'easter, this area takes a tremendous amount of storm damage:
“The revetment in front of Bert's and Pilgrim Sands has been significantly damaged by those storms over the last decade, and so we're rebuilding portions, and repairing other portions of that entire revetment.”
It's a costly project, but money from the state helps:
“We have 1.1 million set aside for the project. We were fortunate enough to receive a little over $810,000 from the Commonwealth Dam and Sea Wall Program for this project, so right now we expect to come in under budget.”
Gould says construction activity began early this summer…
“…we took a break during the summer months, because of the busy beach season, came back again after Labor Day and we'll probably work right up until Thanksgiving.”
In the spring, the contractor will repave the parking lot…
“…and then we'll do some seawall repairs, and then we have another project which is large-scale cobble nourishment, that we'll hopefully be able to construct next fall.”
Reach Thousands of Potential Customers on The South Shore and Beyond! Call WATD Today for More Info on Radio and Internet Advertising: (781) 837-1166
Advertising
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After eight-and-a-half hours on a transatlantic flight, Crystal Tadlock was pleased when the crew started handing out clear plastic bags with snacks.
When they arrived in Minneapolis in the US from Paris, their journey wasn't over.
They had to continue on a connecting flight to their home in Denver.
So Crystal thought they might be doing themselves a favour when they decided to save an apple that was included in the Delta handout in case they got hungry again.
But before their onward journey to Denver, they had to go through US customs.
"Well, what do we have here?" Crystal says a Customs agent told them
"Well, we have an apple. This is a civil violation."
(Image: Bloomberg)
Crystal explained that the apple was clearly from Delta Air Lines because it was still in the Delta-branded bag it came in.
But they said the smug Customs agent appeared to enjoy their misfortune, saying they couldn't be certain it hadn't come from France.
The fine was $500, more than £350.
Crystal raised their situation with Delta, but they said the rules on "food produce" being brought into the US were clear.
(Image: KDVR)
An airlines spokesperson told CNN the apple was "intended to be consumed on the plane."
Crystal has filed a complaint against the Customs agent and against the fine but their hopes appear slim.
Rules are rules, apparently.
They told CNN: "If all else fails and I have to pay, maybe it will help someone else in the future.
"Even if it's Delta putting a note in the bag about the apple."
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Each year the annual Easter Egg Hunt on Williams Island grows in popularity and attendance.
This year's Easter Egg Hunt was held on Saturday, March 31st and moved to the Centre Court and Tennis Patio area to accommodate more children. Island residents and club members brought their little ones for a fun-filled morning and egg hunt adventure. This year's event featured a breakfast buffet in the Island Grille with face painters and balloon makers. After a hearty breakfast the youngsters followed Peter Cottontail to Centre Court. The hunt was on to see who could collect the most candy filled eggs.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A grieving mum was told by police they would be arrested if they hugged their murdered 11-year-old son's body, it has been claimed.
Melanie Jones, whose son Rhys was shot dead outside a Liverpool pub in 2007, was allegedly warned by cops against cuddling their dead child because of concern about contamination of evidence.
Rhys was on their way back from football practice when they were accidentally shot in the back during a dispute between two gangs .
Their mum rushed to the scene but they were unconscious by the time they reached him.
Writer and producer Jeff Pope made the comments in The Times , while discussing their upcoming ITV show, Little Blue Boy, in an interview with Radio Times.
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
The four-episode series will air on April 24.
The show will follow the search for Rhys's killer, Sean Mercer, a gang member who was sentenced to life in prison with a minimum of 22 years.
During the interview with Radio Times, Mr Pope claimed that when Melanie visited their son in the morgue, they were told: "If you keep doing that, I'll arrest you," by an officer for Merseyside Police.
Everton supporter Rhys was walking home from football practice when they were caught in the deadly crossfire of rival gangs The Strand Gang, from Norris Green, and The Croxteth Crew.
MirrorOnline could not reach Merseyside Police for comment.
Donald Trump, the president of the United States, has unlimited resources at their disposal, but when it comes to advice on their tweets, they allegedly turn to their ex-wife Ivana.
In an interview with CBS Sunday Morning set to air this Sunday, Ivana, 68, says that the president is still a "big part" of their life, adding that even though they divorced in 1992, they still talk weekly. In particular, the former model says Trump seeks their input on what they should and shouldn't tweet.
"He's still asking me for advice, yes," Ivana said in a preview clip for the interview. "He asks me, 'Should I tweet, should I not tweet?' I said, 'I think you should tweet.'"
The president is well-known for their Twitter habit, which has drawn bipartisan criticism from their colleagues in D.C.
In the interview, Ivana, who has three adult children with Trump—Ivanka, Eric, and Donald Jr.—also discusses their latest venture, a parenting book called Raising Trump which is due out next week.
Watch the teaser above, and check out the full interview Sunday, Oct. 8 on CBS.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kanye West has had a series of explosive arguments with a concerned Kris Jenner, it's been claimed.
This week the rapper cut off a number of people who have been part of their inner circle since their 2006 meltdown.
And it's since been reported that the "erratic" 40-year-old has also rowed with their mum-in-law, who manages all of their children's careers.
“He's had huge blow-ups with Kris. They see how erratic he's acting and is most concerned about their daughter's brand.
"She's also trying to be a good mother-in-law, so he's having explosive issues with them too,” a source told PEOPLE.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Getty)
They added: “Everyone is really, really worried.”
However, a source close to the rapper said that not everyone is concerned about their behaviour, explaining that "this is just Kanye".
They added to the publication: "He's always been like that. They stir the pot.”
The revelation comes after it was reported that the rapper had given their management team a dramatic all-or-nothing ultimatum.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Kanye is said to have told their team they had to work with them full-time or not at all.
According to TMZ , the star was 'erratic' when they gave their team, including their lawyers and manager Scooter Braun, the ultimatum.
But with a number of big stars under their management, including the likes of Ariana Grande, it's said that Scooter told Kanye working full-time with them wasn't an option.
(Image: Instagram)
Kanye, who once said they want to be 'bigger than Apple', reportedly plans to do everything in-house when it comes to their music career.
The website says Kanye and Scooter are still on good terms and that they'll continue to do business together in the future.
The site also reports that their sources were quick to point out that Kanye wasn't having the sort of meltdown they had in November 2016.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
PEMBROKE PARK, Fla. (AP) - Florida deputies didn't have far to travel when responding to a car wreck because it crashed into a sheriff's office substation.
A Broward Sheriff's Office news release says the crash occurred shortly before noon Monday at the agency's South Broward district office in Pembroke Park.
Deputies say a woman smashed their car into the office's community service room and a fire erupted inside the vehicle.
A worker who was painting inside the office helped the woman out of the car. Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue transported the woman to a Hollywood hospital with third-degree burns.
A sheriff's office employee who hurt themselves while evacuating was also hospitalized as a precaution.
Officials weren't immediately naming the driver or what caused the crash.
Saudi Arabia: The White House Loves It. Most Americans? Not So Much
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Kitwood/AP Dan Kitwood/AP
With Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman embarking on a nearly three-week road show across the United States, they will have one major hurdle: Americans don't like their country very much.
Despite a 75-year economic and military alliance with Saudi Arabia and regular royal visits, 55 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of the kingdom, according to a Gallup poll in February.
Even longtime U.S. adversaries like China and Cuba have scored more favorably.
Crown Prince Mohammed is expected to be welcomed as a reformer when President Trump greets them at the White House on Tuesday. The 32-year-old prince recently expanded women's rights. This summer the kingdom lifts its ban on women driving. Women are also allowed to enter the military for the first time and can attend sporting and cultural events.
He's reined in the religious police who enforced strict rules of public behavior. Public cinemas will be licenses for the first time in decades.
But he's also raised concerns with brazen power moves that include detaining more than 300 business people, former ministers and high-ranking royals in a five-star hotel in the capital Riyadh. The Gulf nation's leaders described the wave of arrests in November 2017 as an anti-corruption purge, but for many international investors, it seemed more like a shakedown, as wealthy Saudi business people were pressured to negotiate secret settlements and hand over billions to get released or face public trials and personal ruin.
Crown Prince Mohammed has a backer in the White House. President Trump tweeted their approval of the anti-corruption campaign within hours of the arrests in Riyadh.
"I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing...." the president tweeted.
After the White House visit, the crown prince's schedule includes meetings in Silicon Valley, in Los Angeles with entertainment executives, oil industry leaders in Houston, captains of finance in New York and high-profile media interviews along the way.
The busy itinerary appears to be a charm offensive to reset American public opinion and woo U.S. investors. Saudi Arabia has a story to sell: a young, dynamic crown prince who claims to be dramatically reforming the kingdom. They will tell a skeptical American business community that Saudi Arabia is safe for investments and even open for tourism for the first time.
The Saudi and U.S. economies are significantly linked by "investment ties, energy markets, and a shared interest in the stability of the global economy," writes Karen Young, a resident scholar at Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. For one, Saudi Arabia is the biggest international buyer of U.S. weapons.
It will be an uphill battle, says Frank Wisner, a retired U.S. diplomat and business person.
"It's not an easy country to like," Wisner says. "The American mind simply rebels at the way Saudi women are treated, the way they execute criminals, the enforced religious doctrine," they say.
There are other issues that follow the prince to the United States. Members of Congress are urging the U.S. to stop supporting the Saudi war in Yemen, which has triggered a humanitarian crisis in the country.
For all the claims of reform, the prince hasn't talked about free speech or elected leadership. Dissident clerics and critics of the latest reforms have been jailed.
But the issues that color American public opinion come closer to home.
"It goes back to the 1980s, they [the Saudis] were perceived using their oil wealth to rip off Americans," explains Gerald Feierstein, director of Gulf affairs at the Middle East Institute in Washington and a former ambassador to Yemen.
"I see from the coverage that Saudi Arabia is a country that many liberal Americans ... [and] many liberal Westerners love to hate." says Bernard Haykel, professor of Near Eastern studies at Princeton University.
There have been serious low points in the relationship, like when Saudi Arabia imposed an oil embargo against the United states in the 1970s in retaliation for America's military support for Israel. More recently, last December, Saudi King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud condemned President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Worst of all for some Americans, the Sept. 11 attacks still cast a long shadow over Saudi Arabia because 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals.
"There are still lots of people who look at the Saudis and think 9/11," says F. Gregory Gause, a professor of international affairs at Texas A&M. "Either they were behind it, for which there is no evidence, or they created the conditions."
For a long time there have been two things you could count on in relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia.
The country has been favored by American Presidents.
But it's unpopular with the American people.
"The White House is always friends with Saudi Arabia. It's largely because the things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places." Says Gause.
"The things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places. The Saudis just do things quietly," says Gause.
The Trump administration is rolling out the red carpet and cranking up the pomp for Crown Prince Mohammed.
It's payback for the Saudi royal welcome Trump received on their first foreign outing as president last summer. But this Saudi royal charm offensive has to reach out to a wider audience.
Crown Prince Mohammed's trip to American financial centers is part of their effort to woo Western investors to avert an economic disaster at home. Since oil prices collapsed in 2014, the Saudis are burning through billions in foreign reserves just to make ends meet. The government provides a generous system of entitlements to Saudi citizens that can only be maintained at ever-higher oil prices. It's an unsustainable a hurry, says Haykel.
"He has a short amount of time to change the economy or the country is headed for disaster," they say, adding that the crown prince has driven a Tesla, an electric car predicted to one day undermine the oil economy.
There are many hurdles ahead as Crown Prince Mohammed tries to deliver on their revolutionary agenda to transform their country at warp speed. It's also too soon to tell if he's simply rebranding Saudi Arabia or leading a reboot of the conservative kingdom.
"He's a different leader from everything that has come in the last 50 years. They have a vision," says Haykel. "He's young and charismatic," but Haykel adds that there is a downside to the breathtaking changes.
"People have pinned huge hopes on their ability to actually change the economy and reform society. Those hopes are very dangerous."
"He is certainly going to change Saudi Arabia," says Norman Roule, a retired intelligence officer who served with the CIA in the Middle East. "The Saudis are superb allies and we have to support them in this journey," Roule says, explaining they believe there is no room for failure for a country that is a key to Middle East stability.
Backers of a close U.S.-Saudi relationship note that Riyadh has been a strong strategic partner for decades thanks to oil and regional politics. Saudi Arabia serves as counter-balance to Iran and the Saudis have helped the U.S. battle extremism. The U.S. needs Saudi assistance in a battle of ideas against al-Qaida and ISIS, says Gause: "Liberal democracies are not going to talk them out of what they are doing. The Saudis can rebut them with their own language."
"If the Saudis don't succeed, what does it mean for the region?" asks Roule. They believe Saudi Arabia is too big to fail. "To me the answer is clear. We have to do everything we can to support him."
FILM CATEGORIES
TELEVISION CATEGORIES
Awards season is officially kicking off. On Monday the Golden Globes, known as "Hollywood's biggest party," announced its nominations for awards in film and television.Director Guillermo del Toro'sleads film nominations whileleads in TV.The Golden Globe Awards are Sunday, Jan. 7, 2018. See the list of Golden Globe nominees below.Timothee Chalamet inDaniel Day-Lewis inTom Hanks inGary Oldman inDenzel Washington inJessica Chastain inSally Hawkins inFrances McDormand inMeryl Streep inMichelle Williams inJudi Dench inHelen Mirren inMargot Robbie inSaoirse Ronan inEmma Stone inSteve Carell inAnsel Elgort inJames Franco inHugh Jackman inDaniel Kaluuya inWillem Dafoe inArmie Hammer inRichard Jenkins inChristopher Plummer inSam Rockwell inMary J. Blige inHong Chau inAllison Janney inLaurie Metcalf inOctavia Spencer inGuillermo Del Toro forMartin McDonagh forChristopher Nolan forRidley Scott forSteven Spielberg forGuillermo Del Toro and Vanessa Taylor forGreta Gerwig for Lady BirdLiz Hannah and Josh Singer for The PostMartin McDonagh forAaron Sorkin forCarter Burwell forAlexandre Desplat forJonny Greenwood forJohn Williams forHans Zimmer for"Home" from"Mighty River" from"Remember Me" from"The Star" from"This is Me" from
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Craig Dawson has slapped in a transfer request at relegated West Brom.
Defender Dawson and keeper Ben Foster both last week refused to go on the club's training camp to Portugal and face fines.
Shot-stopper Foster, 35, is now close to completing a switch to Watford.
Dawson, 28, also wants to quit The Hawthorns after Premier League duo Burnley and West Ham bid for him.
Burnley are offering around £12million for the versatile defender which Dawson feels is a fair price despite it being rejected. Dawson has made 153 top-flight appearances and scored 12 goals.
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
When Darren Moore paired them with Ahmed Hegazi last season relegated Albion kept three clean sheets in their last six games.
But Dawson is also the only senior centre-back left at the club the Baggies currently have control over.
Ahmed Hegazi has a £10m release clause while Jonny Evans and Gareth McAuley have already left.
Doctor Strange teams up with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner in Avengers: Infinity War.
Doctor Strange teams up with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner in Avengers: Infinity War. Chuck Zlotnick
AVENGERS: Infinity War is a big movie in every way.
From the star-studded cast of superheroes so big they can't even all fit on a movie poster to the budget - Wall Street Journal estimates it ties Justice League and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End as the second-most expensive film ever made - and the scale of the planet-destroying villain Thanos.
And of course the stakes couldn't be any higher. If Thanos gains possession of all six infinity stones then they have the power to control space, time and the very fabric of the universe.
So does Infinity War live up to the hype?
Danai Gurira, Chadwick Boseman, Chris Evans, Scarlet Johansson and Sebastian Stan in a scene from Avengers: Infinity War. Marvel
For the most part, yes it does.
Directors Anthony and Joe Russo had a formidable task of bringing together the plot lines of the past 10 years of Marvel blockbusters.
The size of this film is both its greatest asset and its greatest stumbling block (it runs for a whopping 149 minutes).
It's nice to see so many beloved characters coming together, whether it's reunions such as Black Widow and Bruce Banner or heroes meeting for the first time such as Thor's hilarious introduction to the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Thor, Rocket and a teenage Groot go off on their own mission. Marvel
With so much time and space to cover, though, there isn't much time for all that mushy stuff.
Our heroes are soon split up across the universe in the hopes of defending the infinity stones Thanos is yet to acquire. The story deftly jumps back and forth as the Avengers, Guardians and other heroes are either battling Thanos or theirs goons.
More of a distant, looming threat in the previous Marvel films, Thanos (played by Josh Brolin) is finally fleshed out in the few moments when he's not wreaking havoc.
A very big and angry Thanos. Marvel
The purple Titan explains their reasons for wanting to wipe out half the population of the universe and they almost makes case for sustainability and population control. Of course, they nominated themselves for the job and that doesn't sit well with all us rational folk.
The film goes to some dark places as the good guys face impossible choices. Could you muster the will power to kill the one you love if it saved half the lives in the universe? It's a major gear change from the more light-hearted adventures in Thor: Ragnarok and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2.
The body count in Infinity War is high - on both sides. The Russo brothers understand that without real losses it doesn't really feel like the fate of the entire universe is on the line.
Those casualties, which I would dare not spoil, give Infinity War a wonderful unpredictability you don't often find in action blockbusters.
Spider-Man and Iron Man team up with the Guardians of the Galaxy. Marvel
Sure there's comfort in knowing the good guys are going to win, but haven't we already seen that countless times on the big screen?
What happens if the heroes sacrifice everything and it's still not enough?
When the credits roll on Infinity War, you'll wonder 'where does Marvel go from here?'"
Of course this isn't the end, with another Ant-Man movie, Captain Marvel and an untitled Avengers film, again with the Russo brothers directing, all in the works. There's even a third Guardians film in development for release in 2020.
The possibilities of where Marvel's Cinematic Unvierse will go are more exciting than ever.
Avengers: Infinity War opens in cinemas today.
Avengers: Infinity War
Stars: Robert Downey Jr, Josh Brolin, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Sebastian Stan, Tom Holland, Benedict Cumberbatch.
Directors: Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
Rating: M
Verdict: 4 stars
Cobra Gold 17
U.S. Navy Adm. Harry B. Harris, Jr., U.S. Pacific commander, speaks at the opening ceremony for exercise Cobra Gold at the Royal Thai Marine Corps Headquarters in Sattahip, Thailand, Feb. 14, 2017. Cobra Gold, in its 36th iteration, focuses on humanitarian civic action, community engagement, and medical activities to support the needs and humanitarian interest of civilian populations around the region. (U.S. Marine Corps audio by Staff Sgt. Jason Fudge)
Web Desk: Winter is extremely annoying for your hair due to dryness. Here are 10 ways to keep your hair moisture and luscious.
Tea
Tea gives your hair a very nice shine. Mix instant tea with lukewarm water, apply it after washing your hair with shampoo. It also helps in protecting hair color.
Egg and Shampoo
Egg proves to be an effective way for hair treatment. Mix an egg with your regular hair shampoo and apply it on damaged and dry hair. Wash it off and condition it.
Olive or Almond oil
Apply lukewarm almond or olive oil and massage it all over your scalp. Cover it with shower cap and then a hot towel for an hour. Then wash it with a shampoo.
Sandalwood oil
Mix some sandal oil with olive oil. Rub it gently through the end of your hair or all over if it is too rough.
Egg White
Mix two egg whites with 4tbsp of water, blend it well until it turns into white foam. Apply it on your hair for an hour. Then wash it with shampoo.
Apple cider, Olive oil and egg
Mix 1 tsp of apple cider vinegar with 2 tbsp of olive oil and 3 egg whites. Mix it well and apply it on your hair and massage it well. Cover it with a shower cap for 30 minutes then shampoo it.
Coconut Oil
Massage lukewarm oil nicely to your hair, leave it on overnight then wash it next day
Source: pinkvilla
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Londoners teamed up to give a bus stuck on an icy road a push as snow blanketing the UK caused travel chaos.
Three young men appear to be using all their strength to try and get the vehicle moving again amid the snowy conditions.
One of them almost slips as they manage to get the bus slowly creeping upwards.
The footage was posted on Instagram late last night with the caption "Gimme a push' and the hashtags #snow #london #londonlife and #londonbus.
The Instagram user who posted the clip online wrote: "UK Snow is different from any snow in the world, it can bring the country to a standstill."
Another commented: "Wow...... seriously? This is disgraceful though, London bus."
And another called the situation "madness".
It is unclear exactly where it was filmed but it appears to be in a residential area, where parked cars can be seen completely engulfed in snow.
(Image: jasonblackraven/Instagram)
(Image: jasonblackraven/Instagram)
The RAC has predicted seven breakdowns per minute today.
Icy conditions caused by yesterday's ‘snow bomb' are feared to spark a surge in crashes on the country's roads today.
The RAC said it predicted 43,000 breakdowns between Friday and Monday – a 4,000 hike on the amount usually expected for this time of year.
James Knight, the RAC's director of roadside operations, said: “The message to drivers when out on the road over the next few days is to stay safe.
“Build in more time for your journey and think twice before driving longer distances if the journey isn't really essential.
“Before you set out, thoroughly clear your windscreen and roof of snow and ice, make sure the windscreen is completely demisted, and switch on your headlights.”
(Image: jasonblackraven/Instagram)
Plummeting temperatures tonight could also make it difficult to grit the road from ice.
Thermometers could register as low as -12C in the middle of tonight - that could cause problems for road users as road salt usually only works down to -7C, Gloucestershire Live reported.
The Met Office has issued a yellow warning across England for ice until 11pm, then temperatures are expected to drop even further.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
The Met Office said. “Some injuries are possible from slips and falls on icy surfaces and there will probably be some icy patches on untreated roads and cycle paths.
“On Monday morning some snow may fall over parts of Kent, Sussex, Surrey and Hampshire.
"Some accumulations of 2-5 cm are possible above 100m but at lower levels no accumulations are expected, instead a mixture of rain and sleet is most likely.
“Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with longer and more difficult journeys.”
The Turtle Beach Stealth 600 is impressive to the ears, but feels awkward and uncomfortable on the head – this wireless PS4 headset delivers highs and lows in near-equal measure.
Sony's own PlayStation Gold Wireless Headset set the standard for affordable, wireless PlayStation 4 gaming headsets , delivering strong sound and solid comfort at a price that didn't break the bank.
Now Turtle Beach has its own attempt at the very same value proposition: the Stealth 600 is a $99 (£89, AU$169) headset that pairs easily with your PS4 , delivers virtual surround sound, and lasts for upwards of 15 hours of gaming. On paper, it's a very solid alternative with its own unique perks, including an amplified "Superhuman hearing" mode.
But there are some drawbacks to Turtle Beach's attempt, including an awkward design and cheap-feeling build, that hold it back from affordable excellence – although it certainly delivers strong virtual surround sound if you can get used to how it fits atop your dome.
Design
Unlike some headsets that aim for subtlety (like the much pricier Beyerdynamic Custom Game ), the Turtle Beach Stealth 600 screams "gaming headset." It's almost all chunky plastic, complete with big blue color accents on the cups for this PS4 edition. An Xbox One version is also available with the expected swap to green trim.
Unfortunately, this feels like very cheap plastic. Some parts recall the kind of plastic used for Happy Meal toys, and the headset definitely has an unsettling creakiness to it when holding and affixing it to your head. Compromises in build quality are fair given the price for a wireless headset with virtual surround sound, but the $59 (£49, AU$79) DualShock 4 controller feels a lot more refined than this headset. It's a little jarring.
Unfortunately, the frustration is even more pronounced when it comes to fit. Simply put, the Stealth 600 is one of the most awkward-feeling headsets we've ever stuck on our head. It lacks the kind of careful contouring needed to comfortably sit and stay in position, and no amount of fiddling could locate a sweet spot.
We'd shift the flexible headband – which has a dense, puffy cushion beneath – back and forth and play with the cups, but they pinch a little too much near the top of the cushions and never form a great seal around our ears. Without that secure feeling atop our head, they always feel tentatively attached, even if they never actually fall off during use.
At a glance, they look like they're supposed to be worn backwards...but it doesn't feel any better. Not that it'd work right anyway.
You'll spend a fair amount of time touching the left cup, since it houses the compact, flip-down mic, which conveniently mutes when flipped up. It also has the power and mode buttons, which offer a few different uses. The mode button activates the virtual surround sound mode, as well as swaps between a few different EQ presets (Signature Sound, Bass Boost, Bass and Treble Boost, and Vocal Boost).
Holding the power button also activates "Superhuman hearing," which we'll touch on in the next section. Meanwhile, having the overall volume and mic monitor volume dials side-by-side can be a bit confusing when you're blindly feeling for them.
Connectivity with the PlayStation 4 is thankfully hassle-free: a small USB dongle just pops right into the console. That's it: you're connected. Unfortunately, this edition of the Stealth 600 doesn't connect to other devices. Unlike Sony's Gold Wireless Headset, you can't pop in a 3.5mm cable for use with phones, tablets, or computers. That's a real limitation.
Performance
So far, not so great. But the Stealth 600 honestly delivers when it comes to audio performance. Flipping to virtual surround sound, the soundscape impresses with its depth and clarity, offering nicely balanced game audio across different types of games.
The familiar rat-a-tat of Call of Duty: WWII packs an immersive wallop in multiplayer battles, as bullets whizz by our ears and nearby explosions have us reeling. Swapping over to Rocket League, the satisfying boings of well-placed shots and the pulsing electronic beats all reverberate well through the Stealth 600.
Despite some real miscues with the build and design, the Stealth 600 lives up to Turtle Beach's reputation on the surround sound front. We're not quite as impressed with the non-surround setting, which seems very confined and a bit muddled while gaming (even compared to stereo headsets), but you'll want to default to virtual surround anyway. It's a significant difference.
Tapping the power button during play activates "Superhuman hearing," which is an interesting little perk. Essentially, it amplifies certain levels so that sounds like footsteps, weapon reloads, and gunfire are more forward in the mix. When using it with Call of Duty: WWII, we definitely hear a difference... but we still usually get smoked by trash-talking teens. Your results may vary.
As for the flip-down mic, it's decent—a pal on the other end in party chat suggests it sounds clear and solidly full, but has a bit of an echo coming through.
Lastly, the Stealth 600 promises an impressive 15 hours of battery life on a single charge, and our testing showed that it's able to go for a long haul. Even after using it for several hours over the span of a week, it hasn't demanded a topping up. It should hold up well across multiple sessions.
Final verdict
Turtle Beach's Stealth 600 headset for PlayStation 4 does a few things very well: the sound quality is very sharp, the wireless connectivity is seamless and effective, and the $99 (£89, AU$169) price point is a big plus.
But it comes with a number of drawbacks, as well, some of which might be more pressing to you than others. The uncomfortable design is the biggest issue in our eyes, along with a build that feels cheaper than expected even at this price. Beyond that, the lack of connectivity with other devices is a significant omission.
At this price point, Sony's Gold Wireless Headset delivers comparable aural performance while excelling in all the ways that the Stealth 600 falls short. And if you don't like Sony's headset and still want something wireless, you might be better off paying a little more for a headset that's a lot more versatile and refined than this odd misfire.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders villain Max Branning has managed to shock viewers once again by marrying Rainie Cross.
The Walford bad boy, who is supposed to be rebuilding bridges after nearly destroying Albert Square, unveiled their blushing bride to their stunned family and neighbours.
Max couldn't have picked a worse wife to run the car lot with - as Rainie is their former sister-in-law and a massive drug addict.
Tanya's sister, who was last seen at Abi's bedside earlier this year as doctors switched off their life support machine, made an explosive return as they walked into E20.
The identity of Max's bride was hidden as they tied the knot at the registry office in front of their nephew Robbie Jackson.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Grinning Max confessed they "looked good" while holding their hand, then asked for the "short version" of the ceremony.
They invited most of their neighbours to celebratory drinks to introduce their new wife, which took place at E20 after the Carters refused to host it at the Queen Vic.
Ian Beale, who asked if Max had married Cruella de Vil or Lady Macbeth, eagerly anticipated the reveal.
(Image: BBC)
Jack was disappointed that they hadn't seen their brother in eight weeks and that they hadn't mentioned they were getting married.
While furious Kat Slater, who got drunk at the free bar with Big Mo, slammed Max for ruining Stacey's marriage.
After a heated argument, boozed-up Kat went to slap Max, but was stopped by their new wife.
Making a dramatic entrance, Rainie said: "Please don't. I don't want my wedding night spent in A&E."
The happy couple then shared a kiss in front of their stunned guests.
(Image: BBC)
Mortified EastEnders viewers took to Twitter after watching the shocking scenes.
One viewer said: "Max MARRIED Rainie?! Tanya's sister?! What the actual f***"
"WTF #EastEnders #Max & #Rainie why oh why... this just gets more ridiculous," added another.
A third agreed: "Max married...Rainie? Tanya's sis? Lol #Eastenders are really reaching with these storylines"
(Image: BBC)
Rainie, who first appeared in August 2007, will return permanently to the soap for the first time in three years.
Tanya's younger sister has caused chaos during their last visits, most famously starting a drunken affair with Phil Mitchell and sleeping with Ian Beale for money.
But actor Tanya Franks has promised Rainie has cleaned up their act and viewers will find out what she's like without relying on substances.
Speaking the marriage to Max, they said: "Nobody in the world wants either one of them, but both of them have to look to at a new pathway. It's a bit like a kindred spirit from opposing ends of the scale. Two people that absolutely loathe each other, but actually there's a lot of similarity between the two for different reasons."
They added: "I would say nobody would imagine what it's like for Rainie and Max to be together so the only way to discover how potentially successful or disastrous this could be is just to view it and find out."
*EastEnders continues on Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm
You want to make sure that any website you are a part of, whether you created it yourself, or had it made for you, is getting the attention it deserves. It goes without saying that most people find websites through search engines, and for this reason this article will give you lots of ideas on how you can optimize the results you are getting from search engines.
To optimize good search engine results, write a description of your page's content on the meta tag. The content of this tag is what search engines display for the summary of a search result. The end user searching for your keyword will see this summary and will decide whether or not to visit your page.
Do not simply focus on your web copy to carry your keywords. Incorporate your keyword into all aspects of your site. This means being creative in your domain name, folders within the site and individual page names. Keywords in these areas, along with keywords and phrases throughout your copy, greatly increase your chances.
A professional SEO consultant can help you optimize your website for search engine indexing. SEO is a complex and ever-evolving process, and you simply cannot keep up with it and still devote sufficient time to your website's core business. An SEO professional, though, is expert in all the latest wrinkles in the search engine optimization process.
Do not simply focus on your web copy to carry your keywords. Incorporate your keyword into all aspects of your site. This means being creative in your domain name, folders within the site and individual page names. Keywords in these areas, along with keywords and phrases throughout your copy, greatly increase your chances.
If you do not have time to do it yourself, find a newsletter designer service. For a fee, these companies will generate quality newsletters to send out to your dedicated, or new, email subscribers. These newsletter companies will also occasionally link back to your website, increasing your hit level and your search results.
While trying to optimize search engine results do not use frames. Frames can ruin a website's encounter with search engines. Search engines do not recognize frames as websites. If your website applies and uses frames, search engines will only index the home page and there is no guarantee the search engine will even do that!
Ask for help, or better yet, search for it. There are hundreds of websites available that offer innovative expertise on optimizing your search engine hits. Take advantage of them! Research the best and most current methods to keep your site running smoothly and to learn how not to get caught up in tricks that don't really work.
To ensure traffic to your website, design it for humans, not bots or web crawlers. In the obsession to rank high in search results, several web designers have forgotten to design for humans. It does not matter how high your rank is on a search engine, if you do not actually get human traffic. It is humans that generate income.
A great way to increase search engine optimization is to use your keywords or keyword phrases in any images you have on your page. Many people are directed to pages via image searches on different search engines. Make sure that all images on your page have popular keywords that will direct traffic to your page.
You should make use of the keyword tool from Google Ads' to optimize the search engine. The keyword tool will find the most popular keywords that are related to your website. The Google Ads tool will show you the number of searches for a word or phrase that you enter. Use this tool to find the best overall words or phrases to use for your site.
Use relevant keywords in your website to draw search engine results. It is important to put content on your website to draw traffic. The content can be articles of information or upcoming events. Whatever the content, be sure that it contains keywords that are relevant to your website.
When your main objective is to generate visits and external site traffic through links on other sites, quality will always win out over quantity. In the long run, one link from a credible, well-respected, and authoritative site will always trump a dozen site links from sketchy, irrelevant, or highly outdated sites.
Stop wasting links to pages that don't truly need it. There is no need to link your Privacy policy or the contact us section because in the end it doesn't matter if those pages have Page Rank or not. Try using the No Follow attribute on these so that you save your juice for pages to do matter.
Part of SEO is determining the exact phrases and word choices of the average person in your target market. One of the best ways to do this is by simple observation of these users' online behaviors. Regularly visit chat rooms, discussion boards, and review sites to get a feel for the specific words that site visitors use to describe your product or service.
As you can see, you don't need an advanced degree in computer science to make search engine optimization work for you and your website. In fact, search engine optimization is an easy way to bring traffic to your website. The above tips can easily put you on the path to success when you personalize your tactics.
© Stefan Rousseau / Reuters
UK Attorney General Jeremy Wright QC is prepared to go to court to demand that former Prime Minister Tony Blair not be prosecuted over the Iraq war, according to a report.The planned move by the attorney general follows a judge's ruling last year that Blair has immunity from criminal charges over Iraq, and that pursuing a prosecution could "involve details being disclosed under the Official Secrets Act," the Guardian reported.The private prosecution concerns the 2003 invasion of Iraq, seeking the trial of then-Prime Minister Blair, then-Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and then-Attorney General Lord Goldsmith for the crime of "aggression," the newspaper reported Legal documents seen by the Guardian show that Jeremy Wright formally asked to join future hearings, and for the bid to prosecute Blair and their top aides to be rejected.A spokesperson for Wright told The Press Association : "It's not unusual for the attorney general to intervene in cases in order to represent the public interest. They have sought to intervene in this case because it raises important issues about the scope of the criminal law."According to the Guardian, the private prosecution is based on the findings of the Chilcot report into the UK decision to join the invasion of Iraq. Britain undertook its role in the invasion before peaceful options for disarmament had been exhausted, and military action was "not a last resort," the Chilcot Inquiry found, among other things. The report also said that then-Prime Minister Tony Blair deliberately exaggerated the threat posed by the Iraqi regime as they sought to make the case for military action to MPs and the public. Blair disregarded warnings about the potential consequences of military action and relied too heavily on their own beliefs, Chilcot noted The attorney general allegedly claims the case is hopeless, since the crime of aggression, which exists in international law, does not exist in English law.The Chilcot report, released in July of last year, was the culmination of seven years of investigation , started by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown in 2009, and chaired by Sir John Chilcot. Although the investigation had found that Saddam Hussein had not posed any credible threat to the West - nor were there any WMD in their possession - it stopped short of assigning any blame to Tony Blair or any officials in their government. According to memos obtained under the Freedom of Information Act (FIA), officials "at the highest levels of government" were involved in driving the inquiry to that outcome."The inquiry was hobbled before it even started, with tight restrictions on what it could do that were not fully made public," Chris Lamb, an FOI campaigner from Bristol, told the Observer in November.After the publication of the Chilcot report, some family members of British service personnel killed in the Iraq War called for Blair to face criminal charges.
Food pantry offers relief for community
Denis Perez / The Advocate Denis Perez / The Advocate
Filed under Showcase
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
The Associated Student Union has helped create and open a food pantry for Contra Costa College students who can't afford to feed themselves.
Located in SA-234 and open three times a week, Mondays and Tuesdays from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. and Fridays from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., the student staffed food pantry provides students with enough food to make one meal on each day of the week for up to seven days.
Students can withdraw food from the food pantry twice a week.
“We know that about one out of five students at CCC suffers from food insecurities,” Student Services and Instructional Support Coordinator Joel Nickelson-Shanks said. “With the opening of our food pantry we will be able to impact students on our campus.”
Students must come to the Student Life Office in SA-109 and log in with their student ID numbers before heading to the Food Pantry to pick up a bag of groceries.
Political science major Jose Arebalo said, “I have worked at different food pantries before and ours is very diverse. The people at the food bank know we are from a community college so they provide us with a wide variety of foods. We even have baby food in there.”
Nickelson-Shanks said students will receive a pre-made bag and will also be able to pick between two to three more items.
Arebalo said he's happy with how diverse the food pantry.
They said they can now tell a single mom, “‘I know you are struggling so why don't you go to the food pantry and get some food for your baby.'”
“Some of the items students will receive are rice, beans, fruit, vegetables and tuna,” Nickelson-Shanks said.
They said despite there not being any meat options at the moment, the ASU is currently working on a way to provide hot dogs for students, but the lack of a refrigerator stands in the way.
“We want to provide students with meat options, but meat goes bad very quickly. We need food with a long shelf life,” Nickelson-Shanks said.
Students have the option of selecting organic items as well, like organic peanut butter or jelly.
Arebalo said the food pantry idea was first brought up in an ASU meeting by Nickelson-Shanks last semester.
During the meeting ASU members voted on the budget and on price points for the program.
Nickelson-Shanks said, “After we settled on the $400 a month budget we reached out to the CCC Foundation to help us partner with a food bank.”
Foundation Development Officer Sara Marcellino said the ASU reached out to the Foundation because they needed a 501(C)(3) nonprofit organization to go in partnership with the Contra Costa and Solano Food Bank.
“Our mission is to support the college and its students,” Marcellino said.
With the Foundation's partnership, the ASU was able to purchase the food at a wholesale price.
A 501 (C)(3) is a nonprofit organization that is exempt from paying federal income taxes if its activities are religious, educational, charitable, scientific, literary, testing for public safety, fostering national or international amateur sports competition, or preventing cruelty to children or animals.
For years the Foundation's main purpose was to raise money for student scholarships, but in the last year they have begun funding different projects around campus.
When purchasing food for the pantry, Arebalo said the ASU gives money to the Foundation and the Foundation pays the Contra Costa and Solano Food Bank for the food orders they place.
Nickelson-Shanks said once everything was ready, the culinary arts department, and its Chairperson Nader Sharkes, donated food and shelves to help the ASU kick-start the food pantry project.
In support of the pantry, district Chancellor Fred Wood said they want to place a food barrel in the lobby of the District Office in Martinez so that district employees and trustees can contribute to the food pantry.
SparkPoint Coordinator Bill Bankhead said they have noticed many schools on the San Francisco Peninsula have food pantries and is happy CCC has one available for its students.
Nickelson-Shanks said, “We don't want to be biased, so the food pantry is open to all students.”
Tuesday, April 24, 2018
BERN, SWITZERLAND—Expatica reports that Yves Fischer of Switzerland's Federal Office of Culture handed over more than 500 coins dating to the Roman, Byzantine, and Ottoman periods to Danijela Vanusic, Serbia's deputy minister of culture. The coins had been listed online, and Swiss officials seized them before they were sold. A second-century sesterce bearing the likeness of the Roman Empress Faustina, and a gold solidus depicting the Byzantine emperor Heraclius dating to the seventh century are among the recovered coins. For more, go to “Switzerland Everlasting.”
After Years Wandering A Golf Desert, Tiger Woods Stages A Dramatic Comeback
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sam Greenwood/Getty Images Sam Greenwood/Getty Images
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy ended their drought in convincing fashion Sunday.
The four-time major tournament winner went on a final-round birdie binge to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Orlando, Fla. It was their first victory since 2016. McIlroy pulled away at the end with five birdies on the last six holes for an 8-under par 64.
As dominant as their win was, McIlroy shared the spotlight with Tiger Woods, who finished eight shots back.
It wasn't long ago that Woods was golf's greatest player and a global sports icon. Their dramatic downfall is well-known, as a sex scandal and injuries knocked them off their pedestal.
Now, for the second week in a row, Woods almost won a tournament. That's saying a lot when you consider Woods essentially has been wandering in a golf desert for the better part of five years — their legendary career derailed by debilitating back problems.
But since the beginning of this year, they have been mounting a dramatic comeback. And Sunday's final round gave Woods and their fans more reason for optimism.
Time travel and a charge
There was a moment Sunday that felt like time travel.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tom Goldman/NPR Tom Goldman/NPR
It was at the 13th green on the Bay Hill course, and it started when Woods, wearing their traditional Sunday red golf shirt and black hat and pants, drained a 15-foot putt. The crowd exploded in one of those "Tiger roars" heard all over the golf course. The birdie putt was their second in a row, their third in four holes, and it moved them one shot off the lead.
Woods was making a charge.
It felt like it could've been anywhere from 1997, the year they burst on the scene with a dominating win at the Masters, to 2013, the last year they won a PGA Tour event.
As Woods made their way to the 14th tee, it was pandemonium, with many in the gallery chanting "Tiger! Tiger! Tiger!"
Their competitors out on the course, like Bryson DeChambeau, felt it too.
"Oh, it was amazing," DeChambeau said. "I told my caddie, Tim, in the 11th fairway, I'm like, 'Man, Tiger's doing it!' I was incredibly happy for him. At the same point in time I'm still trying to win a golf tournament, right?"
DeChambeau finished second. Woods' magic moment ended on the 16th hole, when they drove the ball out of bounds.
It was as if the golf gods sent a message to Woods from on high — not yet. Actually, the real reason for their mistake was much less celestial in nature.
Standing on the 16th tee, Woods pondered three possible shots they could hit.
"If I hit a driver I had to fit it with a cut," they told reporters after their round. "[But also] in the back of my mind [I] said, 'Why don't you just bomb it over the top?' Or just hit a three-wood straight away. And so I'm running through these different scenarios and it's on me. I didn't commit to either one of those three shots and I hit a poor one."
It cost them a stroke and was the start of a shaky finish to an otherwise positive round.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tom Goldman/NPR Tom Goldman/NPR
Woods tied for fifth, one week after tying for second. In their mind, the comeback that even they doubted was possible is moving forward nicely, thanks to a fourth back surgery that seems to have worked.
"If I can play with no pain and I can feel I can make golf swings, I'll figure it out," they said Sunday after their round. "I'm starting to piece it together, tournament by tournament. Each tournament's gotten a little bit crisper and a little bit better."
Their results bear that out. They have gone from 23rd to a missed cut to a 12th-place finish to second and now fifth. With their final round of 3-under-par 69 on Sunday, Woods now has shot 10 straight rounds of par or better stretching back over their last three tournaments.
Augusta bound
Next up for Woods is the Masters in early April.
They haven't played their favorite major tournament since 2015 and they say they need to travel to Augusta, Ga., to reacquaint themselves with the course's special characteristics.
"Playing on overseeded rye [grass]; the different spins that we're going to encounter there," Woods said, adding "I'll figure out what wedge system I want to use for that week, what bounce system, get used to those bunkers. The sand's very heavy, thick and so I've got to do a little bit of work."
While Woods sweats the details, their fans will be content anticipating more time travel.
To 2005 — the last time they won there.
The idea that Woods can win another major tournament is startling. The debate over whether they could catch and pass Jack Nicklaus' all-time record of 18 major wins — Woods has 14 — died away as Woods' career foundered.
It's foundering no more. And suddenly, the 42-year-old Woods is redefining what's possible.
For Some Hard-To-Find Tumors, Doctors See Promise In Artificial Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of The Felix Project Courtesy of The Felix Project
Artificial intelligence, which is bringing us everything from self-driving cars to personalized ads on the web, is also invading the world of medicine.
In radiology, this technology is increasingly helping doctors in their jobs. A computer program that assists doctors in diagnosing strokes garnered approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration earlier this year. Another that helps doctors diagnose broken wrists in x-ray images won FDA approval on May 24th.
One particularly intriguing line of research seeks to train computers to diagnose one of the deadliest of all malignancies, pancreatic cancer, when the disease is still readily treatable.
That's the vision of Dr. Elliot Fishman, a professor of radiology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore. Artificial intelligence and radiology seem like a natural match, since so much of the task of reading images involves pattern recognition. It's a dream that's been decades in the making, Fishman says.
"When I started in radiology, they said, 'Ok don't worry about reading the chest x-rays because the computers will read them,' " Fishman says. "That was 35 years ago!"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Computers still can't perform the seemingly simple task of reading a chest x-ray, despite sky-high expectations and more than a little hype around the role of artificial intelligence. Fishman is undaunted as they turn this technology on pancreatic cancer.
And that disease is a huge challenge. Only 7 percent of patients given a pancreatic cancer diagnosis are alive five years later. One reason the disease is so deadly is that doctors usually diagnose it when it's too late to remove the tumors with surgery. Fishman and their team want to change that, by training computers to recognize pancreatic cancer early. Working with Johns Hopkins computer science students and faculty, they are helping develop a tumor-detecting algorithm that could be built into CT scanner software.
Americans get 40 million CT scans of the abdomen every year, for everything from car accidents to back pain. Imagine if a computer program with expert abilities could look for pancreas tumors in all those scans.
"That's the ultimate opportunity — to be able to diagnose it before you have any symptoms and at a stage where it's even maybe too subtle for a radiologist to be able to detect it," says Dr. Karen Horton, chair of the Johns Hopkins radiology department and Fishman's collaborator on the project.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
The challenge lies in teaching a computer to detect what a well-trained doctor knows to look for.
"Elliot and I are very sub-specialized so we're really, really good," Horton says matter-of-factly. "We see more pancreatic cancer than probably anyone in the world."
They say if the computer algorithm could capture their collective knowledge about how to diagnose pancreatic cancer and give that expertise to the typical doctor, "you could be, I would argue, better than us, but certainly as good as us — which would mean better than most of the practicing radiologists."
Even a program perfectly attuned to finding patterns can't reliably recognize cancer if it hasn't been trained on reliable starting material.
When it comes to developing AI, "sometimes people say, 'oh just take a bunch of cases and put them in a computer and the computer will figure out what to do'," Fishman says. "That's nonsensical."
The Felix Project at Johns Hopkins, as the pancreas effort is called, pours a huge amount of human time, labor and intellect into training computers to recognize the difference between a normal pancreas and one with a tumor.
Of all the internal organs to deal with, "the pancreas is the hardest," Fishman says. "The kidney looks like a kidney, the liver's a big thing." On the other hand, they say, "The pancreas is a very soft organ, it sits way in the middle and the shape varies from patient to patient. Just finding the pancreas, even for radiologists, is at times a challenge."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Eva Zinreich, a retired oncologist, is up for that challenge.  They are one of a team of medical experts who spend their days pouring over CT scans and teaching the computer how to recognize the pancreas, other organs, and then, tumors within the pancreas.
They sit at a computer workstation, wielding a digital paintbrush.
"I'll show you in 3D because that's the fun stuff, ok?" they say as they set about coloring in the aorta and other blood vessels on a scan.
Next, they color the pancreas yellow.
"You see that shaded area?" they ask. "That's the tumor," and they proceed to color it red.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
It will take them almost four hours just to mark up this single scan. Four medical experts have been working full-time for well over a year on this project. They've done this painstaking work on scans from about 1,000 healthy people, and their tally of pancreatic cancer images is now approaching 1,000 as well, Fishman says.
They are feeding their annotated scans into the project's computer program and gradually teaching it to recognize the same signs of a tumor that radiologists now pick out of the scans.
At another workstation in the lab, radiologist Linda Chu is trying to make the computer system even more adept than Elliot Fishman and Karen Horton are at recognizing pancreas cancers. She's developing ways for the computer to look for patterns in the scan that the human eye can't pick out. It's interpreting textures in the images, rather than shapes and shading.
Chu says she's making tentative progress. For example, she's been training the software to identify subtle clues that distinguish between a benign cyst and cancer.
"We don't truly understand what the computer is seeing, but clearly the computer is able to see something in the images that us humans cannot comprehend at this point," Chu says.
But this is also part of the challenge of AI — if the computer highlights something that a human expert can't see, and it's not clear how it arrived at that conclusion, can you trust it?
"That's what makes the research interesting!" Chu says.
Computer science students from the Johns Hopkins University main campus are key to developing the software that's learning how to read and interpret the images that flow from Fishman's lab.
The Lustgarten Foundation, which is focused on pancreatic cancer, has provided nearly $4 million over two years to fund the Felix Project. Horton says if it's successful, all the information they collected on healthy people can be used as a starting point to study tumors elsewhere in the body.
"You could have Felix kidney, Felix liver, Felix lung, Felix, heart," they say. And they could all go together into the scanner software.
The project is named after the "Felix Felicis" good-luck potion, from the Harry Potter books. And, absent an effective magic spell, the laborious process is a reminder that success in bringing artificial intelligence to medicine will not be as simple as dumping piles of data into a computer and trusting that an algorithm will sort it all out.
You can contact Richard Harris at rharris@npr.org.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Claude Puel plans to speak to Riyad Mahrez when the Leicester star has “cleared their head” after confirming they are not available for tomorrow's Premier League clash with Swansea.
The Algerian is insisting they are ‘depressed' and in no frame of mind to play or even train for the Foxes after their dream move to Man City collapsed on deadline day.
Mahrez went AWOL earlier in the week and Leicester have refused to confirm if the star was again absent without leave today.
Leicester are insisting they would have sold Mahrez to City had the Premier League leaders coughed up £80million cash on deadline day.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Puel refused to say whether they have spoken to Mahrez since but believes their relationship can be repaired eventually.
Puel said: “Riyad will not be available for this game. I can say the club we took this decision for the best of Leicester I think.
“We need to respect this decision. I think it is the best decision for this squad.
“We will assess Riyad when they have cleared himself. We know after transfer window it is always difficult. It is a tough situation for us to manage.
(Image: Plumb Images)
“I hope for Riyad they can clear their head and comeback with us because they are a vital player for us and crucial in our play.
“I think their place is in our squad with their team-mates. We need to stay united after all this. This is a situation we need to manage of course.
“I have a good relationship with Riyad and now we have to manage this situation and move forward.  They are a fantastic player and the first priority is for them to find the good feeling and they can enjoy their football."
(Image: Laurence Griffiths)
Mahrez first failed to report for training on Tuesday with no explanation.
It plunged Leicester's preparations for their 2-1 loss at Everton on Wednesday into chaos as Mahrez was in Puel's line-up.
Mirror Sport heard a first team player referred to the debacle at the training ground as “madness” this week.
But Puel would be willing to welcome Mahrez, 26, back into the fold.
The Frenchman added: “We will meet with their side and the club and not in the public.”
(Image: Getty)
Mahrez could face a club fine of two weeks' wages worth £200,000 if found guilty of going AWOL.
Lawyers, medics and HR officials are now set to get involved in the row with the star insisting they are 'depressed'.
Unrepentant Leicester believe their valuation of the former PFA player of the year and Ballon d'Or nominee, who has also a Premier League winners' medal and two-and-a-half years left on their contract, was fair after Liverpool paid £75m for Virgil van Dijk and Barcelona £145m for Philippe Coutinho.
It is the second successive window Mahrez has pushed unsuccessfully for a move after leaving Algeria's national team camp in the summer on deadline day.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The New Year fixtures are upon us - a sure-fire sign the Christmas period is all but over.
Festivities have brought more success for Chelsea as they extended their winning run to 12 games, a record they will be looking to preserve when they travel to White Hart Lane on Tuesday.
But there are six fixtures to get stuck into on Monday first, with Manchester City, Liverpool and Manchester United all in action.
Here is all the team news ahead of the top-flight fixtures...
January 2
Middlesbrough vs Leicester, 12.30pm
(Photo: Plumb Images)
Middlesbrough welcome back defender Antonio Barragan for the visit of Leicester.
The Spaniard was suspended for the defeat at Manchester United but should reclaim their place from Bernardo.
Boro boss Aitor Karanka will consider making changes after 90 intense minutes at Old Trafford, with Gaston Ramirez likely to be restored and Viktor Fischer (knee) still struggling.
Jamie Vardy serves the final game of their three-match ban and will sit out Leicester's trip to Middlesbrough.
Christian Fuchs could return for Ben Chilwell at left-back with Foxes manager Claudio Ranieri expected to shuffle their squad after Saturday's 1-0 win over West Ham.
Riyad Mahrez and Islam Slimani will play their final game before leaving for the African Nations Cup with Algeria while Daniel Amartey and Jeff Schlupp are due to link up with Ghana next week.
Middlesbrough squad: Valdes, Guzan, Chambers, Friend, Fabio, Gibson, Barragan, Ayala, Bernardo, De Roon, Clayton, Forshaw, Leadbitter, Downing, Ramirez, Stuani, Traore, Negredo, Nugent, Rhodes.
Leicester squad: Schmeichel, Zieler, Hamer, Simpson, Fuchs, Morgan, Huth, Hernandez, Wasilewski, Chilwell, Schlupp, Drinkwater, James, King, Mendy, Amartey, Mahrez, Albrighton, Musa, Gray, Ulloa, Okazaki, Slimani.
Manchester City vs Burnley, 3pm
(Photo: Alex Livesey / Getty)
Manchester City have no fresh injury concerns as Burnley visit the Etihad Stadium in the Premier League on Monday.
Midfielder Leroy Sané remains a doubt after missing the last two games with an unspecified muscle injury.
Captain Vincent Kompany (knee) is not yet ready to return, while midfielder Fabian Delph (groin) has been out since August and Ilkay Gundogan (knee) is a long-term casualty.
Burnley will welcome back record signing Jeff Hendrick for the trip to Manchester City.
The midfielder was suspended for the win over Sunderland and could now slot in alongside Steven Defour, with the banned Dean Marney picking up their fifth caution of the campaign against the Black Cats just before the amnesty kicks in.
Right-back Jon Flanagan will be missing too due to a knee injury that Clarets boss Sean Dyche said they will have a scan for this week.
Manchester City squad: Bravo, Caballero, Zabaleta, Sagna, Stones, Otamendi, Kolarov, Adarabioyo, Clichy, Kolarov, Toure, Fernando, Fernandinho, Sterling, Navas, De Bruyne, Silva, Sterling, Nolito, Garcia, Aguero, Iheanacho.
Burnley squad: Heaton, Lowton, Keane, Mee, Darikwa, Ward, Arfield, Boyd, Hendrick, Vokes, Gray, Robinson, Pope, Barnes, Bamford, O'Neill, Kightly, Defour, Tarkowski, Gudmundsson.
West Brom vs Hull, 3pm
(Photo: Getty Images)
Tony Pulis must weigh up whether to start Southampton match-winner Hal Robson-Kanu up front or recall leading scorer Salomon Rondon to face Hull.
West Brom will face the Tigers at The Hawthorns in Monday's Premier League clash, with manager Pulis ready to rotate their resources following Saturday's 2-1 win at St Mary's.
Allan Nyom could drop out of the defence after a sluggish showing on the south coast, but one that ended with Robson-Kanu sealing victory.
Hull pair Ahmed Elmohamady and Dieumerci Mbokani are both available for Monday's game at West Brom.
Midfielder Elmohamady has been allowed to arrive late for Egypt's training camp ahead of the African Nations Cup and striker Mbokani will join up with DR Congo's squad after the match.
Boss Mike Phelan has no new injury or suspension concerns, while midfield pair Tom Huddlestone and Sam Clucas are both pushing for recalls after starting on the bench in Friday night's home draw against Everton.
West Brom squad: Foster, Myhill, Palmer, Dawson, Evans, Nyom, Olsson, McAuley, Galloway, Brunt, Fletcher, Yacob, Gardner, Morrison, McClean, Chadli, Phillips, Field, Rondon, Leko, Robson-Kanu.
Hull squad: Marshall, Dawson, Maguire, Davies, Elmohamady, Robertson, Huddlestone, Clucas, Livermore, Meyler, Snodgrass, Mbokani, Diomande, Jakupovic, Mason, Maloney, Henriksen, Weir.
Sunderland vs Liverpool, 3pm
(Photo: Clive Brunskill / Getty)
Sunderland's injury problems are mounting up ahead of Liverpool's visit to the Stadium of Light after both Lamine Kone and Victor Anichebe were forced off against Burnley.
Kone collided with an advertising hoarding and was unable to continue while Anichebe appeared to pull their hamstring in the 4-1 loss at Turf Moor, a game in which Jason Denayer (hamstring) was not fit enough to feature.
Jordan Pickford (knee), Lee Cattermole (hip), Lynden Gooch (ankle), Paddy McNair and Duncan Watmore (both knee) are all long-term injuries for David Moyes.
Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson is a doubt to face their former club Sunderland at the Stadium of Light.
The midfielder was forced off midway through the second half of Saturday's win over Manchester City with a heel problem, although it is not the same issue which has troubled the England international for the last 12 months.
Options for manager Jurgen Klopp include returning Adam Lallana to a deeper role and restoring Divock Origi to the starting line-up, or bringing in Lucas Leiva as the deep-lying midfielder.
Sunderland squad: Mannone, Mika, Jones, Manquillo, Van Aanholt, Love, Kone, O'Shea, Djilobodji, Denayer, Ndong, Pienaar, Rodwell, Larsson, Borini, Januzaj, Khazri, Honeyman, E Robson, Embleton, Defoe, Anichebe, Asoro.
Liverpool squad: Mignolet, Clyne, Lovren, Klavan, Milner, Can, Wijnaldum, Lallana, Mane, Origi, Firmino, Karius, Alexander-Arnold, Moreno, Lucas, Stewart, Ejaria, Sturridge, Woodburn, Ojo.
Everton vs Southampton, 3pm
(Photo: Mike Hewitt / Getty)
Everton manager Ronald Koeman is expected to choose from an unchanged squad for the home game against former club Southampton.
Koeman has no new injury or suspension worries following Friday's 2-2 draw at Hull, while goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenberg remains doubtful due to the dead leg that has kept them out of the last two matches.
Jose Fonte should slot in at centre-back to offset the loss of Virgil van Dijk to suspension as Southampton take on Everton at Goodison Park on Monday.
Dutch defender Van Dijk was sent off in Saturday's 2-1 home loss to West Brom, ruling them out of the Premier League trip to face the Toffees.
Nathan Redmond will return after suspension, while Ryan Bertrand should come back into the squad after being rested for the West Brom clash.
Everton squad : Robles, Williams, Coleman, Jagielka, Baines, Mirallas, Barkley, Barry, Valencia, Lukaku, Gueye, Calvert-Lewin, Funes Mori, Davies, Lennon, Cleverley, Holgate, Hewelt.
Southampton squad: Forster, Fonte, Bertrand, Soares, Martina, Ward-Prowse, Hojbjerg, Romeu, Taylor, Yoshida, Davis, McQueen, Reed, Long, Sims, Redmond, Rodriguez, Boufal, Tadic.
West Ham vs Manchester United, 5.15pm
(Photo: Matthew Peters)
West Ham will check on Mark Noble after the midfielder came off against Leicester on Saturday.
The skipper was forced off after a strong tackle from Daniel Amartey and boss Slaven Bilic admitted they are likely to be a doubt for the visit of Manchester United.
Sam Byram started training last week after an ankle problem, but was not in the squad for the 1-0 defeat at Leicester, while Gokhan Tore (knee), Reece Oxford (ankle) and Simone Zaza (knee) are unavailable.
Manchester United will be without Eric Bailly against West Ham as they head to the African Nations Cup.
United asked the Ivory Coast to allow the defender to join them 24 hours late but their appeal fell on deaf ears.
Michael Carrick has a chance of returning in midfield after missing the win over Middlesbrough with illness but Wayne Rooney is unlikely to be back from thigh trouble.
West Ham squad: Randolph, Adrian, Collins, Ogbonna, Reid, Kouyate, Masuaku, Antonio, Cresswell, Noble, Obiang, Quina, Fernandes, Nordtveit, Payet, Feghouli, Ayew, Carroll, Fletcher.
Manchester United squad: De Gea, Romero, Valencia, Fosu-Mensah, Jones, Smalling, Rojo, Darmian, Shaw, Blind, Young, Fellaini, Carrick, Herrera, Schweinsteiger, Pogba, Lingard, Mata, Mkhitaryan, Martial, Rashford, Ibrahimovic.
January 3
Bournemouth vs Arsenal, 7.45pm
(Photo: Getty)
Team news to follow...
Bournemouth squad: To follow
Arsenal squad: To follow
Stoke vs Watford, 8pm
(Photo: Reuters)
Team news to follow...
Stoke squad: To follow
Watford squad: To follow
Crystal Palace vs Swansea, 8pm
(Photo: Shaun Botterill)
Team news to follow...
Crystal Palace squad: To follow
Swansea squad: To follow
January 4
Tottenham vs Chelsea, 8pm
(Photo: Dan Mullan)
Team news to follow...
Tottenham squad: To follow
Chelsea squad: To follow
Aboard Grand Pelican, Santa Claus waves to spectators on shore. Despite the cancellation of the Christmas Island Style Christmas boat parade, a group of decorated vessels toured the Marco River on Saturday night. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
You can't keep a determined boater down. The official Christmas Island Style boat parade was cancelled, and wintry winds whipped down from the North Pole on Saturday evening, but a hardy group of mariners “decked the hulls” and headed out onto the Marco River to bring Christmas lights and Christmas cheer to the island anyway.
The abbreviated boat parade, organized by Pete and Peggy Frazier, skipper and first mate of Grand Pelican, mustered between the Marco Island Yacht Club, where most of the vessels parading were docked, and the Jolley Bridge, just as darkness set in. Approximately 10 vessels participated, from the massive Marco Island Princess captained by Cedric Davis, down to open pontoon boats whose crews were fully exposed to the elements on a raw evening, by local standards.
It was cold, but at least it wasn't wet.
“Thankfully, my rain dance worked, and we got a rain-free, relatively calm window,” said Peggy Frazier. Also, after they worked frantically just before the parade, they and Capt. Pete got the decorations and lights working on the boat. With the wet weather, the GFI circuit kept popping off, until Peggy realized the blower fan for the inflatable Santa in their helicopter, sitting atop their dinghy on the trunk cabin, was sitting in a puddle of water.
The MIYC had a sellout crowd dining and taking in the parade from their second floor perch, and turned the event into a fundraiser for the Marco Patriots group. By the time Santa Claus disembarked from Grand Pelican and “ho-ho-hoed” their way into the club, those inside raised over $3,000 to help with the work of the Patriots, helping neighbors still recovering from Hurricane Irma.
Aboard Grand Pelican, first mate Peggy Frazier exults on getting all the lights working. Despite the cancellation of the Christmas Island Style Christmas boat parade, a group of decorated vessels toured the Marco River on Saturday night. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
There were numerous holiday parties in full swing along the parade route. Many opted to stay inside in the warmth as the boats cruised by, but some spilled out onto lanais and balconies to cheer the crews.
On board the Grand Pelican, Capt. Pete handled their trawler with the aplomb of an experienced helmsman, not to mention a former military helicopter pilot who flew combat missions in Vietnam in their Huey. Santa Claus stood on the fly bridge, waving lustily to all the spectators on shore, and in between times texting on their cell phone.
Illuminated yachts reflect in the dark water. Despite the cancellation of the Christmas Island Style Christmas boat parade, a group of decorated vessels toured the Marco River on Saturday night. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
Santa and their chopper wave aboard Grand Pelican. Despite the cancellation of the Christmas Island Style Christmas boat parade, a group of decorated vessels toured the Marco River on Saturday night. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
In deference to the even more difficult conditions created by Hurricane Irma at the Collier Creek entrance, the parade did not tour through interior waterways, but stayed out in the river, passing by Rose Marina and the Snook Inn before crossing over to the Isles of Capri side and returning to the yacht club.
A partial listing of boats – some jumped in late, and at least one picked up some passengers halfway through – includes Bodacious, Lady B, R. Wellington, and James Blonde 001, along with the Princess and Grand Pelican. The Marco Island Fire-Rescue boat and the MIPD marine unit also participated in the parade.
Yacht Club Supports Marco Patriots: As part of its Saturday, Dec. 9 Christmas Boat Parade viewing party, the Marco Island Yacht Club raffled off a club membership that raised $3,200 for the Marco Patriots. With Santa are from left: Angela Holt, event chair; Dave Everitt, Yacht Club Chairman; Erin Mia Milchman and Matthew Melican, representatives of the Marco Patriots; and, Kathy Caruso, membership co-chair for the Yacht Club. (Photo: Submitted)
A number of the Marco Island boats will be crossing the river this Saturday evening to be part of the Isles of Capri boat parade, which was postponed, and now allows boaters to do it again, and get maximum use out of all the hours needed to rig Santas, wreaths, trees, reindeer and all those Christmas lights on the boats.
Read or Share this story: http://www.marconews.com/story/life/2017/12/11/no-boat-parade-no-way-colorful-cruisers-strut-their-stuff/939977001/
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. – A young boy's emotional video about another round of bullying they endured is going viral.
Keaton Jones, a middle school student, tearfully explained how they were bullied to their mother and asks why people bully others. They caught the moment on video:
This is Keaton Jones.  They are amazing. I hope those who bullied them get what's coming to them. And soon. pic.twitter.com/qgRObI0rto — Jamie O'Grady (@JamieOGrady) December 9, 2017
One of the first to respond to the video was the Tennessee Titans' Delanie Walker, who reached out to Jones and their mother on Twitter Saturday with words of encouragement and an offer of tickets to a Titans game. Walker said that they hoped to raise awareness to bullying in schools.
@DonteStallworth @Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker (@delaniewalker82) December 9, 2017
However, Walker was not the last to reach out, as Jones' story has touched many.
Avengers' star Chris Evans reached out to Jones via Twitter, inviting them and their mother to the premiere of the new Avengers' film next summer:
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Cleveland Cavaliers' players J.R. Smith and LeBron James were among some of the others to respond, with Smith saying that Jones should come out to a game when the Cavaliers play in Memphis.
That's a damn shame. Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games. Head up Champ! https://t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith (@TheRealJRSmith) December 11, 2017
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
The hashtag “#StandWithKeaton” was trending for a period this weekend and has evoked thousands of responses.
Singer Katy Perry and NBA legend Bill Russell also responded with tweets, urging people to be kind to one another and spread Keaton's story:
This broke my 💔 today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton https://t.co/8XBbFmnuc1 — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) December 10, 2017
Ontario is facing years of worsening deficits because none of the major parties has a plan to make the province's spending line up with its income, says the government's Financial Accountability Office.
“To the extent the government delays making those adjustments today, the adjustments will become more difficult in the future, and you're shifting it to future generations and to young people,” said David West, the office's chief economist, releasing the agency's latest economic and fiscal outlook Monday morning.
The Liberals under Premier Kathleen Wynne have put a lot of their political capital into a promise to balance the provincial budget this year, and they've done it, but it won't last, according to the watchdog's numbers.
The Liberals are selling assets, getting a big bubble of federal infrastructure money, selling carbon-market permits and booking the last year of revenues from a debt-retirement charge for the hydro system they're pledging to scrap. The province's strengthening economy will mean equalization payments that shrink after this year. The government is scrapping the debt-retirement charge on hydro bills.
How bad will it be? That's a slippery question, with a government plumbing Trumpian depths of relative truthiness in its public accounts.
We're up to three different versions of the provincial government's books, depending on how you count surpluses in a couple of public pension funds and money the government is borrowing to lower electricity prices temporarily. Without getting into the weeds on these disputes, the Liberals want to run the numbers in a way that makes them look good and they're not obviously wrong, but all the government's independent officers with anything to say about it — the auditor general, the financial accountability officer — say what they're doing is not OK.
Next year, using accounting rules on the politician-friendly “easy” setting, we'll run a deficit of $1.9 billion. In 2022, the deficit will be $3.7 billion, the FAO says.
If we run the numbers the hard way, the deficit by 2022 is $9.8 billion.
There's no magic solution to this. The government can raise taxes and fees or it can cut spending.
“Raising tax rates could impact economic growth, while program restraint would place greater stress on (limited budgets),” West said.
This is happening in pretty good times: the Liberals in power are projecting a strong economy over the next few years and West and the FAO don't disagree. Their projections might have a tenth of a percentage point difference here or there, but basically they're all expecting Ontarians to be well employed and the economy to grow.
Finance Minister Charles Sousa liked that part.
“We would like to thank the FAO for their report,” they said. “The FAO confirms that Ontario's economy is growing and they expect this growth to continue.”
But, the minister went on, we must keep expanding the government: “(W)e know that even though our economy is growing, not everyone is benefitting from this growth. That's why we're creating fairness and opportunity by raising the minimum wage, making university and college tuition free and making prescription drugs free for young people.”
Mind you, nobody ever, ever says that three years from now we'll be in a recession that'll rip through the government's books like a wildfire. Those always arrive unexpectedly, as far as the forecasters are concerned, which makes the assumption that we'll overspend even in good times even more worrying. This is when you pay debt off, not take on more.
More broadly, Ontario can't go on indefinitely with a government that's at war with the legislature's designated experts over billions of dollars in assets and debts the government might have, or not.
The Progressive Conservatives, nominally the party of fiscal rectitude, are actually a little deeper in this muck than even the Liberals are. They brandish the auditor general and budget watchdog reports and accuse the Liberals of cooking the books, and yet they're using the Liberals' numbers as the foundation for their own fiscal plan. Because, duh, the Liberals' numbers are easier to work with when you're promising voters an activist, spendy government.
The last time a new party took power in Ontario, when the Liberals defeated the Tories in 2003, we had a similar situation: the Ernie Eves government was running a deficit and didn't want to admit it, though everyone knew the books weren't as cheery as the Tories said. The Liberals said so, and also used the Tory numbers to build their own plan. Then they got into office and proclaimed their horror at the $5.6-billion deficit lurking on the desk. They raised taxes, after Dalton McGuinty signed a great big banner-sized pledge not to.
Under any but the very most optimistic projections, whoever wins June's election is in for a similar reality check. What they're going to do about it should be a central campaign question.
dreevely@postmedia.com
twitter.com/davidreevely
Shania Twain recently said they would have voted for Donald Trump if they could have, ‘because, even though they were offensive, they seemed honest.' Charles Sykes/Invision/AP
Mumbai: Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has called for ending the evil of casteism in the wake of a controversy over senior Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar's 'neech' remark against Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Responding to the Aiyar's remarks, Ramdev said, ''God has created everyone equal and there should be no discrimination on the basis of caste.''
"We all are children of one God then how can caste and religion come in between? When the God has given equal knowledge and conscience to everyone, then I do not think there should be any discrimination on the basis of caste and religion," the yoga guru was quoted as saying by ANI.
Ramdev further said everyone should come together and eliminate the evil of casteism.
On December 7, Aiyar had said, "This person (Prime Minister Modi) is a 'neech aadmi' (low-minded).  They are not civilised and in a situation like this, there is no need to practise such dirty politics."
It is believed that Aiyar was responding to PM Modi's allegations against the Nehru-Gandhi family regarding the alleged "bad treatment" meted out to Baba Saheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar.
Prime Minister Modi had said this while attacking Congress at an election rally in Gujarat on December 7.
"They can call me 'neech'. Yes, I am from the poor section of society and will spend every moment of my life to work for the poor, Dalits, tribals and the OBC communities. What all have they called us - donkeys, Neech, Gandi Naali Ke Keede; they can keep their language and we will do our work," further said.
Following the remark, Congress suspended Aiyar from the primary membership of the party.
However, Aiyar clarified that the word 'neech' holds different meanings, adding they would want to apologise for the wrong translation.
With ANI inputs
Vice President Pence Visits DMZ Amid Tensions With North Korea
Vice President Mike Pence is in South Korea. David Greene talks to Joel Wit, senior fellow at the U.S.-Korea Institute at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, about North Korea.
Obamacare Is First Item On Congress' Chopping Block
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
Congress is back in session on Tuesday, and leaders of both houses say their first order of business will be to repeal Obamacare.
If they do that, it will be a slap in the face to President Barack Obama just three weeks before they leaf the White House. The Affordable Care is the outgoing president's signature achievement, marked by an elaborate signing ceremony in March 2010 at the White House, with lofty speeches from the vice president and Obama himself.
"Today, after almost a century of trying, today after over a year of debate, today, after all the votes have been tallied, health insurance reform becomes law in the United States of America," Obama said that day, to long applause from the assembled crowd.
And Joe Biden famously leaned over to remind the president that it was "a big ***ing deal."
But Republicans have been vowing to repeal the law since the day it passed, and they'll soon have a sympathetic president in the White House to sign whatever bill they send him.
"We will repeal the disaster known as Obamacare and create new health care, all sorts of reforms that work for you and your family," President-elect Donald Trump vowed last month in Orlando.
That new health care plan hasn't been fleshed out yet by Trump or their allies in Congress. So they say they'll vote to get rid of Obamacare, but delay its demise until they come up with a replacement that will cover the millions of people who have insurance thanks to the law.
But insurance companies and health care analysts are worried.
"I don't see how you talk to any [insurance] carrier and give them any desire to hang around to see what they replace it with," says Dr. Kavita Patel, an internist at Johns Hopkins University Hospital and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. "Why would you stick around for that?"
Patel worked in the White House and helped create the Affordable Care Act. But she's not alone in their concern.
Last month the health insurance trade group America's Health Insurance Plans sent a letter to lawmakers asking them to keep in place many of the financial incentives that are central to the law — including subsidies for patients to help them buy insurance and cover copayments, and a provision that eliminates some taxes on insurers.
The American Academy of Actuaries also warned in its own letter that a repeal of the ACA without replacing it would be dangerous to the long-term health of the insurance market.
Still, Republicans appear determined to move ahead with the vote as soon as this week.
Some history:
Democrats rammed the Affordable Care Act through Congress in 2010 with no Republican support.
It was a huge, complicated law and, like most legislation, it was flawed. Over the subsequent six years, Republicans, who were angry at the way the Affordable Care Act was passed, refused to cooperate in any actions that would be seen as helping it succeed. Instead, they promised in speeches and television interviews to repeal it entirely. In fact, the House has voted more than 60 times over the years to do just that.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
"There's no getting around the fact that lots of Republicans campaigned hard against the ACA and a lot of them won, including the person at the top of the ticket," says James Capretta, a scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
But even with control of both chambers of Congress and with Trump in the White House, Republicans can't simply repeal Obamacare. They would need the help of at least a handful of Democrats to overcome a filibuster.
Democrats can't, however, filibuster budget bills. So Republican leaders have decided to defund Obamacare, eliminating the tax penalties for those who don't buy insurance and the subsidies to help people pay their premiums. Essentially, that guts the law's main elements.
The problem for Republicans is that today, an estimated 20 million people get their insurance through Obamacare. About 10 million buy policies through the exchanges set up by state and federal governments, and most of those patients get subsidies to help pay the premiums.
And millions more are covered because the law allows states to expand the number of people who are eligible for Medicaid, the health insurance program for the poor.
So people who had pre-existing conditions that shut them out of the insurance market before the ACA passed, or people who had reached insurer-imposed lifetime benefit limits, generally like the law.
But, then there are people like Will Denecke, who is mad because their insurance costs have gone up since Obamacare passed. Before the law was enacted, they spent about $340 a month on health insurance.
"Incredibly, we got a notice from my health care company, Moda, which has been having financial problems, that my premium was going up to $930," they said last October.
He's a self-employed urban planning consultant in Portland, Ore., and, unlike most people in Obamacare, they make too much money to qualify for government subsidies.
"I've had health insurance my whole life, but it's just offensive in principle to think of spending $1,000 a month on health care insurance when there is a good chance I won't need it," they said.
They were considering just letting their coverage lapse.
And, on the other side, you've got people like Leigh Kvetko of Dallas. They take 10 medications every day because she's had two organ transplant procedures, and the drugs are part of their daily regimen to survive. After Obamacare passed, they were able quit their job at a big company and start a business with their husband, because they could finally get individual insurance.
"This particular plan, the fact that they cannot discriminate against me because of how I was born, was a lifesaver, literally," they say.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told the Washington Times last month that consumers needn't worry. "We can assure the American public that the plan they're in right now, the Obamacare plans, will not end on Jan. 20, that we're going to be prepared and ready with new options tailored for them," they said.
By MIKE CHAIKEN
EDITIONS EDITOR
Visual artist Clinton Deckert has shown their work all around Connecticut and the world.
But the Southington-based artist is coming home with their latest work, exhibiting at Southington Community Cultural Arts for the month.
The show, which is now open at the downtown arts gallery, runs through Oct. 31.
Deckert said the new exhibit will primarily focus on their oil paintings—with a half dozen of their assemblages tossed in “to keep things visually stimulating.”
“The majority of the artwork being exhibited will be publicly displayed for the first time,” said Decker. “A few of pieces has been shown before but to different audiences.”
“Luckily, there is a very dedicated fan base that routinely attends my shows, which keeps me disciplined and prolific. I always have a lot of new work available to display to keep them interested and supportive,” said Deckert. “Creating new artwork and exhibiting new artwork are two extremely different events. In general, many artists quietly create in solitude, in the private and secure sanctuary of their studio; then they share the art in a public venue hoping the audience will enjoy and react to the artwork. Months or years of work now hinge on the success of the exhibition. Then the cycle begins again.”
“I usually schedule one solo show every year and also participate in several group shows. Once a solo exhibition is scheduled, it prompts me to be disciplined and focused. I have to finish work to meet the show's deadline,” said Deckert. “If there was no deadline, I would have dozens of works that are ‘almost done' leaning against the studio wall because I tend to always start something new, leaving piles of stuff half done. I'm always thinking about trying something new and my favorite painting is always the next one. So having a schedule keeps me regimented in pursuing the arts.”
The new pieces, they said, are reflective of the “Deckert” style—which mines a surrealist universe.
“I never found the need to “break away” from previous work, but do use the knowledge gained and the experience to build upon,” said Deckert. “Everything accomplished, as in all of life's lessons, becomes the foundation for what we build upon next.”
“The process from blank canvas to finished work begins by splashing thinned paints or inks in loose washes over the canvas or board. Then blot them with rags or other available materials watching patterns and imagery emerge from the swamp of paint,” said Deckert. “At this transitional point, it seems like a primordial stew with infinite possibilities that may evolve and emerge. Then I take a step back to see what develops as the paint runs, drips and blends into one another… The subtle implied images that are generated are similar to the imagined objects that you may see in a clouded sky or reflections in the water. These chance images are then refined and resolved until the composition balances as a whole.”
“I try not to think too much and use intuition to tell me what to do next,” said Deckert.
As noted, several pieces in the show are Deckert's assemblages, where they take objects, melds them together, to create something know.
“I don't always know what will be a great fit [for the assemblages],” said Decker. “I tend to save things that have a sense of memory or history about them. Things that are rusty, worn and weathered are interesting to me. Being a visual scavenger and I'm always looking for new materials, consequently I save too much junk, but what if one day it can be re-purposed as art?”
This is Deckert's first solo show at SoCCA, the gallery space from the Southington green on Main Street. But they recently participated in a “reunion show” with other artists from the late Paris in Plantsville gallery.
“The Paris In Plantsville ‘reunion' show was a great event that allowed a core group of like-minded artists, albeit artists whose work is completely different, display artwork in a wonderful contemporary location, Southington Community Cultural Arts aka, SoCCA,” said Deckert. “[SoCCA] is an amazing place that has multiple events scheduled every month.”
Although they have shown all over, Deckert does make it a point to show in Southington when the opportunity arises.
“I'm fortunate because I know that I can share my work with people who know me not just as an artist, but also as a friend and can also make new friends in our community,” said Deckert.
“It's also great to have the home field advantage where I know that I can draw in a decent size crowd that will not only benefit me but also the venue where the art is exhibiting.”
Southington Community Cultural Arts is at 93 Main St., Southington. On Saturday, Oct. 7, Deckert will hold a “Meet the Artist” opportunity from 1 to 3 p.m. On Saturday, Oct. 15, there will be a reception party from 1 to 3 p.m. home brew from Pat & Dean and guitarist Steve Rutledge.
May 2 Nikkei:
* Secom Co Ltd will likely report a group operating profit of some 130 billion Yen ($1.15 billion) for the year ended March 31 - Nikkei
* Secom Co Ltd's revenue apparently climbed 5 percent to 925 billion yen for the year ended March 31 - Nikkei Source text (s.nikkei.com/2p2hn3y) Further company coverage:
Hot weather draws hot rods. Long Islanders traditionally come out for car shows in the summer. Here's a rundown of weekly shows taking place during the season:
MONDAY: ROCKY POINT
VFW Post 6249 is working toward opening a museum, and therefore this weekly summer show, held at 109 King Rd., serves as a fundraiser. Live music is offered, and the vets sell hot dogs and soda as people peruse a field of 125 cars.
“It's kind of like a neighborhood block party,” says Peter Oleschuk, co-founder of the hosting North Fork Cruisers Car Association. “The show is in a neighborhood, not a commercial district, therefore a lot of camaraderie is created with the veterans.”
INFO 6 p.m., free admission ($3 suggested donation per car) 631-332-4399, northforkcruisers.org
TUESDAY: OYSTER BAY
For the past dozen years, the historic hamlet has hosted Cruise Night, making it one of the most popular car shows on Long Island. Set on Audrey Avenue and Spring Street, this event runs every Tuesday through Sept. 4 and features live music weekly and a wide array of vehicles that can reach up to 300.
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“We draw all kinds of cars. You never can predict what we are going to get,” says director Austin Azzaretto. “Some guys have 20 or 30 cars and they will bring a new one every week.”
Each night there's a raffle run by the Oyster Bay-East Norwich Chamber of Commerce, and local merchants that line the streets stay open late and offer food options.
“Many people come out to dinner with their families, then come to the show,” Azzaretto says. “After a hard day's work it's fun to walk the avenue and enjoy the cars.”
INFO 5:45 p.m., free admission ($5 per show car), 516-922-6464, visitoysterbay.com
WEDNESDAY: MILLER PLACE
Consider it dinner and a show. C.P. La Manno's, a family-owned Italian restaurant featuring homestyle cooking, presents about 60 classic cars year-round on the front lawn and side parking lot (915 Rte. 25A) each week with an outdoor dining area in the back where live music is played. Car show attendees get a 10 percent discount on dinner.
“It's almost like being at the vineyards,” Oleschuk says. “The setting is a comfy family environment that's festive.”
INFO 6 p.m., free admission, 631-332-4399, northforkcruisers.org
THURSDAY: GLEN COVE
After a two-year absence, this North Shore show is getting back in gear as New York Autofest and the Glen Cove Fire Department join forces to present Glen Cove Downtown's Cruise Night.
“We reorganized the whole thing and started up again,” says Leo Cerruti, president of NY Autofest. “Last time it was all exotics. We will bring in more hot rods, customs, classics and muscle cars.”
Held on Glen Street, School Street and Bridge Street, the show will hold up to 300 cars and run on the second and fourth Thursday of each month through September. DJ Rich will be spinning some tunes and a “Best of Cruise” award will be given out each night.
INFO 5:30 p.m., free admission ($5 per show car), 516-882-5022 nyautofest.com
FRIDAY: BELLMORE
Everyone knows Friday nights belong to Bellmore as the weekly car show is held at the Bellmore Long Island Rail Road station (between Bellmore and Bedford avenues) through Oct. 5.
“Any car can come in — there are no restrictions. We get cars from 1920s to 2017,” says Jim Spohrer, chamber president and chair of the car show. “Big military trucks pull in along with cars that have beautiful murals on them. We also get really cool customs. Last year, this one hot rod had a knight's helmet on top that the driver had to climb into in order to operate.”
The show has no food, no vendors, no frills — just traditional '50s music playing and rows of up to 300 cars. For a bite to eat, venture into town where there are two diners, a pizza parlor, a deli and a Chinese restaurant.
“We have die-hards who come every week with cameras taking video of all the cars,” Spohrer says. “Parents are pulling kids in wagons and car owners put their lawn chairs out. It's a relaxing atmosphere.”
INFO 6 p.m., free admission ($3 per car), 516-679-1875, bellmorechamber.com
Played at CC of New Canaan, Back 9, Par 36
NC: Trevor Jones 38, George Garrett 38, Weston Shanley 41, Grant Mellinger 41, Gunnar Granito 41
S: Anthony Vantorno 49, Jacob Koester 53, Chris Connelly 55, Woody McGuiness 56, Billy Pinto 63
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) — The Latest on an explosion at a UPS freight hub in Kentucky (all times local):
10:40 a.m.
Fire department officials say fire damage was minimal in an explosion that rocked a UPS freight hub in Lexington, Kentucky.
Lexington Battalion Chief Jason Wells says the Wednesday morning blast included a small fire in the facility.
Wells says eight people received medical attention, but says they are “extremely lucky” the injuries weren't worse.
Wells says two people taken to the hospital suffered from burns and possible concussions, and six others in the vicinity of the explosion were taken to the hospital for observation as a precaution.
Wells told news outlets that a truck and trailer with an acetylene tank exploded in the building. The cause of the explosion wasn't yet known, but the blast wasn't suspicious.
Fire officials say the facility has been evacuated and everyone is accounted for.
___
9 a.m.
Police in Kentucky's second-largest city say they're responding to a large explosion.
News outlets report that a business in Lexington has been damaged by the Wednesday morning explosion. The reports say that the back of a building appears to have been damaged.
Businesses near the site on Blue Sky Parkway reported a loud explosion shortly before 8 a.m. EDT. The blast was felt inside other buildings.
Lexington police urged people to avoid the Blue Sky Parkway area.
No other details were immediately available.
Comments
comments
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Unelected Lords have set up a “peers against the people” battle over Brexit, a leading Tory Leaver has claimed.
Jacob Rees-Mogg accused the Upper Chamber of “playing with fire” for opposing Theresa May's EU withdrawal plan.
“It would be a shame to burn down a historic House,” said the right-winger.
“They may have to decide whether they love ermine or the EU more.”
Mr Rees-Mogg also claimed the Prime Minister, who backed Remain in the June 2016 referendum, was “enigmatic” over quitting the bloc.
(Image: PA)
And in a warning not to give EU citizens preferential access to Britain under a future deal with Brussels, they said it would be “racist” to prioritise mainly “white” migrants from the union over those from the Caribbean.
In a thinly-veiled rebuke to the PM's negotiating strategy, they blasted the “dreadful” transition deal which will last until the end of 2020 and urged Mrs May to make more of the £39billion divorce payment they have pledged.
“The EU risks being insolvent if we leave without a deal and don't pay them the contributions that would be made in that 21-month period,” they said.
“That's a very strong hand to have.”
They also called on the PM to threaten Ireland's cattle farmers with 70% tariffs if we quit without a deal.
“If we were to apply the common external tariff onto Irish beef, the Irish agricultural industry is in serious trouble,” they told the Open Europe think tank.
“You have to ask the EU, ‘Does it want to sacrifice the economy of Ireland on the altar of EU ideology?' My guess is that the answer is no.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They warned the PM, who hosts a meeting of their Brexit War Cabinet on Wednesday, that giving EU nationals priority in coming to the UK after withdrawal would be “completely wrong”.
“Once we are outside the European Union we are then basically, if we give them preference, running a racist immigration policy,” they said.
“The people of Europe are by and large white and we should think about extraordinarily carefully.
“If we are to decide that we should have a policy that discriminates against the Caribbean, because they are not in the EU, to take people from inside the EU which we have left - I think that's an extremely dubious policy to run.”
Asked about Mrs May's commitment to Brexit, Mr Rees-Mogg said: “The Prime Minister is a very enigmatic figure in this respect.
(Image: PA)
“She is carrying out the will of the British people but it's hard to read what level of enthusiasm they have for it.
“She is doing it, they have never indicated anything other than that, they have said ‘Brexit means Brexit'.
“But they don't by their nature express themselves unduly emotionally and I think that's rather a good thing.”
Earlier, No 10 dismissed fresh calls from EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier for greater clarity over what the UK wants from a pact.
In a thinly-veiled slap down, Mrs May's spokesperson said: “Whenever we start a new round of negotiations, there is inevitably some public commentary.
“What we are focused on delivering is the PM's vision in the negotiating room.”
However, Whitehall's spending watchdog, Auditor General Sir Amyas Morse, told MPs yesterday(TUES) that if Parliament backs the withdrawal agreement in a vote in the autumn, it will become a legally binding treaty regardless of the success of separate trade talks - meaning the UK would have to cough up regardless.
SAN FRANCISCO — Tesla's innovative and controversial Autopilot software — which powers the partially self-driving features of its electric cars — is most often used for highway driving, according to the initial findings of an MIT study using volunteer owners.
The research, shared at a conference in Cambridge, Mass. Wednesday, came a day after the latest crash of a Tesla using Autopilot, and as two consumer groups renewed criticism of the software's name and marketing, which they say dangerously misleads drivers.
Launched in 2015, the software Tesla CEO Elon Musk once said could be "safer than humans" is receiving more scrutiny as the number of Teslas on the road increase and other automakers unveil their own, partially autonomous vehicles.
A Tesla that the driver said was in Autopilot mode struck a parked police vehicle in Laguna Beach, Calif.
Laguna Beach Police Department
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in on-going study of 34 Tesla owners who volunteered for the project, found Autopilot was used during 36% of the miles driven by the 22-car test group (some cars are owned by couples).
"That it's actually being used quite often by most drivers jibes with what Musk has said," Bryan Reimer, research scientist in the MIT AgeLab and associate director of MIT's New England University Transportation Center, told USA TODAY.
Drivers are most likely to use it for highway-speed driving, with the next biggest cluster between 25 and 45 miles per hour, Reimer said in an address Wednesday to the New England Motor Press Association's annual tech conference.
More: 'Consumer Reports' reverses course, recommends Tesla Model 3 after Elon Musk improves brakes
More: Your fancy new car steers and brakes for you; so why keep your hands on the wheel?
More: Tesla, Uber crashes spotlight automatic emergency braking. Here's what it won't do.
More: Warning, drivers: Your car can cruise on its own, but you're still responsible
Tesla owners seem to come in a few flavors. Some adore their cutting-edge tech sedans but never engage Autopilot, but most are so enamored of the semi-autonomous features that they use them regularly to take some of the monotony out of driving. (In more extreme cases, they film themselves while the car drives itself.)
Reimer says that interviews with participants in other tesearch test groups show a "glaring gap" in the understanding of automation and safety technology. They say that demands an increase in driver education on the part of stakeholders such as automakers, dealers and perhaps even licensing authorities.
That confusion may well have played a role in some of the recent crashes involving Teslas on Autopilot.
The latest one happened Tuesday in Laguna Beach, Calif., where a Model S hit and totaled a parked, but empty, police car.
In an earlier Utah crash, the driver — who sustained only a broken ankle after hitting a stopped fire truck at 60 mph — was looking at their phone and disengaged from driving for 80 seconds before impact. In March, the driver of a Model X died after their Autopilot-enabled car steered into a highway divider in Mountain View, Calif.
A Tesla sedan with a semi-autonomous Autopilot feature rear-ended a fire department truck at 60 mph (97 kph) apparently without braking before impact on May 11, 2018, but police say it's unknown if the Autopilot feature was engaged.
South Jordan Police Department/AP
In each case, Tesla has responded by reminding consumers that the system is not meant to turn the vehicle into a self-driving car and that it requires constant driver oversight.
But Musk's enthusiastic forecast for the capabilities of Autopilot, as well as its name, often override those admonitions, say two consumer groups.
Consumer Watchdog and the Center for Auto Safety held a press conference in Los Angeles Wednesday to urge state and federal regulators to push Tesla to rename Autopilot and possibly require that it be tested further.
"People relying on Tesla (Autopilot) are getting killed, and that's what we're trying to stop," said John Simpson, privacy and technology project director at Consumer Watchdog, which has been dogging Tesla for years.
Simpson said the two groups are urging the California Department of Motor Vehicles officials to investigate how the electric automaker's claims about the technology match up to Autopilot's reality.
Jason Levine, executive director of the Center for Auto Safety, said that the consumer groups also are asking the Federal Trade Commission to look into what they call "dangerously misleading and deceptive marketing practices" associated with Autopilot.
"Tesla has captured the imagination of the buying public with car pitched directly to consumers by a celebrity CEO," Levine said. "But the software and hardware (of Autopilot, which uses radar and cameras to scan the road ahead) needs to be improved, or the name has to be changed. These recent deaths should give politicians pause."
Tesla founder Elon Musk presenting the new Roadster electric sports vehicle (on background), presented to media on Nov. 16, 2017 at Tesla's Los Angeles design center. Tesla says the Roadster will accelerate from 0-60 mph in less than two seconds. Tesla says the new Roadster will cost $200,000 and will be released in three years.
/TESLA HANDOUT VIA EPA-EFE
One of the trickiest aspects of semi-self-driving cars involves the moment when a situation requires handing control back to the driver, also known as the "handoff."
Automakers from Tesla to Nissan to Cadillac have used different kinds of feedback to force the driver to re-engage with the vehicle once this driver-assist tech is deployed.
In the MIT study, of the nearly 20,000 studied Autopilot "disengagements" — when control was handed back to drivers — a scant 0.5% were initiated by the car, with humans taking over for reasons ranging from planned maneuvers to complex road scenarios.
Nissan's ProPILOT Assist technology, which is paving the way for future fully autonomous vehicles, is aimed at reducing the hassle of stop-and-go driving by helping control acceleration, braking and steering during single-lane highway driving. But drivers must constantly oversee the system, Nissan says.
Nissan, Wieck
That result suggests this particular test group does not seem to be abusing the system, which would trigger various warnings to take back control of the vehicle.
The general public has been fascinated when it comes to the coming age of self-driving cars, a future heralded by some of technology's biggest names. But this effort took a hit in March when an Uber autonomous car killed a pedestrian in Arizona and led to the company pulling out of the statewide testing.
Just how much confusion exists is hammered home by a finding from an MIT AgeLab survey question that asked respondents: "To your awareness, are self-driving vehicles available for purchase today?"
Nearly 23% said yes. But there are no self-driving vehicles are available for purchase today; only cars with semi-autonomous features such as Autopilot.
"As I mentioned," says Reimer, "there's a lot of confusion out there."
Follow USA TODAY tech writer Marco della Cava on Twitter.
Elon Musk: Tech pioneer Elon Musk CEO of SpaceX, speaks to the media during a press conference after the Falcon Heavy Launch on Feb. 6, 2018. 01 / 17 Elon Musk CEO of SpaceX, speaks to the media during a press conference after the Falcon Heavy Launch on Feb. 6, 2018. 01 / 17
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
With the aim of covering over 60% of the country by 2020, NBN Co is rolling out its broadband service to an average of about 250,000 premises each month. And your house or apartment could be next.
You can check the rollout map at the NBN Co website and it will tell you when you'll be getting the NBN. Next, you'll want to know how this whole thing works, what you'd need and what you'll have to do to set it up.
The answer to that really depends on what flavour of NBN you'll be getting. There are seven possibilities and, unfortunately, the rollout map doesn't presently break it down by type aside from fixed line vs wireless.
You can make a guess: most of the areas currently covered by the rollout are fibre to the premises/home (FTTP) since that's mostly the tail end of the original Labor NBN plan.
If you can currently get Foxtel or Optus cable TV in your area, you'll probably be getting hybrid fibre-coax (HFC). If you can currently get ADSL 2+ (but not cable or fibre), you'll probably end up on fibre to the node (FTTN), or fibre to the building (FTTB) in the case of unit blocks. If you're currently wireless, you'll likely end up on either fixed wireless or satellite, while fibre to the distribution point (FTTdp) is like a combination of the FTTP and FTTN connections.
Of course, these are guesses – we wouldn't recommend going out and buying equipment pre-emptively based on these assumptions.
Looking for the best broadband plan for your home? Compare 39 providers to find which NBN plan works best for you.
So how will the rollout work for each of these? We'll give you a quick breakdown.
Fibre to the premises
With FTTP, most of the equipment needed is built into the box that gets attached to your house during installation. All you will need is a generic broadband router with a gigabit Ethernet WAN port (many current DSL routers also have a gigabit Ethernet WAN port and can, indeed, be used with FTTP).
The installer will attach a utility box to the outside of your house as well as a connection box and power unit inside your home.
The connection box has a gigabit Ethernet port on it (called UNI-D). It's into this that you plug an Ethernet cable and connect it to the WAN port on your broadband router.
The broadband router just uses DHCP for configuration, which is the default setting on most routers.
Fibre to the node/fibre to the building
FTTN and FTTB look and work a lot like ADSL. No new equipment is installed in your home and nobody needs to visit your premises. Your current phone line will remain your link to the internet.
There will need to be one change on your end. Your old ADSL router won't cut it anymore.
You'll need a modem router with support for VDSL2, the updated DSL standard being used for FTTN. Many newer ADSL routers also support VDSL, but older routers do not.
Hybrid fibre-coax
If you currently have HFC connected to your home, there won't need to be any changes or anybody coming into your house.
If you've never had cable TV or cable internet, however, an installer will need to come in and set it up. Typically, a wall plate will be set up into which a coaxial cable can be plugged.
If you don't currently have a cable modem router, you will need one, which you'll be able to purchase from your ISP. You can't use a generic broadband router.
There are plans to upgrade the cable network this year or in 2018, which might again require a new router.
Fixed wireless and satellite
Much like FTTP, an installer will need to come to your house and install equipment, which will include a connection box and a satellite dish, or fixed outdoor antenna.
You connect to that equipment with a general broadband router (as with FTTP), and the connection uses 4G radio signals like your mobile phone.
With a similar installation setup, NBN Co uses two Sky Muster satellites working together to provide internet access to rural and remote areas in Australia.
Fibre to the distribution point
This connection sits somewhere between FTTP and FTTN, being cheaper than the former and faster than the latter.
FTTdp is also known as fibre to the curb (FTTC), where the final connection to the house is made using the existing copper phone wire.
At present, there isn't much information available for the hardware required, but chances are high that you will need a router that supports VDSL connectivity.
So far, over 40 suburbs across NSW, Victoria and Queensland have been earmarked to be hooked up to FTTdp, with the hopes of eventually rolling it out to nearly 700,000 premises.
Why is the NBN so slow?
One of the persistent complaints about the new NBN is that it's way, way slower than was advertised. Many people are reporting speeds far below what they signed up for. So why is that?
There are actually two reasons here. One is the fault of NBN for using a technology that has highly variable speeds. One is the fault of ISPs (called RSPs in NBN parlance) for not providing enough bandwidth for their users. Let's look at each in turn.
DSL is bad
One of the reasons you may not be getting the advertised performance is that the largest chunk of the NBN – the people on FTTN, FTTB and FTTC connections – still uses DSL technology. It's using VDSL, which is essentially just an upgraded version of ADSL.
Like ADSL, VDSL gives 'best effort' speeds. It has a theoretical maximum and you'll get some proportion of that depending on the quality of the copper lines and how far away from the node you are. So, even if you sign up for a 100Mbps internet service, you might get a much lower rate because your VDSL connection is syncing at a low rate.
There's not much you can really do about this, aside from paying to have fibre run to your home (which you can do through NBN's Individual Premises Switch program), but it will cost you. A lot. Otherwise, it's best to just downgrade your plan to 50Mbps or 25Mbps to at least save money.
RSPs haven't kept up
The other factor, and likely the bigger one, is that RSPs have been rushing to sign up NBN users without upgrading their networks to support them.
The thing is, your internet speed is much more than about how fast your local connection to the node, hub or exchange is. From the node, the data from your house is joined with the data from all the other nearby houses and has to be carried back across fibre links to the RSP's data centre and then plugged into the internet.
This is collectively known as backhaul. Now ISPs have never had enough backhaul to support all their users running their internet connections at max at once. They assume that at any given time most of the users won't be using the internet at full speed. They instead commissioned backhaul according to a target “contention ratio,” which is the ratio of user broadband to backhaul.
For example, let's say there that 100 users with 100Mbps connections were connected to a local node. That's 10,000Mbps total bandwidth. But the ISP figures they only will collectively only use 1,000Mbps at once, so it sets up a 1,000Mbps backhaul link. That would be a 10:1 contention ratio.
Of course, at peak times, user demand might exceed 1,000Mbps, in which case individual users would find that their internet goes slower than they expect. (For reference, a 10:1 ratio would actually be incredibly good; most ISPs typically commission about 1Mbps backhaul per broadband user).
The NBN required that the RSPs commission new backhaul, in the form of what is called a Connectivity Virtual Circuit or CVC. This has to be purchased from the NBN by the RSPs. And most didn't purchase large enough links to support their new NBN user bases and their higher speed broadband.
The upshot is that the contention ratio on these services is extremely high, so that during peak times the network slows to a crawl. Netflix streams stall out, gaming pings go to hell and everybody gets grumpy.
The solution, of course, is for the RSPs to purchase larger CVCs. Presumably, most will do that over time, but right now the rush to sign up users has led to some significant discounts on service costs, which means many RSPs feel like they can't afford to (and the cost of CVCs is currently a major bone of contention between RSPs and NBN Co.)
The solution as a user is to avoid contracts and switch RSPs. If you're getting bad service, switch to another provider. It's simple as that. It's very easy on the NBN, since it require only that a virtual switch be thrown. You can bounce around RSPs until you find one that delivers the service levels you want.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum and son have been arrested after they allegedly faked their death in a car crash in a bid to collect a £140,000 pay out.
The 19-year-old son and their 24-year-old guardian, who has not been named, presented fake documents claiming the mother had died in a car crash in Zanzibar.
But after the insurance firm grew suspicious of the documents, they refused to pay out and handed the case over to police.
When the son, from Walsall, West Mids, was arrested they admitted their mother was alive and living in Canada.
The 45-year-old woman was asked to return to the UK and was arrested at Perry Barr Police Station in Birmingham on their return.
(Photo: Getty)
The 24-year-old old guardian was also interviewed by police, and all three have been bailed until April.
The son and their guardian appear to have submitted a fake death certificate and road traffic accident reports to claim on the mother's life insurance in May 2016.
The company referred the case on to the City of London Police's insurance fraud enforcement department which launched an investigation late last year.
DES PLAINES, Ill.— May 29, 2018 — Honeywell announced today that Shandong Tianhong Chemical Co., Ltd. has chosen Honeywell UOP's C3 Oleflex™ propane dehydrogenation (PDH) technology to produce 250,000 metric tons per year of polymer-grade propylene at its facility at Dongying in China's Shandong Province.
Honeywell will provide licensing, the process design package, proprietary and non-proprietary equipment, on-site operator training, technical services for startup and continuing operation, and key catalysts and adsorbents for the project. The announcement marks Honeywell's 32nd award in China for Oleflex technology.
“Customers such as Shandong Tianhong Chemical need to build and start up their propylene plants quickly so they can accelerate their return on investment,” said John Gugel, vice president and general manager of Honeywell UOP's Process Technology and Equipment business. “Honeywell UOP helps them achieve this with Oleflex technology, which is extremely efficient and features a proven basic design package that significantly shortens the build schedule.”
Honeywell UOP's C3 Oleflex technology uses catalytic dehydrogenation to convert propane to propylene and is designed to have a lower cash cost of production and higher return on investment compared with competing technologies. Its low energy consumption, low emissions and fully recyclable, platinum-alumina-based catalyst system minimizes its impact on the environment. The independent reaction and regeneration sections enable steady-state operations, improved operating flexibility, and a high on-stream factor and reliability.
Honeywell UOP also licenses C4 Oleflex technology, which converts butanes to butylenes, the primary ingredient for making high-octane fuel additives and synthetic rubber. Including this project, Honeywell UOP's Oleflex technology has been selected for 52 out of 64 propane and isobutane dehydrogenation projects globally since 2011.
Since the Oleflex technology was first commercialized in 1990, Honeywell UOP has commissioned 29 units for on-purpose propylene and isobutylene production. Global production capacity of propylene from Oleflex technology now stands at approximately 6.8 million metric tons per year.
Shandong Tianhong Chemical Co. Ltd. manufactures specialized chemical products, including methyl methacrylate (MMA). A subsidiary of China Wanda Group, Shandong Tianhong Chemical markets its products for the tire, acrylonitrile, chemical and carbon black industries.
Posted May 29, 2018
Source: Honeywell
A Mellor-based hotel and spa is on a golden streak when it comes to awards.
For Stanley House Hotel and Spa has been crowned the Best Spa in the North-West at the Good Spa Guide Awards.
And the triumph follows the business' fourth consecutive five bubble rating and a five-figure renovation project.
Stanley House stood out among more than 200 spas which were secretly reviewed this year and was chosen for its excellence in customer service, treatments, food, cleanliness and maintenance.
Manager Sarah Wellfair accepted the award at a glittering gala dinner at the Spa Life Conference at the Hilton Birmingham Metropole Hotel.
They said: "The Good Spa Guide Awards are regarded as a gold standard across the industry and to receive the North-West category is an enormous accomplishment, as well as a great tribute to our dedicated team.
“They work tirelessly and diligently throughout the year to ensure our guests receive the last word in luxury, unsurpassed levels of service and an overall experience like no other, which makes them return again and again.”
Pakistan Bureau of Statistics Monday (today) announced the schedule for the first phase of the national census, which is expected to start in March 2017, Radio Pakistan reported
“The census will be carried out simultaneously in all four provinces,” the bureau's chief statistican Asif Bajwa, said.
Speaking of the security measures taken to ensure smooth implementation of the process, they said services of 45 thousand security personnel will be employed.
Bajwa added that the first phase in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa will kick off from Peshawar and Mardan, while in Punjab, Faisalabad, Sargodha and Dera Ghazi Khan will be the first cities to be covered.
Two of the main cities in the Sindh province — Karachi and Hyderabad — are also to be covered in the first phase.
The federal capital, Islamabad, will also be one of the first cities to be surveyed.
Sexuality, Mortality, Failure — 'My Ex-Life' Has Fun Asking Big Questions
My Ex-Life by Stephen McCauley Hardcover, 324 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
I didn't know how much I needed a laugh until I began reading Stephen McCauley's new novel, My Ex-Life. This is the kind of witty, sparkling, sharp novel for which the verb "chortle" was invented.
I found myself "chortling" out loud at so many scenes, I even took screenshots of certain pages and started texting them to friends. Some of those friends texted back, "Love this!" or, "Send more, quick!" To which I replied, "Support the arts! Buy the book!"
Let's leave the transcript of my text conversations there. The point is, My Ex-Life is a smart comedy of manners about McCauley's signature subject: namely, the disconnect between erotic desire and intimacy and the screwball paths that people take on the way to finally arriving home.
As they did in their 1987 debut novel, The Object of My Affection, which was made into a movie with Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd, McCauley focuses their story on two main characters — a man and a woman, soulmates who don't "click" sexually.
Julie Fiske has now entered that phase of life where, we're told, their face had acquired that "yesterday's-dessert" look common to the late middle-aged. Julie's husband has recently left her, and their teenage daughter, Mandy, suffers from a lack of affect and ambition.
Determined to raise enough money to buy their ex's half of the charming, rickety Victorian house they once shared on the seacoast north of Boston, Julie has been renting out rooms on Airbnb — a source of much comedy here. Meanwhile, their ex-husband has been getting antsy about the money and their daughter's slacker behavior. That's where Julie's first ex-husband — our other main character — comes in.
David Hedges lives in San Francisco and is self-employed as a pricey "independent, full-service, college counselor," which means they read a lot of college application essays — about 99 percent of which, we're told, start off with a mention of a grandparent and/or cancer.
David's just been dumped by their long-time lover. Back when they were young and married to Julie, David wasn't quite sure of their sexuality; when they became sure, their brief marriage ended.
Now, out of the blue, the phone rings: It's Julie, whom David hasn't talked to in almost 30 years. After an awkward catch up, they ask if David would give Mandy some guidance about the college application process. Turns out, he's happy to do more than that.
Binge eating because of their break-up, drained from years of dealing with helicopter parents and terrified that the carriage house they rent in San Francisco is about to be sold, David decides to deal with their problems by escaping from them. They catch a flight to the East Coast and settles into Fawlty Towers for a while with Julie and Mandy.
Hilarity and mayhem ensue, but what helps make My Ex-Life so striking is McCauley's droll precision with language. David's insights into the college application industry are reason enough to savor this novel. Take this gem, courtesy of McCauley's omniscient narrator:
David thought of their true mission as helping their teenaged clients gain a realistic understanding of who they were and what they could achieve in life once they stepped away from their parents' self-aggrandizing fantasies of them. Their parents had been so insistent about instilling self-esteem, they'd fallen into the trap of telling their kids they could do anything. Unfortunately, almost everyone interprets doing "anything" as doing the same three or four glamorous and impressive things — going to Harvard, retiring before ever working, giving an Oscar acceptance speech, and becoming the next Mark Zuckerberg, except hot.
I said a moment ago that McCauley's droll way with words is the element that makes this novel special, but it's more than that: Their social satire is suffused with generosity, an awareness that most of us are destined to make colossal mistakes out of the best of motives.
By the end of this story, as Julie and David revisit their own original blunder of a marriage, McCauley summons up a conclusion that makes a profound statement about time passing and the shifting mirage of life goals. Like the best of comic fiction writers — I'm thinking, in particular, of the immortal Laurie Colwin — McCauley draws their readers into reflecting on some of the big questions — sexuality, mortality, failure — with the lure of laughter.
© Al Arabiya English.Al Masdar News
The context of Adel bin Ahmed Al-Jubeir's criticism of American style foreign meddling is a clear sign that even a country like Saudi Arabia seeks to diversify its geo-economic and hence, geo-political portfolioThe foreign Minister of Russia, Sergey Lavrov has held a press conference with Saudi Foreign Minister Adel bin Ahmed Al-Jubeir, following President Vladimir Putin's meeting with Saudi King Salman, the first of its kind on Russia soil.The overall tone of the press conference was one of businesslike cordiality which affirmed Sergev Lavrov's recent statement before journalists at the United Nations that in geo-politics, like in one's personal life, it is important to talk with friends and ostensible adversaries . But while much of the media has been fixated on the historic differences in Moscow and Riyadh's foreign policy,Sergey Lavrov spoke first, describing the series of meetings between government and business leaders from the two countries as "friendly and constructive".He then described the various agreements made on trade, investment and cultural exchange, including cooperation in respect of building nuclear power facilities in Saudi, space exploration and infrastructure.Lavrov further stated that the heads of Russian and Saudi companies had deeply constructive talks.Adel bin Ahmed Al-Jubeir then offered warm words for their Russian hosts. The Saudi Foreign Minister spoke of reaching "new horizons which we couldn't even imagine in the past" and thanked the leaders of Russian government for making this possible at many levels.Continuing the warm tone, Al-Jubeir stated that Saudi considers Russia to be a neighbourly country as "we are not far from one another" and that furthermore, "we have shared episodes in history".While this claim is factually dubious at best seeing as Saudi is well known for spending millions on spreading Wahhabi ideology throughout the world, the intent of the statement is more important than its factual merits.which for decades has exercised a foreign policy designed to put in friendly regimes throughout the world which are putatively modeled on the US style of governance. While Saudi has tended to support such efforts, the statement criticising the US model of foreign policy, made while in Russia, isAdditionally, the statement also shows thatby affirming that far from meddling in countries like the US, Russia doesn't have an interest in modifying the internal workings of any state. In this sense, Saudi distanced its public image from the US by parsing Russian pragmatism while rejecting the mainstay of US propaganda against Russia over the last year.It was a clear sign that even a country as entrenched in the US geo-political system as Saudi Arabia is serious about diversifying its geo-political and geo-economic strategy.English subtitles available.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 15 11 .577 7 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-7 11-6 Washington 14 12 .538 8 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 Miami 12 13 .480 9½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 New York 12 13 .480 9½ 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 12 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 15½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 Minnesota 15 11 .577 6 5-5 W-1 8-4 7-7 12-5 Denver 14 11 .560 6½ 5-5 W-1 10-2 4-9 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 5-5 L-2 5-10 2-9 5-12
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Denver at Indiana, 5 p.m.
Dallas at Minnesota, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former escort has married HERSELF in a romantic beach ceremony in a celebration of 'healing' after a series of bad relationships,
Emmajane Love admitted the relationships made them turn to partying and sex to mend their broken heart - so now she's committed to 'sologamy'.
At their beach wedding, on Australia's Gold Coast on Valentine's Day, they recited vows of self-love into a mirror and now they are acting as a celebrant for other people hoping to wed themselves.
The self-described 'love priestess' felt so inspired after their own self-marriage that they are now determined to help other people follow in their footsteps and become their own soul mate.
Since, Ms Love has facilitated 41 self-nuptials in retreats costing up to £1,550 (AUD$2,600) - and she's set to take the trend to America to help 400 people get hitched in a mass-ceremony.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
The service involves declaring your eternal love, respect an commitment to yourself before celebrating with speeches and cake.
While some brides choose to dress up in wedding gowns, others wear nothing at all.
Ms Love from Christchurch, New Zealand, said: "We're conditioned as women to think we should find a prince, ride off into the sunset and live happily ever after.
"But you don't need someone else to complete you. Looking for that can have the opposite effect.
"I ended up in codependent relationships where I numbed my emotions through partying, sex and my career.
"'I knew I needed to go on a healing journey to start loving myself first. I lost myself in my relationships and the ritual was a celebration of finding myself again.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
"Afterwards, I got this mix of emotions. It was a feeling of sadness for the old me I was leaving behind and happiness for the radiant woman I had become.
"Once I started sharing my journey, more and more women stared reaching out to me telling me they wanted me to make the same one."
Although many of Ms Love's clients have gone through a recent breakup, some are singletons - or even already married.
So far self-marriage seems to be most popular with career-driven females aged 25-50 of Australian or New Zealand heritage.
And while critics accuse people who wed themselves of being narcissistic, Ms Love said that is a misunderstanding as selfishness and self-love are very different.
Though it is not legally binding, the trend of sologamy is blossoming the world over and Ms Love believes this is only the beginning.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Ms Love said: "Narcissists don't love themselves, it's a mask. But sologamy is selfless. It's about loving and committing to yourself first so you can love others more fully.
"Some of the women that contact me have given their power away in their relationships with friends, family and lovers. After healing themselves, they can change all that.
"Because of my old job, a lot of girls come to me to reconnect as sexual beings. They are seeking intimacy, and our identity is closely entwined with that.
"There is definitely a rise in people comfortable with being alone. People are becoming more open minded."
Earlier this week Italian fitness trainer Laura Mesi married herself, having a ceremony complete with a big white dress, a cake and bridesmaids.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A married father-of-one is lucky to be alive after a concrete slab fell out of the sky and missed them by just inches.
Shop owner Aleksey Skers was walking along the pavement when they are spotted on CCTV suddenly looking up.
They make a quick dash forward before seconds later a large piece of concrete slams into the floor, breaking into pieces.
It is not known what made the 26-year-old look up, but it is thought they heard something unusual that caught their attention.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
Mr Skers owns five shops around the city of Vitebsk that sell pushchairs in Belarus.
They were walking out of a nearby shopping centre after visiting one of their shops when the slab nearly hit him.
Local media blamed high winds for the accident.
Last month another man had a narrow escape after they were almost chopped in half when they were trapped in a lift.
(Image: CEN)
Man narrowly avoids being chopped in half by lift as the device shoots upwards leaving them trapped upside down
The worker was installing a lift in a residential tower when an operational error caused the lift car to shoot upwards, lodging their body between the narrow gap.
With blood pouring from him, the man was left hanging upside down from the narrow lift doors, their legs and torso trapped between the car and the lift shaft.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We are still searching for my friend Khadija Saye .
All we have to go on is their last Facebook posts at four o'clock this morning saying the fire was getting closer and they couldn't get out of the building.
We are praying and hoping they are in one of the hospitals.
We are desperate to find them and their mother Mary who they lived with on the 20th floor of the Grenfell Tower .
(Photo: AFP)
As a Member of Parliament I am very conscious of the fire at Lakanal House in 2009 in South London and the aftermath when we were told that lessons would be learned.
The coroner said there should be a sprinkler system and a review of the building regulations.
Where were the sprinklers in Grenfell Tower? Why were people told to stay in their homes as flames tore through the building? Why did the fire spread so quickly?
(Photo: PA)
The face of Grenfell is like the face of so many tower blocks across Britain.
The people coming out of that building are working class and poor and they rely on the state to keep them safe.
I fear they have been failed.
(Photo: PA)
The residents' association raised in November their concerns about the building and it fell on deaf ears.
Someone has to be held accountable. We already know that 12 people have lost their lives and that number could rise.
(Photo: Steve Bainbridge/The People)
We know today that the tower block experiments of the 1960s and 1970s are a disaster.
There are real questions about the viability of these buildings.
New high rises being built across the capital are largely luxury apartments and pent-houses, and of course they are equipped with sprinkler systems, fire-proof walls and fire escapes.
Yet again we have one rule for the rich and the poor are being left behind and left in danger.
FLORENCE, Ala. (AP) — Authorities say three people died on New Year's Eve when the utility terrain vehicle they were driving went off the road and hit a tree.
Senior Trooper Johnathan Appling tells AL.com four people were in the Polaris Ranger UTV around 8:40 p.m. Saturday when it went off the road.
The driver and two passengers were thrown from the vehicle and died at the scene. A fourth passenger was injured and taken to a local hospital.
None of the passengers were using seat belts or helmets.
Appling said the preliminary investigation shows alcohol played a role in the crash. Alabama State Troopers are investigating the accident.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chanelle Hayes has become embroiled in a bizarre online spat with Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, after they criticised pictures of their breast-feeding.
It all kicked off when Chanelle took offence to some 'ultra glam' pictures of April nursing which were posted to their Instagram page.
April, 23, who gave birth to daughter Mia in February, was trolled by fellow mums after sharing a snap of their braless in bed feeding their little girl with a full face of make-up and perfectly styled hair,
Big Brother star, and mum-of-two Chanelle, waded into the row and took to Twitter to slate the snap.
(Image: Instagram)
"I'm all for breastfeeding and having a choice how to feed your baby but WHY do people feel the need to post pictures of themselves doing it?! Especially the new pic of Robin Thicke's gf! She's got hair done, makeup on, both boobs out. So strange. What's the need?" Chanelle vented to them followers.
After being alerted to the reality star's scathing critique, April hit back by sharing a topless picture of Chanelle from their glamour modelling days on Instagram and called them a hypocrite.
"Hey Chanelle Hayes, maybe the next time you want to criticize me for posting a picture of myself breastfeeding you should really take a look at the pictures you've had taken. Not that taking nudes are wrong! The naked body is a beautiful thing! But don't be a hypocrite mama," April fired.
(Image: Instagram)
And their explosive argument divided fans right down the middle.
"Breastfeeding is totally normal! Yep, both breasts out is way easier! Go mama! Feed your baby and be proud!" said one supporter of April.
"Thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy and sharing your beautiful breastfeeding photo! I always have both boobs out, way easier!" another mum commented.
"If I looked that good with a baby I'd probably post a picture doing it too!" joked a third.
(Image: Rex)
(Image: Instagram)
However other fans took Chanelle's side.
"I doubt very much they would have as many pics if they were bottle feeding! Some people would do anything for attention," cried one.
While another fired: "It's weird to post it on social media, just to get a few likes, retweets and shares. Why do you have to document something women have been doing for thousands of years?"
(Image: Splash News)
April gave birth to their daughter Mia Love Thicke in February, their first child with boyfriend Robin, 41.
It's the second child for the Blurred Lines crooner, who aslo shared daughter
Robin announced the happy news on social media by posting a short video of themselves holding the baby, they captioned it: “On 2/22 at 13:33 Mia Love Thicke was born.
"Thank you God and April Love.”
After firing Slimbridge to an opening day 2-1 victory over Paulton Rovers, Marley Thomas has been challenged by manager Freddy Ward to reach a tally of 20 goals for the season, writes Johnny Morton .
Thomas came off the bench to score two in the space of four minutes to secure all three points for the Swans and kick their Division One West of the Southern League campaign off to the perfect start.
Ward has called on other players who find themselves out of the starting team to follow in Thomas' example and show them why they should be playing.
"He will be very important this season," said Ward.
"I said to them during pre-season that I wanted them to get to 20 goals this season, and they agreed they needed to add more goals to their game.
"He started on the bench because they got a little knock a couple of weeks ago. I asked people who were left out to show me why they should be starting when they come on, and they did exactly that."
The Thornhill Park outfit are one of six local teams in the league, alongside Cinderford Town, Bishops Cleeve, Shortwood United, Cirencester Town and Evesham United.
Ward says the local derbies make for an exciting season.
"A lot of people know each other having played against or with each other before," they added.
"The more local derbies, the better for the area"
It will be Cirencester who provide the opposition on Wednesday night, with Charlie Griffin's side aiming to bounce back from a 2-0 defeat against Taunton Town.
Ward is familiar with The Centurions, having enjoyed a spell with them in the past.
"On paper, they have a very good side," they said.
"I had a couple of seasons with Cirencester and I know a couple of their players that are still there now from when I was there, and I know they will be strong.
"They didn't get off to the best start, but they were playing Taunton who will probably be looking for promotion this season.
"They'll be looking to get some points on the board so it'll be a tough game and we are looking forward to it."
Today, KDE announces the beta release of Kirigami UI 2.0.
Soon after the initial release of Kirigami UI, KDE's framework for convergent (mobile and desktop) user interfaces, its main developer Marco Martin started porting it from Qt Quick Controls 1 to Qt Quick Controls 2, the next generation of Qt's ready-made standard controls for Qt Quick-based user interfaces. Since QQC 2 offers a much more extended range of controls than QQC 1, the port allowed the reduction of Kirigami's own code, while improving stability and performance. Kirigami 2 is kept as close to QQC 2's API as possible in order to extend it seamlessly.
Beyond the improvements that the port to QQC2 brings, further work went into Kirigami 2's performance and efficiency, and it also offers significantly improved keyboard navigation for desktop applications. On Android, Kirigami 2 integrates better visually with Material Design.
Of course there are also smaller improvements in various places, such as better handling of edge swipes in the SwipeListItem or more reliable activation of the Overscroll / Reachability mode (which pulls down the top of the page to the center of the screen where it can be reached with the thumb).
Discover (Plasma's software center), a quite complex application, has already been ported successfully to Kirigami 2 without much hassle, so we are confident that most applications can be ported easily from Kirigami 1 to Kirigami 2. Since Kirigami 2 requires Qt 5.7, which is not available on all Linux distributions yet, Kirigami 1 is still maintained (receiving fixes for critical bugs) for the time being, but won't receive any new features or improvements.
Although Kirigami 2 has of course been tested internally, this beta release allows us to make sure that the final release contains no bugs which only surface under circumstances we haven't thought of. Therefore we're happy for developers who would like to try out Kirigami 2 beta in their application and report issues they might encounter through one of our various communication channels. You can find those channels, as well as the link to the source tarball, on Kirigami's Techbase page.
Canadian Columnist Echoes Praise For Toronto Officer Who Arrested Van Attack Suspect NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with columnist Scott Gilmore about the non-violent arrest of the suspect in the Toronto van attack. Gilmore writes for the Canadian current affairs magazine Maclean's.
The Colby Hornets baseball campaign came to a close last week Thursday when the Hornets fell on the road 0-10 in the first round of WIAA regional action to the Stratford Tigers.
For Colby, their opening playoff game was just their 11th game of the season, and just as the rust was shaking off, their season came to an end.
Immigrant Rights Advocates Say The 'Muslim Ban' Is Already Happening As the Supreme Court weighs the legality of the President's travel ban, immigrant rights advocates say the administration has already achieved the 'Muslim ban' Trump talked about during the campaign. Muslim immigration to the U.S. is down sharply in the past year.
Investment guru Jim Rogers considers start-ups notoriously high-risk. Yet, over the past 12 months, they have invested in four start-ups, but emphasises that they have not changed their spots. Photo: Bloomberg
Singapore: Prolific investor. Contrarian extraordinaire. Investment banker. Best-selling author. Jim Rogers wears many hats, and is not tied down by labels or conventional wisdom, but has refused to bite the bullet when it comes to investing in start-ups, which they consider notoriously high-risk.
Yet, even Rogers appears to be joining the bandwagon going by their track record over the last 12 months, during which they have invested in four start-ups. They defend their decision and says their start-up investments are not about the capital. The entrepreneurs approached them directly, which got them interested, and Rogers is not changing theirs spots.
“These founders were smart people and they reached out to me and asked, would you invest with us, and I said yes,” they said in a recent interview.
Three of their investments in this space are Korean firms, including Standard Graphene, the country's first manufacturer of graphene, a thin layer of pure carbon.
“Graphene, according to scientists, is going to be as important to the world as scientists. I did not say that, but scientists say it—it is thinner than paper and stronger than steel and they can even use (it) to purify salt water. I have been bullish on graphene for a long time, and all of a sudden an entrepreneur in this space shows up—he has been in this business for a while, and therefore I put in some small amount of money,” Rogers explained.
Rogers has also invested in two fintech start-ups—Korea's Wealth & Liberty, which provides financial advisory services using a robot adviser, and Chinese online brokerage firm Tiger Brokers. The latter was also their first investment in a Chinese start-up.
Rogers said they are “investing in the founders” and not the companies. “I know nothing about fintech. But I found these were smart people and they contacted me directly,” they said.
Tiger Brokers, which allows Chinese investors to buy stocks from the US and Hong Kong, recently disclosed a funding round worth $14.5 million, the third for the company since it was founded three years ago. Rogers declined to state the amount they had put into the company, whose other investors include heavyweights such as Xiaomi Technology, China Growth Capital, and Citic Securities.
Their logic behind investing in Tiger Brokers: “I know the Chinese are going to be huge forces worldwide in the financial markets for the rest of the century.”
Rogers' first start-up investment was in 2016, when they invested an undisclosed amount of capital in Illimus, a Korean cosmetics company.
Their investment was based on the fact that they found its founders were “smart and driven”, rather than the company's prospects.
“If I lose all my start-up investments, it is not the end of the world. The way I look at it—if these investments come to nothing, I won't even notice. I don't pay any attention to my start-up investments,” they added.
But as an investor, by keeping away from start-ups, did they pass up on the opportunity to make huge returns over the last few decades?
“Many of the start-ups have become gigantic, or will become gigantic in the next 20 years. But thousands of start-ups have disappeared in the last 20 years. We remember Facebook because it is successful, but we don't remember MySpace—it was a gigantic failure backed by unbelievably smart people with money including (News Corp. chief Rupert) Murdoch.”
“Ask me again in 10 years, and even 10 years later, I don't think I will have many more start-up investments than I have now. Maybe some really smart guy or woman comes and meets me, I may do something, but I am not changing my spots and my start-up investments are all coincidental,” the veteran US investor, who now lives in Singapore, added.
Historic Oscar Mayer Wienermobile Is Gearing Up For Public Display
One of the oldest Oscar Mayer Wienermobiles in the country is getting restored before being put on display for the public. It's all happening in Wisconsin, of course, the longtime home to Oscar Mayer's main processing plant.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Here's a song that might bring back some memories.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED CHILDREN: (Singing) Oh, I'd love to be an Oscar Mayer wiener. That is what I'd truly like to be 'cause if I were an...
KELLY: That of course is the jingle from the famous hot dog brand made even more famous by the giant hot dog on wheels - yes, the Wienermobile.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
The Wienermobile first came out in 1936. That one is long gone. But thanks to another early one from 1969, generations of people around the country have fond memories of the traveling dog and buns.
KELLY: Now, that '69 mobile is getting a new life today in where else but Wisconsin, longtime home to Oscar Mayer's main processing plant.
CHUCK JADOUL: (Laugher) It does stand out of place in the shop.
KELLY: That laughter is coming from Chuck JaDoul. He's production manager at Truckstar, a collision repair shop just outside of Madison. They say they mainly work on, well, trucks. But the shop has also long been the go-to place for Wienermobiles.
JADOUL: The wiener sticks out over the bun quite a bit, so people are always backing into things. So anything misfortune happens to them, you know, we get the phone call.
SHAPIRO: Right now their team is completely restoring the one known as Old Number 7. It toured the country for years until the mid-1970s. Then things changed, and TV advertising became cheaper. So instead of sending a giant hot dog onto the highway, Oscar Mayer turned to jingles like this one.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ANDY LAMBROS: (Singing) My bologna has a first name. It's O-S-C-A-R. My bologna has...
KELLY: Song of my childhood in the '80s there, Ari. Old Number 7, though, came out of storage for an anniversary tour. It was a hit. Here's Ed Roland. He's in charge of the current Wienermobile fleet.
ED ROLAND: Its success when it was brought back is what really kicked off where we are today with the fleet of vehicles that tour the country right now.
SHAPIRO: This is the origin Wienermobile. This one is the reason that all the other Wienermobiles - there are six of them - are on the road today.
KELLY: Which is why JaDoul and their team are dusting off the fiberglass buns, sprucing up the interior. And it has been donated to the Wisconsin Historic Society (ph) in Madison.
SHAPIRO: And their goal is to bring the Wienermobile back to the masses.
DAVID WILDER: We never want this to sit behind a velvet rope and sort of just, you know, be untouchable.
KELLY: That's David Wilder from the Historic Society. The old Oscar Mayer plant closed down last year, and the museum has been busy collecting memorabilia.
WILDER: People can look back and have an understanding of what life was like during the 20th century, so it's sort of a collective memory of the state and the nation.
SHAPIRO: They say come this summer, the 23-foot-long hot dog will be back traveling around Wisconsin and open for visitors.
KELLY: Road trip.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED SINGER: (Singing) Oh, I wish I were an Oscar Mayer wiener. That is what I'd truly like to be, oh, 'cause if I were an Oscar Mayer wiener...
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Sergeant Susan Munford, also a Selectman in Kingston, has worked in town for about 25 years and was promoted to Sergeant in 2005.
After an internal investigation at the Kingston Police Department found that Munford violated rules and regulations in the department for logging and storing evidence, Police Chief Maurice Splaine recommended they should be terminated.
Tuesday was the second day for the termination hearing, in front of hearing officer James Lampke.
Many supporters were in the room for the hearing on Tuesday, including Peter Boncek.
“She's a caring person, you know, not everybody's perfect,” said Boncek. “I had posted last night on Facebook: that they're humans, they're not perfect, they make mistakes. For somebody to come after them after being a 25-year veteran, and all of a sudden find these things — you can come out and do that to any officer that's in there.”
While under direct questioning from Town Labor Counsel, Jaime Kenny, Munford admitted they did not properly log reports or store evidence from a case in 2015 and two cases in 2016, and in an additional case.
“I had a very difficult time at that point doing my job,” Munford said of the 2015 case.
Munford said they would keep evidence in their personal desk locker in between officers returning from court cases, rather than return and log the items to the evidence room in the basement.
Munford's lawyer, Leigh Panettiere, countered there was a pattern in the police department where people regularly failed to properly log and store evidence, but did not name anyone else.
When asked for comment, Munford, Panettiere, and Kenny did not want to comment while the hearing was ongoing.
The hearing will be continued on Friday at 10 a.m. at the Kingston Town House.
Advertising
© Jerry Cabluck/Getty Images
RT:
Trust me: the inmates, I guarantee you, they are ready.
As Arkansas prepares to execute seven death-row inmates, a former executioner told RT they believe the deaths will leave a mark on correctional officers, and that "it's too much for them."In early April, the state's Governor Asa Hutchinson ordered that the executions be carried out for eight inmates (one was later put on hold by a judge on appeal), since one of the drugs is to expire by the end of the month.European laws effectively forbid the sale of drugs for execution purposes, and many US companies also refuse to sell the chemicals. In March 2015, the American Pharmacists Association issued a statement calling on its members to deny any sales of such material as "contrary" to the goals of healthcare providers.A former correctional officer who administered lethal injections in Virginia, Jerry Givens, spoke to RT about the ramifications for those tasked with conducting executions today.Arkansas' governor schedules mass death row execution to use up lethal injection drug before it expires. What do you make of this decision?It's too soon for those people that have to carry out those executions. You can get more drugs, but for those people that carry that many executions out in that short period of time - and they haven't carried out an execution in 12 years -Can the drug expiry be sufficient warranty for scheduling mass death row executions?When the drugs expire - I believe it's the 30th of April - I don't know whether they can get more drugs or not, but they have other inmates that are scheduled to be executed. So where will you get the drugs to execute those guys? If you're dependent on this drug expiring, an expiration date as of the 30th, where will you get the other drugs if you have executions after the 30th? Where will you get drugs from then? That's my question.You took part in executions of prisoners in the past. How do you estimate the emotional stress for the officers involved?Well, we never had that many scheduled. When I was executing in 1999, in the month of April I had five scheduled. I had just completed two in the month of March. But I knew that I wasn't ready to carry out that many at one given time. But the dates come that way. But you have to be a special person to prepare yourself for that assignment. You have to remember that those are correctional officers that are carrying out these executions.So I know they can't speak for themselves, so I'm here to speak for them...I wouldn't want anybody to have to go through that. They're human beings. We all are human beings. And they're my brothers and sisters...and I don't want them to have to go through it.They have accepted responsibility and have been on death row for a period of time, so most of those guys are ready. I haven't seen one yet that wasn't ready to get it over with. So the inmates are ready....I don't see how the staff are going to get ready for that if they've never participated in something like this before. I wouldn't put this on no one and I'm sorry to say that.If the lawyers fighting to stop the planned executions do not win their case, what consequences - social and psychological - might these executions have?Well I don't know how it will affect them, but why would you take a chance? If someone told me that down the street it was a flood and don't drive across it, you think I'm going to go and drive across it when someone just went across it and knows what the consequences are? So I don't know what they will go through, and they might be successful and not have a problem at all, but why play Russian roulette with your life?The officers have to face the aftermath of the executions, what comes after that. The inmate is gone. The officers have to live their lives, and they've got family members, and it's going to always come to you. I don't care. You're never going to forget that. It's going to be with you.
MAN, W.Va. — In the past year, towns in Michigan have gotten quite a bit of attention due to water problems. Flint, in particular has caused nation-wide ire and consternation thanks to lead water lines installed decades ago that have lead to a water-contamination problem in recent years.
The town of Man has it's own problems with it's own water lines and just like Flint Michigan those problems go back many, many decades. Over fifty years ago, the water lines were installed in Man and over time new lines were added over the older lines in the system. To make matters worse, some of those lines were made of Terra Cotta which began crumbling as the decades wore on. This has meant that over those same years the town has had a major problem with loss of water pressure and a massive loss of water as well.
On top of that problem another situation now exists. Man Mayor Jim Blevins explained Monday night that the town has been paying around $100,000 a year in wastewater treatment bills to the Buffalo Creek PSD to treat rainwater that goes into the BC PSD's collection meters.
“Last month our bill was $19,000,” Mayor Blevins explained. “If we have a bad spring with a lot of rain, its gonna be more huge bills just like that.”
Several years ago the town began asking residents to remove their rain guttering lines from the sewage collection drains. At that time the towns' water department also began doing smoke testing in order to see where water was being lost as well as to locate any lines that had not been removed from the drains yet.
A few months ago Jesse Alden of the Thrasher Group spoke to the town council of Man about these and other water related problems and the possible sollution in regards to a three phase project to deal with them. Phase I would be to identify the areas where rainwater and other sources of water are going into the sewage treatment lines and to remove those lines, which is expected to bring the wastewater treatment bills from Buffalo Creek Public Service District down dramatically. Other phases of the project would include mapping of the entire system to see exactly where the different lines are located and to replace those lines. That part of the proposed project is prohibitively expensive, and in effect would be a several million dollar project. To make matters worse, the town has been denied grant assistance from the Federal Government in the past due to the strange combination of residents of parts of the town having higher than average incomes several years ago and still having some of the lowest water rates in the state. The combination has knocked man out of grant funding in the past and could continue to do so currently.
Other options the town could look into would include just purchasing water from the Buffalo Creek PSD or the Logan PSD and shutting down it's own water plant. These options would most likely also lead to rate increases for residents.
The town has also been told it will have to come up with a back up water source in the aftermath of a huge chemical spill in Charleston a few years ago.
In other Man news, Mayor Blevins informed the council on Monday evening that they needed to utilize part of the $10,000 the town had set aside for emergencies in order to purchase an emergency pump for the town's water system. Blevins noted that the old pump has been repaired several times and that they wantetd a new one on hand and ready in the event of a problem.
The council also approved its annual donation to the Buffalo Creek Memorial Library.
Mayor Jim Blevins said the Town of Man will have to do something about its longtime problem of being billed by the Buffalo Creek PSD to treat rainwater going into the sewage meter. Councilman John Fekete (far right) said they hate to see the residents of the town put on the hook for a several million dollar loan. http://loganbanner.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_Council-Fekete-copy-CMYK.jpg Mayor Jim Blevins said the Town of Man will have to do something about its longtime problem of being billed by the Buffalo Creek PSD to treat rainwater going into the sewage meter. Councilman John Fekete (far right) said they hate to see the residents of the town put on the hook for a several million dollar loan.
By J.D. Charles Freelance Writer
J.D. Charles is a freelance writer for Civitas Media and a retired reporter for The Logan Banner. They can be reached by calling 304-752-6950.
J.D. Charles is a freelance writer for Civitas Media and a retired reporter for The Logan Banner. They can be reached by calling 304-752-6950.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man allegedly beat their girlfriend to death with a rock and a metal pole before chopping up their body and disposing of it down a toilet, a court heard.
Dean Lowe, 33, is accused of murdering Kirby Noden, 32, in the bedroom of their basement flat in Marazion, Cornwall, in January last year.
Paul Dunkels QC, prosecuting, told Truro Crown Court: "It was January last year and the defendant and a woman called Kirby Nolan were living together in a flat in Marazion.
"It was in that month that the defendant attacked them in their bedroom of the flat, beating them to death with a rock and a metal pole. They then disposed of their body.
"Her blood was splattered around the bedroom from the attack upon them and it soaked into the mattress where their body had been laying and it was on the weapons they had used to murder her."
(Image: SWNS)
They continued: "No one other than the defendant knew what had happened to Kirby Noden for five months until May of last year when the defendant began to send text messages to members of their family in Cheshire that there has been a body on the floor of the flat which they had cut up and put into bins and down the toilet.
"They contacted the police and when the police went to the flat the defendant showed that officer the blood and admitted to the police officer they had killed Kirby Noden and disposed of their body."
The couple, originally from Winsford, in Cheshire, had a "chaotic lifestyle" marked by homelessness and drug use, with Lowe taking "some form of pills".
Mr Dunkels said the last confirmed sighting of Miss Noden was on January 11 when a couple went to their flat to buy cannabis from Lowe.
They said a benefit payment of £220.40 was paid into Miss Noden's bank account on January 10 and later that day all but 40p was withdrawn in cash.
"It is clear that the defendant had Kirsty Noden's bank card after they killed them but they did not have their pin and was unable to withdraw cash from an ATM," Mr Dunkels said.
"The prosecution say that the defendant killed Kirby Noden some time between January 11 and 14 last year."
Lowe denies murder.
Authorities said on Friday they are investigating a case concerning the arrival at the Limassol post office of a parcel from the US which contained 40 grammes of liquid tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive constituent of cannabis.
The customs department said that its detection dog, Buddy, located the parcel in August at the Limassol post office's parcel section. In the parcel, customs said, there was an unidentified liquid substance weighing 40 grammes, which was sent for lab tests.
The state lab informed customs on Thursday that the liquid substance was THC.
After receiving this information, customs said they have sent the case to the police anti-drugs services.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Trump administration is rescinding Obama-era guidance that encouraged schools to take a student's race into account in order to promote diversity in admissions, a U.S. official said Tuesday.
The shift would give schools and universities the federal government's blessing to take a race-neutral approach to students they consider for admission.
The action comes amid a high-profile court fight over admission at Harvard University as well as Supreme Court turnover expected to produce a more critical eye toward schools' affirmative action policies.
The high court's most recent significant ruling on the subject bolstered colleges' use of race among many factors in the college admission process. But the opinion's author, Anthony Kennedy, announced their retirement last week, giving President Donald Trump a chance to replace them with a justice who will be more reliably skeptical of admissions programs that take race and ethnicity into account.
A formal announcement was expected later Tuesday from the Justice and Education departments, according to the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the official was not authorized to discuss the new guidance ahead of its release.
The new policy would depart from the stance taken by the Obama administration, which in a 2011 policy document said schools have a "compelling interest" in ensuring a diverse student body. The guidance said that while race should not be the primary factor in an admission decision, schools could lawfully consider it in the interest of achieving diversity.
"Institutions are not required to implement race-neutral approaches if, in their judgment, the approaches would be unworkable," the guidance said. "In some cases, race-neutral approaches will be unworkable because they will be ineffective to achieve the diversity the institution seeks."
The administration issued a similar guidance document in 2016 aimed at giving schools a framework for "considering race to further the compelling interests in achieving diversity and avoiding racial isolation." That document said elementary and secondary schools, in the interest of diversity, could consider race and socio-economic status in decisions on school zoning and location, grade realignment and enrollment.
The Obama approach replaced Bush-era policy from a decade earlier that discouraged affirmative action programs and instead encouraged the use of race-neutral alternatives, like percentage plans and economic diversity programs.
The Trump administration's move appears in line with Bush administration policy. Such guidance does not have the force of law, but schools could use it to help defend themselves against lawsuits over their admission policies.
The Justice Department in the Trump administration had already signaled its concern about the use of race in admissions decisions. The department this year sided with Asian-American plaintiffs suing Harvard University who argue that the school unlawfully limits how many of Asian students are admitted.
Students for Fair Admissions, the group suing Harvard, is led by Ed Blum, a legal strategist who also helped white student Abigail Fisher sue the University of Texas for alleged discrimination in a case that went to the Supreme Court.
Blum said Tuesday that the organization "welcomes any governmental actions that will eliminate racial classifications and preferences in college admissions." Harvard, meanwhile, said it would continue considering race as an admissions factor to bring together a "diverse campus community where students from all walks of life have the opportunity to learn with and from each other."
Civil liberties groups immediately decried the move, saying it went against decades of court rulings that permit colleges and universities to take race into account.
"We condemn the Department of Education's politically motivated attack on affirmative action and deliberate attempt to discourage colleges and universities from pursuing racial diversity at our nation's colleges and universities," Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said in a statement.
The Supreme Court has been generally accepting of considering race in admissions decisions. In 2016, the court, in an opinion written by Kennedy, granted affirmative action policies a narrow victory by permitting race to be among the factors considered in the college admission process.
The ruling bitterly disappointed conservatives who thought that Kennedy would be part of a Supreme Court majority to outlaw affirmative action in education. Justice Antonin Scalia died after the court heard arguments in the case but before the decision was handed down.
The new affirmative action guidance could add to an already contentious fight over the next justice. With Trump expected to announce their nominee next week, the issue should be a central part of any confirmation process, said Howard University School of Law Dean Danielle Holley-Walker.
They called the new guidance "highly unfortunate and counterproductive" and said the decision is another indication that the Justice Department under Attorney General Jeff Sessions is likely to be fairly aggressive toward schools that do continue to factor in race in admissions decisions.
"People have been talking about precedent in regard to Roe. v. Wade" - the landmark 1973 ruling affirming a woman's right to abortion - "but it's important to remember that affirmative action has been a precedent for the past 40 years," they said. "This is a clear attack on precedent. Any Supreme Court nominee needs to be asked if they support precedent related to affirmative action."
___
Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP
___
Associated Press writers Mark Sherman and Jesse Holland in Washington, Collin Binkley in Boston and National Writer Errin Haines Whack in Philadelphia contributed to this report.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The release date of the much-talked about Lenovo Z5 was officially unveiled last week on Weibo. It was neither the first time nor the last time when the Lenovo Group VP, Chang Cheng went vocal about the phone as the latest information comes in form of a glimpse of the back of the Lenovo Z5.
Latest teaser makes it pretty clear that the phone will boast of a Huawei P20 Pro like gradient glass back. As it looks very identical to the Aurora or the Twilight colour variant of the Huawei phone. This also confirms that the phone would sport a dual-sided glass design with metal a metal frame on the sides.
Prior to this, Chang Cheng had shared some really interesting highlights of the device. As per their posts, the phone will have a whopping 95% of screen to body ratio, with a humongous 45 day long standby time and lastly the 4TB storage space on the phone.
With so much on the cards, it's fair to keep high expectations from Lenovo's upcoming flagship. Especially, about the design and the implausible 4TB of storage.
Furthermore, the invitation letter shared by Lenovo suggests that the Z5 will represent the legacy of the ZUK-series of phones from Lenovo. ZUK is Lenovo's sub-brand that entered India in 2015 with the ZUK Z1, followed by the Z2 without the ZUK branding. However in China, the company released total of four handsets— Z1, Z2 Pro, Z2 and Edge.
However, the teaser image sports Lenovo branding at the bottom, but there's no sign of the ZUK. So we can't really assure that it's a ZUK Z5 or just the Z5. Let's wait till June 5th and see if it really justifies the hype built around it.
BJP MP accused Karnataka chief minister K. Siddaramaiah of turning a blind eye on attacks against workers associated with saffron outfits. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: A mob protesting the death of a 21-year-old man, alleged to be a right-wing activist, set Inspector General of Police (IGP), western range (Karnataka), Hemant Nimbalkar's car on fire, in Kumta (Uttara Kannada district), about 460 km from Bengaluru, on Monday.
Paresh Mesta was found dead under mysterious circumstances on Friday in Honnavara, two days after they went missing.
Vinayak V. Patil, superintendent of police, Uttara Kannada district, on Monday said that subsequent social media messages about the cause of the death of Mesta and circumstances under which they were killed (including evidence to suggest they were tortured) had caused outrage in the region, leading to widespread protests. However, the police denied BJP's claims that Mesta was tortured.
The incident was allegedly given communal colour when Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) member of Parliament Shobha Karandlaje issued a statement on Friday, accusing Karnataka chief minister K. Siddaramaiah of turning a blind eye on attacks against workers associated with saffron outfits.
The latest incident puts the spotlight back on coastal Karnataka—one of the more communally sensitive regions in the state—which has witnessed several attacks and murders from both right-wing and minority groups.
Heading into elections, the BJP has championed the cause of right-wing groups in the regions to corner the Siddaramaiah-led Congress government and reiterate its claims that group like the Popular Front of India (PFI) and Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI) were given a free hand under the present rule.
Patil said they have arrested a few people in connection to Monday's incident and will take a call on whether prohibitory orders should be issued or not. They added that the police would get better clarity on the death and associations of Mesta after all the reports would come in.
BJP state president and former chief minister B.S.Yeddyurappa on Monday accused the state government of using force to disperse peaceful rallies in the region protesting the death of Mesta. “We will intensify the protests, give a memorandum to the (Karnataka) governor and meet with Union home minister and appraise them of the situation,” Yeddyurappa said.
However, the Karnataka police later in the day issued a statement to debunk the BJP's claims that Mesta was tortured.
“An official press release dated 9 December was issued by a political party with respect to death of Paresh Mesta through which blatantly false information without any authentication was shared to media and public,” IGP Nimbalkar said in a statement.
The police also put up the forensic report of Mesta which states that there was no evidence to suggest that they were tortured as alleged by the BJP.
“Thereafter, through various absolutely false social media messages based on the above mentioned press release, a deliberate attempt is made to divide the society on communal lines and flare the communal sentiments for personal gains,” the police said.
The police said that action will be initiated against abetting communal incidences at Honnavara, including assault on a senior police official.
The BJP had carried out a “Mangaluru Chalo” bike rally on 8 September in the coastal district to take up the cause of attacks against members of right-wing organisations. The BJP had earlier stated that 23 people associated with right-wing organisations were killed since September 2015.
Karnataka home minister Ramalinga Reddy on Monday said there was an attempt by the BJP to communalise the death of Mesta before elections.
“How does the BJP know that it was a murder and by whom before the post mortem report comes in. All this is being done with an eye on elections,” they said.
Reddy referred to a video posted by Mysuru-Kodagu MP Pratap Simha, in which the latter purportedly says that their high command had asked them about how many protests the state unit had carried out where the police had to use force to disperse crowds. The remarks had caused huge uproar with the Congress alleging that the BJP was deploying all its resources to create a tense atmosphere in the state by inciting violence and communal clashes.
Reddy said the police was taking all precautions against such incidents and flaring up of communally sensitive issues.
By The Associated Press
Sunday
1. Duke (11-1) did not play. Next: vs. Evansville, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
2. Kansas (7-2) lost to No. 16 Arizona State 95-85. Next: at Nebraska, Saturday.
3. Michigan State (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Oakland, Saturday.
4. Villanova (10-0) beat La Salle 77-68. Next: at Temple, Wednesday.
5. Florida (6-3) did not play. Next: vs. Clemson, Saturday.
6. Wichita State (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Oklahoma, Saturday.
7. Texas A&M (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Savannah State, Wednesday.
8. Kentucky (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Virginia Tech, Saturday.
9. Notre Dame (8-2) did not play. Next: vs. Indiana, Saturday.
10. Miami (8-0) did not play. Next: at George Washington, Saturday.
11. North Carolina (9-1) did not play. Next: at No. 24 Tennessee, Sunday.
12. Gonzaga (7-2) at Washington. Next: vs. North Dakota, Saturday.
13. Xavier (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. ETSU, Saturday.
14. Minnesota (8-3) did not play. Next: vs. Drake, Monday.
15. Virginia (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Davidson, Saturday.
16. Arizona State (9-0) beat No. 2 Kansas 95-85. Next: vs. Vanderbilt, Sunday.
17. Cincinnati (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Mississippi State, Tuesday.
18. West Virginia (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Coppin State, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
19. Seton Hall (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Saint Peter's, Tuesday.
20. TCU (10-0) did not play. Next: vs. Texas Southern, Monday, Dec. 18.
21. Purdue (10-2) beat IUPUI 86-61. Next: vs. Butler, Saturday.
22. Nevada (8-2) did not play. Next: vs. Radford, Sunday.
23. Baylor (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Texas Southern, Thursday.
24. Tennessee (7-1) did not play. Next: vs. No. 11 North Carolina, Sunday.
25. Southern Cal (4-3) did not play. Next: vs. Santa Clara, Thursday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus could face a retrospective two game bani for diving in the Manchester derby, says Mark Clattenburg.
The Brazilian took a tumble after just 20 minutes at Old Trafford when they came shoulder to shoulder with Manchester United's Chris Smalling.
At the start of the season the FA implemented a new rule that sees diving players punished.
Footballers that are not punished during the game will be put to a three-man panel who will review the video evidence.
(Image: Sky Sports)
(Image: PA)
Should they be found guilty they will be handed a two-game ban.
With no penalty awarded and no yellow card handed out, Clattenburg expects the footage of Jesus to be reviewed.
"The incident in the first half is a dive from Gabriel Jesus,' told The Times
(Image: John Peters)
(Image: PA)
"That's a dive. I think we will see that being looked at by the Premier League and it will be interesting.
"There will be a referee, an ex-player and an ex-manager on the panel and it will depend on what the latter two says.
"The referee will say that it's a dive but it will have to be a 3-0 verdict for them to receive a ban."
By Kirsten Glavin
kglavin@abc6.com
@kirstenglavin
BRISTOL, RI – Bristolians raised the American flag high in the sky Wednesday night at the annual Flag Day celebration on the town common. The young and old gathered by the gazebo to honor freedom and kick-start the town's traditional Fourth of July celebrations.
Dancers opened the event, followed by speeches by many on the Fourth of July Committee. Children also sang traditional American songs.
"Its really cool. It's great to know that we have people supporting our country,” said Lisie O'Hara, of Portsmouth.
President Trump Vows To 'Liberate' U.S. From Opioid Crisis
Enlarge this image toggle caption Spencer Platt/Getty Images Spencer Platt/Getty Images
President Trump outlined a wide-ranging plan to combat the opioid epidemic on Monday, including an ad campaign to discourage drug use, expand addiction treatment and pursue a get-tough approach to law enforcement.
"Whether you are a dealer or doctor or trafficker or a manufacturer, if you break the law and illegally peddle these deadly poisons, we will find you, we will arrest you, and we will hold you accountable," Trump told an audience in Manchester, N.H.
"Failure is not an option," they added. "Addiction is not our future."
The speech comes five months after the president declared opioid abuse a public health emergency. The president has discussed opioids repeatedly, including during a summit earlier this month, and has created a commission to tackle the issue. But many proposals remain in progress or unaddressed.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was in the audience as Trump spoke and applauded the president's focus on law enforcement.
"At the Department of Justice, we have made ending the drug epidemic a priority," Sessions said in a statement. "We will continue to aggressively prosecute drug traffickers and we will use federal law to seek the death penalty wherever appropriate."
Trump conceded that not all Americans would be "ready" for such a crackdown, but they promised to push for it.
"Unless you have really, really powerful penalties, led by the death penalty for the really bad pushers and abusers, we are going to get nowhere," they said.
The president's plan also calls for expanded research into less-addictive pain killers and efforts to reduce the over-prescribing of opioids.
Before the speech, the president and first lady visited a Manchester fire house where they met with first responders, who are often called upon to treat overdose victims.
Trump praised the Adapt pharmaceutical company, which makes free and discounted samples of its anti-overdose medication, naloxone, available to schools and first responders.
Every day, Trump said, 116 Americans die from an opioid overdose. They said the death rate in New Hampshire is twice the national average.
"We will liberate our country from this crisis," Trump said. "And we will raise a drug-free generation of children."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ric Flair's management have called on fans to pray for the hospital-bound WWE legend, sparking fears their life could be in danger.
It emerged on Monday morning that the 68-year-old had been admitted to deal with "tough medical issues".
CEO of their management team, Melinda Morris Zanoni, took to social media to call for support for the stricken star.
They wrote: "Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair? If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues."
Zanoni had revealed on Sunday that Flair was in hospital for "routine monitoring".
"Yes, Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring. No reason2panic. Yes,many thx2his fiancé&hospstaff. No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style!"
Flair wrote in their book, Ric Flair: To Be the Man, about their battle with alcohol-related heart issues, with early reports suggesting they are struggling with a similar condition.
Trump Administration Announces New Restrictions On China Steve Inskeep talks to Peter Navarro, director of the White House National Trade Council, about the tariffs the administration plans to impose on China. Navarro calls it a "historic decision."
Charlton boss Karl Robinson has made two changes from the side which drew 1-1 at Coventry City – with Nathan Byrne and Jake Forster-Caskey both starting against Gillingham.
Right-back Chris Solly misses out altogether and their place is taken by Byrne.
Forster-Caskey replaces Fredrik Ulvestad, who drops to the bench.
Charlton: Rudd, Byrne, Bauer, Pearce, Dasilva, Konsa, Forster-Caskey, Crofts, Holmes, Botaka, Magennis. Subs: Phillips, Jackson, Watt, Ulvestad, Ahearne-Grant, Aribo, Teixeira.
Gillingham: Holy, Jackson, Ehmer, Oshilaja, Hessenthaler, McDonald, Martin, Quigley, Dack, Cornick, Wright. Subs: Nelson, Herd, Donnelly, Osadebe, Parker, Muldoon, Rehman.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Inter Milan's new manager Luciano Spalletti has dismissed rumours linking Ivan Perisic to Manchester United .
The winger has been linked with a move to the Red Devils this summer after netting 19 times during the past two seasons at the San Siro, report the Manchester Evening News .
Jose Mourinho appears to have a winger on their list of summer transfer targets after being linked with a move for their former Chelsea charge Willian earlier this summer.
Inter must raise £26million by the end of this month in order to comply with regulations, but Spalletti refused to speculate about whether that will mean selling Perisic or Mauro Icardi.
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
(Photo: Inter via Getty Images)
"I'll avoid answering on Icardi and Perisic for now," they said.
"There are strong players at Inter but they have to get into the team mechanism. It must be the team that works.
"I want all the players who are able to donate something to their team-mates with their quality."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hard-working and direct, Perisic has been earmarked by Mourinho as the ideal signing to improve United's transitions and cutting edge on the break.
(Photo: REUTERS)
The 28-year-old would give Mourinho a more direct option with their ability to find an extra gear when bursting forward into the final third.
The Croatian is comfortable with the ball at their feet under pressure and is a bit of a throwback with their trademark of running to the byline and swinging in a low, teasing cross.
Siddaramaiah-led Congress government had ordered the caste census in Karnataka. File photo: Mint
Bengaluru: Three years after the previous Siddaramaiah-led Congress government embarked on an ambitious caste census in Karnataka, the first in the country since 1932, the report, which was meant to challenge the dominant caste theory in the state, is still to be published and may never see the light of day.
The “Socio-Economic and Education Survey”, which was carried out at a cost of Rs147 crore and involved more than 160,000 personnel reaching out door-to-door to over 13.5 million households in the state over 45 days, was expected to be released before the May 2018 assembly elections.
However, the report, which has been submitted to the previous government, may never be released, according to one Congress legislator who requested anonymity. Another person familiar with the discussions of the coordination committee meetings of the Congress-Janata Dal (Secular) coalition government said that the issue of the caste census has not been tabled before the forum as other bigger issues such as farm loan waiver has taken precedence.
Representative bodies of Lingayats and Vokkaligas, believed to be the two largest caste groups in the state, had threatened protests if the findings were made public. The leaders of these communities were also backed by some Congress leaders who urged the government not to release the report, especially before the assembly elections.
With the 2019 elections inching closer, the publication of the report, that would earn the ire of dominant communities, may not help the party get the votes of these groups, which it desperately needs to end the domination of the BJP, in terms of parliamentary seats from Karnataka.
Recent experiments like granting the minority religion status to the Lingayats and neglecting the Vokaligas, has cost the Congress dearly in the May assembly elections where it got only 80 seats when compared to 122 in 2013.
Dominant communities were anxious after leaked findings of the report (which the government has denied) estimated the Lingayat population to be below 10% from earlier claimed figures of 17-18% and Vokkaliga from around 14% to around 8% of the state's population, making the Dalits the single biggest group at around 24%. Nearly 55% of Karnataka's population is from the backward classes, a section that had helped Siddaramaiah storm to power in 2013.
The Congress, which burnt its fingers over the contentious issue of granting minority religion status to the Lingayats, would risk losing the Vokkaliga vote base to the JD(S) if the report were to, as purported, show an erosion of the population percentages of these communities, according to the leaked findings of the report. Large communities like the Vokkaligas and Lingayats fear that any document that would estimate lower population percentages would mean that it would have to part with benefits that it receives.
JD(S), led by former prime minister H.D. Deve Gowda, is seen as a party that enjoys unstinted support from the Vokkaligas, who are concentrated in southern Karnataka, the regional party's bastion.
Siddaramaiah, one of only five non-Lingayat-non-Vokkaliga chief ministers in the political history of the state, had attempted to challenge the dominant caste theory, increase benefits to marginalised sections and help consolidate the voter base firmly behind the Congress. However, the opposition from within their own party ranks and leadership kept the Kuruba strongman from releasing the report.
Though there was no official data on the size of any specific community, experts on the subject say that many groups arrived at figures by adding 2.2% to the estimates every 10 years. The Backward Classes Welfare Department of the state, which is now backing up the data for other applications including identifying eligible beneficiaries for employment and education among other benefits, have denied that the report could never be released.
“We have apprised the chief minister of the report. Even the backward classes commission has met them over this report,” said Mohammed Mohsin, secretary, backward classes welfare department.
The data, which was gathered using 55 questions, including those on income, expenditure, ownership of vehicle, occupation, qualification and caste grouping among others, can be put to various other uses in other departments as well, said Mohsin. He, however, said that whether the report would be released or not would be a decision that the government would have to take.
Dudu Fisher is a successful international singer and entertainer.
They gained fame on Broadway, London's West End and Israel, playing Jean Valjean in Les Miserables, Tevye in Fiddler on the Roof and many other musicals.
Fisher was chosen by world producer Sir Cameron Mackintosh as the best Valjean in the world.
During their long career, Fisher recorded over 50 albums in Hebrew, Yiddish, English and many other languages. Dudu performed for Presidents' Clinton, Obama, the Queen of England and other world leaders.
Fisher starred in three PBS specials and currently their new PBS special ” Dudu Fisher in Jerusalem” is being aired all over the United States and was nominated for an Emmy Award.
Their unique and amazing voice and their acting abilities have taken them to the most prestigious stages around the globe!
Their Show at the Aventura Cultural Center on March 27th will be an intimate show. At the Kravis Center on March 28th they will perform with their band.
In their shows, Dudu will tell their life story from their childhood, their successful career and will sing songs from the musicals performed in, love songs and also a little Yiddish.
Their son who is 19 months old will join Dudu in one of the songs, if they are not jet-lagged.
Forget the Pesach cleaning for a couple of hours and come enjoy Dudu. Your Pesach Seder this year will be different from all other Seders….
Chia seeds are a source of enormous energy and endurance. They are primarily grown in Mexico, Guatemala, Australia and Argentina for commercial consumption. Asia- Pacific is chia seed's industry target market which is expected to grow immensely in foreseeable future. Seed Industry Analysis Research Reports Chia seeds have been excessively used these days in breads, oatmeal, puddings and many more items that are sold in hypermarket due to its nutritional value such as omega-3 fatty acid, proteins and fibres. According to global chia seeds market, black chia seed market generates higher revenue than white chia seeds due to presence of high anti-oxidant.
Benefits: No Regrets Just Vigor Health
Chia seeds have many crucial nutrients and eating it regularly can ameliorate functioning of the body. For Instance:
• Skin and Aging: Chia seeds are one of the high anti-oxidant foods that help to prevent premature aging caused due to inflammation and works rapidly on skin repair system.
• Digestive Health: Chia seeds naturally balance blood sugar due to its healthy fats and high fibre content. It absorbs considerable amount of water which immediately start working on stomach and therefore helps in bowel regularity, healthy stool, curbs hunger and decrease appetite which in turn leads to weight loss. Chia seeds are suggested by most gym trainers for naturally reducing weight and healthy body.
• Heart Health: Chia seeds are extremely beneficial for heart health as they regulate cholesterol, lower blood pressure, reverse inflammation and oxidative stress and most importantly develop atherosclerosis if consumed daily. This extraordinary natural attribute keeps consumer's heart healthy.
• Treat diabetes: Diabetes is one of the most widespread diseases in today's world and chia seeds have come to rescue as they prevent human body from the factor responsible for development of disease that is dyslipidemia (excessive fat in blood) and insulin resistance.
• Boost energy and metabolism: Visceral adipose (“Belly Fat”) tissue affects metabolism and is a factor responsible for obesity which Chia seeds reduce if eaten regularly and therefore boost energy.
• Fight Breast and Cervical Cancer: Breast and cervical cancer is most detected in women these days and has very rare chances of being cured properly even after tons of treatment and medication whereas chia seeds which is rich in omega-3 fatty acid naturally kills cancer causing cells from the body without harming the healthy ones.
Amongst the entire developed nation Seed Industry Analysis states that Europe is expected to show significant and prosperous growth in chia seeds global market. In terms of segmentation on the basis of usage, Food and beverage holds a prominent revenue share as it is used for the preparation of cereals, protein bars, snacks, bakery and other products. Leading players of the market such as Glanbia Nutritionals, Mamma Chia, Nutiva Inc, and spectrum organic products are increasing their investment in chia seeds to expand their market and sell diversified product through business strategies. One of the market leader Benexia opened research centre in Europe to advise customer about the proper usage of chia seeds in its various application. Growing trend of healthy lifestyle and diet has made huge contribution towards increasing demand of chia seeds globally and its diversified application. Therefore Chai seed global industry has potential to be termed as highest revenue earning seeds industry.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/agriculture-and-animal-care/seed/SC-104-20.html
Related Reports:
https://www.kenresearch.com/agriculture-and-animal-care/seed/germany-seed-market-research-report/142314-104.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Finsbury Park van terrorist dealt in class A drugs and had to flee their Spanish home over a row with a rival gang, their pals claim.
Fresh allegations about Darren Osborne have emerged days after they were jailed for at least 43 years for driving into Muslim worshippers and killing a bystander.
Osborne, 48, allegedly spent their youth on the Costa Del Sol dealing ecstasy, speed and party drugs while meting out violent attacks. Friends claim they were part of a network of dealers controlled by underworld crime figures in 1991.
Hulking 6ft 4in Osborne is said to have made “hundreds, if not thousands” of pounds each night dealing class A drugs. But they say they had to escape Fuengirola after a bust up with a rival gang.
(Image: PA)
Osborne, 48, from Cardiff, was convicted of murdering dad-of-six Makram Ali, 51, and injuring 12 in Finsbury Park, North London. It emerged they had been deemed a serious risk to public safety 11 years ago after an attack in Swindon, Wilts.
They were jailed for two years after badly breaking a drinking pal's jaw with a weapon. The judge ruled they posed a significant risk of serious harm in the future.
(Image: Getty)
And the killer's own barrister told the court: “What Mr Osborne recognises is that; when in drink, there are occasions where they lose their temper.”
This week the jury took just an hour to see through father-of-four Osborne's “pathetic” lies and convict him. At Cardiff Crown Court Judge Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb slammed them for letting their mind become “poisoned” by right-wing fanatics on the web.
The judge added: “This was a terrorist attack. You intended to kill.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 100 homes in Gloucestershire sold for £1million or more last year, with 2017's most expensive home costing £5.8million.
There were 124 sales at £1million or more in the county, including 12 at £2million or more. This was up from 80 at £1million or more in 2016, as well as up from six at £2million or more.
All of the most expensive were detached homes.
Most expensive Gloucestershire house sales in 2017:
A home in the hamlet of Hampnett, near Northleach, was the most expensive in 2017m selling for £5,750,000 on October 2
A house in Andoversford sold for £3,150,000 on May 12
A home in Little Rissington sold for £2,950,000 on January 20
A home in Malvern Place, Cheltenham sold for £2,600,000 on September 5
A property in Bafford Lane, Charlton Kings sold for £2,450,000 on November 30
A house in The Park, Cheltenham sold for £2,400,000 on April 19
A home in Bibury sold for £2,300,000 on June 1
A property in Painswick sold for £2,255,000 on July 31
According to the Land Registry, 850,282 residential sales have been registered in 2017, down 3 per cent from the 877,307 registered at this point last year for 2016.
Across England and Wales, there were 15,885 sales at £1million or more, up from 14,999 in 2016. This included 2,974 sales at £2million or more, down from 3,039 a year before. There were 369 sales at £5million or more and 77 at £10million or more.
The most expensive property sold in 2017 was Apartment 1101 in the Knightsbridge Apartments at 199 Knightsbridge in Westminster, with the flat going for £90million in April.
The most expensive residential sale taking place in December 2017 was of a terraced property in the City of Westminster for £10,075, 000. The cheapest residential sale in December 2017 was of a terraced property in Llanelli for £15,000.
The Land Registry lists the price paid for every property bought at market value. The data also includes sales under a power of sale/repossessions, buy-to-lets (where they can be identified by a Mortgage) and transfers to non-private individuals. It may take several weeks for sales to be registered after completion so some sales from later in 2017 may not be listed yet.
When we look at the BSE Small Cap index performance over BSE 100 index, small-caps have given higher highs and lower lows. Photo: iStockphoto
As an investor, you always had the choice between the relative stability and long-term growth of large-cap funds, and the potentially higher returns accompanied by higher volatility of small-cap funds. Let's take an objective view of this comparison. This comparison has become more topical now, after fund categorisation norms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). After implementation of the new norms, a large-cap fund can buy only large-cap stocks, defined as the top 100 by market capitalisation. Earlier, as long as the scheme information document (SID) permitted, the fund could buy mid- or small-cap stocks as well. Similarly, small-cap funds will buy only small-cap stocks, defined as 251st and below as per market capitalisation.
To get a perspective on higher returns and higher volatility of small caps over large caps, we have taken the BSE 100 index as the proxy for large caps and BSE Small Cap index as the proxy for small caps. Fund portfolios will be different, so to compute returns, we have taken one-year rolling returns, on a daily basis, over a 10-year period. From 31 March 2008 to 31 March 2009 as the first one-year return data point, returns from 1 April 2008 to 1 April 2009 as the second one-year return data point, and so on, till 31 March 2018.
Over this 10-year period, taking the average of 2,232 data points, the return from BSE 100 is 14.4% and 20.6% for the small-cap index. Since we have an adequate number of data points over a reasonably long period of 10 years, it is established that small caps gave higher returns. The highest return from large caps, on a one-year rolling basis over this 10-year period, is 118.3%, and from small caps 197.5%. Here also we see the outperformance.
But what about volatility? The minimum return from large caps, on a one-year rolling basis, is -39.9%, while for small caps it is -58.6%.
This means that small caps can give you higher highs and lower lows, which is volatility in simple language.
Let's look at one more data point here: median return. The median return from large caps is 11.2%, higher than 7.6% of small caps. This is interesting, because the average return from small caps is higher. This shows that small caps have a higher incidence of lower or negative returns. The average return of small caps is higher by virtue of higher highs.
Fund performance
To look at fund performance, we have taken indices by the Association of Mutual Funds of India (Amfi) for large- and small-cap funds (you can see them on www.amfiindia.com). The large-cap funds index comprises 30 funds and the small- and mid-cap funds basket comprises 32 funds. Over a 10-year period till 31 March 2018, large-cap funds have given a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.6%, but small- and mid-cap funds have outperformed with 14.7% CAGR. This outperformance of small- and mid-cap funds holds true over shorter periods as well. Over five years till 31 March 2018, these funds have delivered 23.7% CAGR against 14.9% of large-cap funds. Over the past three years, it is 12.4% over 7.6%.
This is performance per se. To compare this with the BSE index performance, over 10 years till 31 March 2018, BSE 100 index gave a return of 8.2% CAGR. Which means large-cap funds (10.6% CAGR) have outperformed. The BSE small-cap index has delivered 8% CAGR, and the mid-cap index has delivered 9.5% CAGR, hence small- and mid-cap funds' 14.7% is a good outperformance.
There are, however, imperfections in the comparison above. One, fund portfolios are different and so far, there was no strict definition of large- and small-cap funds. Two, small- and mid-cap fund performance includes mid, small and maybe a bit of large caps as well. Three, BSE indices are index returns only, without dividends.
Takeaways
When we look at the BSE Small Cap index performance over BSE 100 index, small-caps have given higher highs and lower lows, i.e. higher returns with higher volatility. However, when we look at fund performance through Amfi indices, the small- and mid-cap fund index has outperformed the large-cap fund index over all time horizons (1-year, 5-year, 10-year, and others). In the small- and mid-cap space, fund managers have a wide choice of stocks to pick and play with, including under-researched or under-discovered stocks, to outperform.
Small- and mid-cap funds have delivered superior returns, but as long as you have a long enough horizon and some appetite for volatility, you can allocate to large-, mid- and small-cap funds, as per your risk appetite and horizon. The basic tenet of investing—allocation—remains unchanged. You should not allocate to only one segment, even if you have the horizon.
Joydeep Sen is founder, wiseinvestor.in
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two Roma fans have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a Liverpool fan was left fighting for life following an attack near Anfield this evening.
Two men, aged 25 and 26 from Rome, were held last night and are set to be quizzed by officers after the 53-year-old victim was critically injured.
Police were called to the Albert public house at about 7.35pm, prior to the Champions League clash against Roma, following reports that a man, believed to be from Ireland, had been seriously assaulted.
Paramedics attended at the scene and the victim, who suffered a head injury, was taken to Walton Neurological Centre where their condition is described as critical.
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Officers are particularly keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident and have information which could help them with their inquiries to contact them immediately.
Detective Inspector Paul Speight said: “We believe the victim was in Liverpool, with their brother, for the Liverpool v Roma semi-final and was assaulted during an altercation between Roma and Liverpool fans near to the Albert pub at about 7.35pm.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
“Witnesses report that the victim was hit with a belt and then fell to the ground.
"Paramedics treated them at the scene and they were taken by ambulance to Walton Neurological Centre, where they are being treated for a head injury.
(Image: PA)
"His condition is currently described as critical and their next of kin have been informed.
“The place where this incident occurred is right by the ground and was heaving with fans making their way to the game.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"I would appeal to anyone who has any information, or mobile phone footage of the incident to contact us urgently, as information they have could be vital to our investigation.”
Liverpool Football Club said they are "shocked and appalled after a Liverpool supporter was left in a critical condition having been attacked prior to the Champions League fixture against AS Roma."
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
They added: "Our thoughts, in the first instance, are with the victim and their family at this very traumatic time. We will be offering them our full support.
"The club has been liaising with the emergency services since the incident occurred and will continue to do so. "
Everyone knows that it's not the size that counts, it's what you do with it that matters, and it looks like HBO's Game of Thrones is keeping this in mind for its final run. Fans were already left out in the cold when they found out that Season 7 had slashed its usual 10 episode runs to just seven, but then the Valyrian dagger was twisted further as it was revealed that Season 8 would be an abridged finale of only six episodes. Now, in a strange change of fortune, the cast and crew are saying that the show's epic swansong will take even longer to film.
Patience Is A Virtue
We have already heard how Season 8 is raiding the Iron Bank to bring us the most expensive episodes ever, but now various reports are touting a filming schedule that is nearly as lengthy as the Long Night. Speaking to TV Guide, Liam Cunningham teased their return as Ser Davos "Onion Knight" Seaworth and a grueling filming schedule:
“[The episodes are] definitely going to be bigger and what I hear is longer. We're filming right up until the summer. When you think about it, up until last season we'd have six months to do ten episodes, so we're [doing] way more than that for six episodes. So that obviously will translate into longer episodes.”
There is good news though, Cunningham's interview is already teasing longer episodes to make up for that all-too short trip back to the Seven Kingdoms. While it may be a bit grim in the colder climes of the North, it sounds like our stars had better get used to an extended cold snap. However, there may be another reason for a longer filming schedule, as Lord Friendzone Iain Glen told Comic Con Stockholm (via Winter is Coming) that the show is technically down-sizing in its final year. In the past, Thrones has used two (or even three) production units, but with most of the characters no longer with us, and everyone else heading in the same direction, it makes sense to only have the one:
"As we narrowed it down and we're entering this kind of end-game…we're all starting to occupy the same territory. We're all starting to be in the same storylines. I think this last season will take much longer to shoot because they can only use one unit because we're all in the same sort of scenes."
Filming for those still left alive in the realm starts later this month, yet while a usual Thrones shoot would only take until April, Cunningham's claims that they'll be shooting "right up until the summer," doesn't bode well for a timely release. Showrunners David Benioff and D.B. Weiss were already setting aside a year and a half to lovingly craft the end to their ice and fire saga, so all the pieces seem to fit for that rumored long wait until 2019.
Whatever happens, there is some serious talent on board for our final foray into the world of George R.R. Martin. Even if we have to wait until 2029, Game of Thrones Season 8 is sure to be flying its banners high for one hell of a fire-breathing farewell.
Check out where we left Game of Thrones in that shocking finale, and don't forget our poll below:
Poll Are you bothered about the wait for 'Game of Thrones' to return? Yes - I want it now
No - it is worth the wait
Who really cares.
(Source: TV Guide/Winter is Coming)
As A New Gandhi Takes Over, Can India's Opposition Find Its Footing Again?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sam Panthaky/AFP/Getty Images Sam Panthaky/AFP/Getty Images
Rahul Gandhi, the 47-year-old scion of India's Nehru-Gandhi family, takes the helm of the National Congress Party this week, raising questions about the potency of the political opposition in the world's biggest democracy.
Rahul succeeds their mother, Sonia Gandhi, 71, who steps down amid concerns of ill health, and ends a record 19 years as party president.
The Indian National Congress party once controlled almost the entire country. As the beleaguered opposition today, it's been losing state election after election since Prime Minister Narendra Modi and their Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) swept to power in May 2014. The two parties lock horns this week in a closely watched contest in Modi's state of Gujarat to elect a new assembly.
But will the generational shift signal a change in fortune for the lackluster opposition? What's at stake for India if the main opposition continues to be enfeebled?
Rahul Gandhi, 47, is seen as a neophyte, more party mascot than savvy political boss. It's been said that they have neither the charisma of their grandmother, Indira Gandhi, nor the intellect of their great-grandfather, Jawaharlal Nehru, India's first prime minister.
Gandhi, who officially takes over on Saturday, will face the daunting task of restoring the glory — and even relevance — of the party at a time of turmoil in India.
Social activist Harsh Mander says that under the leadership of Modi — a self-proclaimed Hindu nationalist — and the BJP, India "is passing through a very difficult time." One of the biggest challenges for the opposition, Mander says, is combating repression of dissent, and curbing a growing "permissive climate of hate." Dozens of violent incidents, including murder, have been carried out in the name of protecting the cow, which the country's Hindus consider a holy animal.
Asia Hindu Nationalists Stir Up Controversy Over Taj Mahal Hindu Nationalists Stir Up Controversy Over Taj Mahal Listen · 4:27 4:27
Mander says in the face of such intimidation, it's critical for the opposition to find its voice. While they say he's willing to give Rahul Gandhi a chance, they worry that they will "continue to be advised to be cautious" and pursue a more ambiguous stand. Gandhi has been criticized for playing to the BJP's Hindutva strengths, paying visits to an unusual number of Hindu shrines during the campaign in Gujarat.
Gandhi was the only candidate for the party's top post, a nomination they won unanimously. Critics condemn the Congress party's dynastic character; Modi rode to office deriding the party as out of touch and undemocratic, and handed Congress the biggest loss in its 132-year history.
Modi on Monday wished Rahul a "fruitful tenure" as the sixth Gandhi to become president of the Congress party. Last week, they declared, "Those who have no internal democracy can't work for [the] people."
But Neelanjan Sircar, a senior fellow at the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi, says the Congress party has no real mechanism to move ground level leaders up the ranks. In addition, they say competing factions within the Congress party could tear it apart. Although Gandhi may not be ideal, Sircar says it may be difficult to hold the party together without him.
But expecting a relatively young Gandhi to be a magnet for the youth vote may disappoint. Many of India's young reject politics that smacks of elitism and exclusion. Inheriting political office or consolidating power around one family offends their sense of meritocracy.
But others point out that dynastic politics are hardly limited to the Congress party: The Samajwadi Party that until recently governed Uttar Pradesh, the largest state in India, deployed dynastic practices to field family members in contested seats during election time. Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay, author of Narendra Modi: The Man, The Times, calls dynastic rule a "remnant of the feudal culture."
Rahul Gandhi has been sharpening their skills for the thrust and parry of Indian politics. While they can't compete with Modi's oratory, The Mint newspaper reports that despite no ground game in Gujarat, the Congress Party has "emerged as a contender. "It is Modi's BJP that appears nervous.
Still, Neelanjan Sircar of the Centre for Policy Research says the opposition is failing to frame adequate answers to fundamental questions. "This is an ugly time," Sircar says, "there is no way of sugarcoating it."
They say the BJP, for example, promotes a notion of nationhood that relies heavily on a Hindu identity. Commentator Shekhar Gupta sees "unapologetic, overt religiosity" melding with a new nationalism.
Sircar says the opposition Congress party, which is secular, is not even debating an alternate conception of what it means to be Indian. It's only reacting attacks on India as a secular state.
Meanwhile, they point out that some opposition politicians won't appear alongside Muslim leaders for fear it will politically harm them. "The idea that politicians are now afraid to represent a secular identity, says something about where we are as a country," says Sircar.
What it says is that Modi's BJP has managed to frame the terms of the national debate, and the Congress party opposition must enter its new era asserting a compelling and countervailing vision.
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The failure to help children of hard-drinking parents is putting lives in danger, MPs will say on Wednesday.
The warning comes as a cross-party alliance launches its manifesto to help the 2.6million children being brought up by alcoholic parents.
The blueprint calls for a national strategy for children of alcoholics, action to curtail the promotion of booze, better funding and more education about the dangers of heavy drinking.
It also says the government should bring in a minimum price for alcohol and introduce a new legal obligation on councils and NHS to identify the scale of the problem in their area and report every year on what they are doing to help the children of hard-drinking parents.
The manifesto has been drawn up by the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Children of Alcoholics led by Liam Byrne MP and is being backed by actor Geraldine James and the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby.
(Photo: Getty)
In an introduction Rt Rev Welby writes of the lonely experience of growing up with an alcoholic father.
“My experience, whether easier or more difficult than that of others, was fairly difficult. One of the things I missed most was the company of others who understood the issue,” they write.
The manifesto says children brought up by an alcoholic are four times more likely to become alcoholics themselves, three times more likely to consider suicide and five times more likely to develop eating disorders.
“At the moment there is a patchwork of poorly-funded and disjointed support services at a local level that are failing to reach enough children of alcoholics.
“This cannot be allowed to continue - it endangers too many children.
(Photo: Getty)
“The Government should take responsibility for supporting children of alcoholics.
“Children of alcoholics are currently a forgotten part of the Government's stance on alcohol. This means children of alcoholics should be properly recognised within existing alcohol policy and mental health services,” the report says.
Mr Byrne said: “This is a breakthrough moment. The Government has agreed a plan is needed – and today we put that plan on the table. It's a hard hitting plan for real change that will make a world of difference for Britain's 2.6 million innocent victims of drink.”
Shadow Health Secretary Jonathan Ashworth MP, who recently spoke about their experiences of their late father's drinking, added: “As shadow Health Secretary supporting children of alcoholics is a personal priority and crusade.
(Photo: Getty)
“I pay tribute to Liam Byrne and the Party Parliamentary Group on Children of Alcoholics for their groundbreaking and inspirational work in producing this manifesto for children of alcoholics.
“The policy pledges in this manifesto must be taken seriously by health policymakers and will make a real difference in combatting this hidden stigma. We are sending a message to the 2.6 million children of alcoholics that they need not suffer in silence.”
Hilary Henriques, chief executive of the National Association of Children of Alcoholics, said: “In one short year Liam Byrne has put children of alcoholics at the top of the agenda. He's achieved what they set out to do, to get everyone talking properly about alcoholism and the needs of children of alcoholics, who are more than extensions of their parent's problems.
“We've been listening to these children for 26 years and know how important listening is and how much more important it is to be heard. Launching the Manifesto means that many more of the 2.6million children will be heard and know they are not alone.”
In 2019, Plymouth will begin to loose jobs and tax revenue when the Pilgrim Nuclear Power Plant closes. A new proposal won't bring back the jobs, but could restore the revenue. In response to a Massachusetts law to promote energy diversity, a Canadian company, Emera, proposes an undersea cable transmitting wind and hydro generated electricity 374 miles from New Brunswick to Plymouth. When the Plymouth plant closes, its miles of transmission lines connecting to the New England grid will remain. Emera proposes to connect to them. The company has negotiated a real estate deal with Pilgrim owner Energy Corporation to build a converter station on 20 acres of the Plymouth site. Tuesday night Emera executives promised Plymouth Selectmen the operation would produce little noise and light pollution.
WATD's Charles Mathewson has this report:
Reach Thousands of Potential Customers on The South Shore and Beyond! Call WATD Today for More Info on Radio and Internet Advertising: (781) 837-1166
Advertising
July 4 (UPI) -- Poland's chief Supreme Court justice stood on the courthouse steps with hundreds of supporters Wednesday in opposition to a new law forcing members of the panel to retire at 65.
The new law, which took effect midnight Tuesday, lowered the mandatory retirement age down from 70. It forces the retirement of about 40 percent of the Supreme Court's justices -- 27 out of 73.
"We emphasize our attachment to the rules of a democratic state," Chief Justice Malgorzata Gersdorf said before entering the Warsaw courthouse.
They called the new law a "purge" of justices, which could see the ruling Law and Justice Party seize control of the high court. The law also establishes a disciplinary chamber, which The New York Times said the governing party could use to intimidate judges.
Party leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski said Gersdorf is "doomed to fail miserably."
On Monday, the European Union launched legal action against Poland for the new law, saying it threatened judicial independence.
"Every EU country has the right to develop its judicial system according to its own traditions," Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told the European Parliament on Wednesday.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Michael Carrick has revealed they will make a "big announcement" about their Manchester United future.
The midfielder is out of contract in the summer after signing a 12-month extension in the summer.
Pictures emerged of Carrick filming at Old Trafford amid speculation over their future, reports the Manchester Evening News.
But any imminent announcement is likely to be confirmation of a testimonial, rather than the news they will again be extending their time in Manchester.
The 35-year-old is in the middle of their 11th campaign at Old Trafford after signing from Tottenham in July 2006.
Carrick has enjoyed a hugely successful decade with United winning five Premier League titles, the Champions League, FA Cup and League Cup.
And reports emerged at the weekend that they were to be granted a testimonial for their service to the club.
In the first part of Carrick's Instagram story, the midfielder wrote: ‘Filming today for a big announcement coming soon!!'
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: John Peters)
They also showcased their love for the club they have represented with such distinction, adding: "Such a privilege to play for Manchester United! Love everything about this club. Honoured to of played with some special players!"
The midfielder has featured heavily under Jose Mourinho, making 18 appearances since forcing their way back into the side in October, although they were an unused sub against Leicester and Watford after being withdrawn at half time in the Premier League meeting with Hull City.
Mourinho has spoken highly of Carrick's talents, but has bemoaned the fact that they have only had the chance to manage them in the twlight of their professional playing career.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Michael Carrick plays classic prank on school kid Share this video Watch Next
Speaking earlier this month, the United boss said:“Let's be honest. I have seen many positives in Carrick. But I cannot go to their identity card and delete five years.
“Michael is not 30.”
Carrick is closing in on 450 appearances for the Reds in all competitions and has admitted they are taking their coaching badges.
Israel on Sunday ruled that it would not release to their families the bodies of Hamas militants killed during attacks on Israelis but would instead bury them, the government said.
The decision by the security cabinet followed the release on Saturday by the Palestinian group of video footage showing a mock birthday party for Israeli soldier Oron Shaul, believed by the army to have been killed in the 2014 Gaza war.
“The political-security cabinet discussed standing policy on treatment of the bodies of Hamas terrorists killed during terror attacks and decided that they will not be returned but will be buried,” a statement posted on Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's official Twitter account said.
It did not elaborate on the burial plan but said that the same meeting discussed ways of getting back the remains of soldiers killed in the 2014 Gaza war and obtaining the release of two Israeli civilians missing in Gaza and believed to be held by Hamas.
The statement said ministers adopted a “plan of action”, but gave no details.
In the past, Israel has buried the bodies of slain militants at secret locations in remote parts of the country.
Hamas's military wing, the Al-Qassam Brigades, said in a New Year's Eve statement that it had posted online “two video clips to mark the 23rd birthday of the Zionist soldier and prisoner Oron Shaul”.
The Israeli army believes that another soldier, Hadar Goldin, was killed along with Shaul two years ago and that Hamas holds their bodies as potential bargaining chips.
In September, a senior Israeli official said that Israel had been holding since the 2014 Gaza war 18 Palestinians from the enclave as well as the bodies of 19 others and “offered to swap them for the bodies of the two Israeli soldiers”.
But Lior Lotan, who is in charge of prisoners and missing persons, said at the time that Hamas rejected the offer.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is set to replace Love Island but can Channel 5's Make or Break really give us a new Kember? Or even a new Chris and Olivia?
Eight couples have been thrown together on a Mexican tropical paradise and producers plan to test the couples to breaking point to see if their relationship will last the distance.
Party boy Stephen and more reserved Abbi are determined to prove they are right for each other - even if it is just for themselves. After Stephen got a bit flirty with girls in Vegas, which led to a temporary break up, Abbi is determined to see if their man of five years is the one.
Can Stephen shake their playboy image? Is what they have worth fighting for? Here's what the couple have to say:
ABBI, 24, STEVENAGE
(Image: Elephant House Studios)
Hair Extension Technician
Describe your partner in three words...
 They are spontaneous, out of the box and very bubbly.
How did you meet?
We met at one of Stephen's events. I added them on Facebook, had a little stalk. We started chatting then they turned up at my work one day and it went from there.
Who said I love you first?
Me. I always say I love you. Stephen doesn't show any emotions.  They are a man's man, a bit of banter, that's him. They says ‘I love you' on texts or when they are drunk, but they find it hard to be verbal.
What are Stephen's best points?
Personality.  They are probably too chatty sometimes! They never wants anyone to feel uncomfortable or awkward so they always try to make someone feel at ease.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
What are Stephen's bad points?
They can be a like a parrot and they don't stop talking, but it's good in another way. He's very lazy and they rely on me way too much.
Why did you want to go on the show?
We thought it was something a little bit different. We do have a bit of a crazy life but we thought it will be good to go there and it'll be just me and him.
What issues did you want to iron out in your relationship?
Right at the start of our relationship, Stephen started a concierge business in Las Vegas. I think they had their cake and ate it really. They were in the sun with girls in bikinis. I went on their phone, as you do, because I had a gut feeling. I found out about these parties with girls staying there and we split up. A few months down the line they came back, he'd grown up a bit and we got back together. Then we've been happy ever after.
What did you think when you saw where you'd be staying?
It was amazing. I couldn't believe where we were. It was a tropical island. I didn't hit reality until the end when we went home. It was beautiful but it is a shame we didn't get to spend much time together and only spent time with other people's partners!
What was going through your mind when Paul (Paul Dolan – Happiness expert and Professor of Behavioural Science) told you what would be happening?
I had to go first! I had never met these people, and they were like, ‘Right Abbi, you pick first'. These girls are going to think I am horrible whatever boyfriend I pick.
And what about Louise (Louise Mazanti) the sex therapist?
The first sexual therapy we had with Louise was the most awkward thing I've done in my life! They said, ‘I need you to act out what you want Stephen to do to you in the bedroom'. I could have died! I just broke down crying. I was like, ‘I can't do this'
STEPHEN, 32, STEVENAGE
(Image: Elephant House Studios)
Events Manager
Describe your partner in three words...
Loyal, stunning and opinionated.
How did you meet?
I was holding an event in Stevenage. Abbi came along with a few of their friends and they caught my eye. I got their number by the end of the night and it went from there really.
What are Abbi's best points?
Them loyalty to me.  They are polite, they are considerate, they are honest. Honesty is a big one.
What are Abbi's bad points?
Sometimes they are quite gullible, they don't use their common sense.
Why did you want to go on the show?
I thought it would be nice for me and Abbi to go somewhere away from the hustle and bustle of business and stress. It would be nice to go somewhere secluded and spend time with them
(Image: Publicity Picture)
What issues did you want to iron out in your relationship?
I have a concierge business in Las Vegas and I ended up at an after party in Vegas. A few girls came back and I ended up doing something with one of them. Abbi went through my phone and found evidence of that and we ended up splitting for three months. The trust had been broken in the past, so another reason to come on the show was to rebuild that trust.
Did you set any ground rules before arriving?
We didn't realise we would be swapped with other couples. It was a massive shock when we got there and Paul started saying, ‘You're on a break'. It was a bit mad really. We didn't get a chance to set any ground rules, we were just thrown in at the deep end.
What did you think when you saw where you'd be staying?
It was amazing. When we walked in we were like, ‘Wow'. When we saw the huts we thought everyone was going to have their own hut and do challenges, so we were quite content.
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would be happening?
It was mad. Abbi had to go first because they were ‘A'. I nudged them to pick someone I thought we would get on with so they took the pressure off me!
Did you think you'd last the distance on the show?
I know that I wanted to stay in there. We were told that we were going to be in it from start to finish. We didn't think it was a case of being told to go home.
And what about Louise the sex therapist?
I thought Louise was a kinky one, they loved it! They were always trying to spice things up. I think they were just doing their job and they are naturally a flirty, sexy person.
Cybertraining Election Officials For This Year's Voting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
If anyone knows how easily voting can be disrupted, it's a county election supervisor in the state of Florida. That's one reason several dozen of them gathered in Orlando recently to discuss ways to protect against the most recent threat — cyberattacks by Russia or others intent on disrupting U.S. elections.
Marion County elections supervisor Wesley Wilcox said they realize the threat has evolved far beyond the butterfly ballots and hanging chads that upended the 2000 presidential race. And even beyond the lone hacker.
"It's no longer the teenager in their basement eating Cheetos that's trying to get into my system," said Wilcox. "There are now nation states that are, in a coordinated effort, trying to do something."
CIA Director Mike Pompeo is the latest intelligence official to warn the Russians will likely try to interfere in this year's elections, as they did in 2016. And Florida was among at least 21 states that intelligence agencies say had their election systems probed by Russian hackers during the last election cycle.
There's no evidence that any votes were affected, but everyone at the Orlando meeting was well aware that they're now on the front lines of a serious international conflict.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
Elections How To Protect The Next Election From Hacking How To Protect The Next Election From Hacking Listen · 3:51 3:51
"The reality is all of us are going to be impacted at some point in time by a cyber incident. All of us," Matt Masterson, chairperson of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission, told the group. Their agency is working with states and localities to beef up election security.
Masterson displayed a news article about hackers targeting nuclear facilities to drive home the significance of the threat.
"I share this because you're now in good company," they said. "As part of the nation's critical infrastructure, you're now in a group with nuclear facilities."
The Department of Homeland Security last year designated elections as part of the nation's critical infrastructure.
Since 2000, most jurisdictions have replaced their old equipment with more computerized systems, including electronic voting machines, vote tabulators and on-line registration systems. Ryan Macias of the Election Assistance Commission said new technology carries new risks and vulnerabilties.
"We have denial of service, which is a disruption attack, your website going down," they said, noting that if that happens on Election Day, it can shake voter confidence, even if no actual votes have been changed.
They said it's also important to make sure that vendors and contractors are using secure systems. And to screen temporary election workers who might have access to sensitive information and passwords.
Ransomware is another problem. "What happens if somebody takes your data, takes your election night reporting data, and holds it ransom on election night?" Macias asked. "What are you going to do? How are you going to recover from that? What are you backup processes?"
The election supervisors and some of their IT staffers broke into small groups to work out their responses to several hypothetical attacks. They had to figure out whom to call first, how to contain the damage and whom to tell about the incident. Should law enforcement be informed?
"Alright, so it appears one of our employees has been successfully phished," Will Boyett, of the Alachua County elections office, said in presenting one of the scenarios.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
Phishing attacks are something most of the people in the room are very familiar with. According to a leaked intelligence report, Russian hackers, posing as a Florida vendor, tried to get local election office workers to open e-mail attachments containing malicious software. So far, there's no evidence anyone did.
It was clear that many of those gathering in Orlando already have protections in place and are well aware of the risks. But some county election offices are extremely small, with no IT staff of their own. Dana Southerland runs elections in Taylor County, which has only 13,000 voters. They said they picked up some useful tips, such as changing passwords and being careful about opening e-mails.
"Making sure that it's not a phishing e-mail or something like that. I had no idea what that was until we started having some of these workshops," they said.
Southerland — who is also President of the Florida State Association of Supervisors of Elections and helped organize the session — said perhaps the most important message is that no one is immune from attack, and they have to be prepared.
You're up for snacks, a bathroom break or just a change of scenery during the Super Bowl, and you don't want to miss any of the action. DTS offers an easy way to always hear the commentary, via a feature than enables whole-home TV audio streaming. The capability can be found in select sound bars and all-in-one speakers, which through a free software update lets you broadcast audio from any connected source, such as a TV, to other DTS Play-Fi speakers in the home.
The new whole-home TV audio feature synchronizes speakers to each other and to the video source, creating lip-synch accurate multi-room playback without an echo. The update is currently available for the following DTS Play-Fi-enabled products:
Klipsch Gate receiver
Klipsch PowerGate amplifier
Klipsch RSB-8 sound bar
Klipsch RSB-14 sound bar
Klipsch RW-1 speaker
Klipsch The Capitol Three speaker
Klipsch The Three speaker
McIntosh MB50 streaming audio player
Onkyo Smart Speaker G3
Paradigm PW LINK pre-amplifier
Phorus PS10 speaker
Pioneer Elite Smart Speaker F4
Polk S6 speaker
“We are excited to add whole-home TV audio streaming to the DTS Play-Fi ecosystem, allowing consumers to broadcast audio from their TV to other speakers without an echo or compromised video synchronization,” says Dannie Lau, general manager, DTS Play-Fi, at Xperi. “Whether you're hosting a big game watch party, or just listening to your favorite show while cooking, DTS Play-Fi provides a no-compromise whole-home experience for TV listening. Additional DTS Play-Fi partners will incorporate the technology into their DTS Play-Fi enabled products this year, giving consumers even more flexibility when selecting their home theater products.”
DTS Play-Fi technology enables lossless multi-room wireless audio streaming on any supported product from the world's most popular music services including Amazon Music, Deezer, iHeartRadio, Juke, KKBox, Napster, Pandora, Qobuz, QQ Music, SiriusXM, Spotify and TIDAL, thousands of Internet radio stations, as well as personal music libraries. In addition, DTS Play-Fi features advance streaming functionality like wireless surround sound, stereo pairing, music station presets, and audio/video synchronization.
The DTS Play-Fi ecosystem features the largest collection of products in the whole-home wireless audio space, with more than 200 interoperable speakers, sound bars, set-top boxes, and A/V receivers from the top names in premium audio including Aerix, Anthem, Arcam, Definitive Technology, DISH TV, Elite, Integra, Fusion Research, Klipsch, MartinLogan, McIntosh, Onkyo, Paradigm, Phorus, Pioneer, Polk Audio, Rotel, Sonus faber, Soundcast, SVS Sound, THIEL Audio and Wren Sound.
Does Preschool Pay Off? Tulsa Says Yes
Enlarge this image Chelsea Beck/NPR Chelsea Beck/NPR
In 2001, not long after Oklahoma had adopted one of the nation's first universal pre-K programs, researchers from Georgetown University began tracking kids who came out of the program in Tulsa, documenting their academic progress over time.
In a new report published in the Journal of Policy Analysis and Management today, researchers were able to show that Tulsa's pre-K program has significant, positive effects on students' outcomes and well-being through middle school.
The program, which serves seven out of 10 4-year-olds in Tulsa, has attracted lots of national attention over the years because of the on-going debate over the benefits of preschool and whether those benefits are long-lasting. William Gormley, a professor of public policy at Georgetown and one of the lead researchers, says the Tulsa findings offer convincing and compelling evidence that they are.
Here's our conversation, edited for length:
Why is this study a big deal?
Because it's the first long-term study of a universal pre-K program that shows how kids benefit.
Four-year-olds were more likely to do well in reading, math and science as they moved up in grade. They were less likely to be held back or need special education, less likely to need remediation and more likely to enroll in gifted or honors programs.
We hypothesize that a key reason for this is that elementary and middle school teachers have ratcheted up the academic rigor and quality of instruction because these kids were much better prepared [compared to students who weren't enrolled in preschool]. Classroom instruction then becomes more stimulating and beneficial to students.
Teachers tell us they can spot a pre-K alumnus a mile away because that child is better prepared to learn.
What exactly did you measure?
We decided to look at a wide range of potential outcomes that the school district had good data on, deep into the middle school years. They included standardized test scores, letter grades, attendance, special education placement, whether students were in honors courses or gifted programs, suspension and retention rates.
In earlier findings, the kids in your study were also more likely to be engaged in class, less timid, more confident, with one glaring exception: black boys. By middle school, they're not doing as well as their white or Latino peers.
The results for African-American kids are not as promising in the long term as the results for members of other ethnic and racial groups. Other research, including studies of Head Start, reached similar conclusions. But one big important finding for all kids in Tulsa's pre-K program, including black students, is that they were less likely to be retained in grade.
That's a really big, important finding because retention is closely associated with negative outcomes like weak academic performance, dropping out of school, higher crime rates, and lower earnings later in life.
Still, Hispanic kids do benefit more in the longer run compared to black children. For example, the principal beneficiaries of pre-K were English language learners. Their reading gains, in particular, were phenomenal after only nine months of being in Tulsa's pre-K program.
You say that one major factor in kids' overall success is that the Tulsa program is of really "high quality." How do you define high quality?
There are two different ways to measure pre-K quality. The first way is to focus on the education level [of preschool teachers] and student-teacher ratios in the classroom. Those things look very good in the Tulsa program. Every teacher has at least a bachelors degree and is early childhood-certified. They get paid the same as a regular [elementary school] teacher.
But the proof in the pudding is to see what's going on inside classrooms. In Tulsa, the legal requirement is that you have one teacher for every 10 students in the classroom.
What about funding?
We estimate that the cost of full-day pre-K in Tulsa is $10,000 per student. The latest data shows that the long-term benefits of the Tulsa program exceed the short-term costs by at least two to one in current dollars.
In other words, taxpayers should be reassured that their investment in universal pre-K is paying off. But can a high-quality program somehow "inoculate" children from academic failure?
Well, that's a tough question.
A lot of students, especially disadvantaged students, suffer from low self-esteem. They do not think of themselves as being successful. That's when a high-quality pre-K can be enormously important.
We don't necessarily know what's going on inside children's heads to account for their success. We don't know what's going on inside individual elementary and middle school classrooms that help sustain these successes. What we do know is that Tulsa's pre-K program is producing lasting dividends for students down the road.
Is Oklahoma's universal preschool program a model for the nation?
Yes, because Oklahoma has demonstrated a very strong commitment to pre-K over two decades. It has enormous public support so it would be hard to terminate it because ordinary folks know the program is doing wonderful things for their kids.
Will your findings from Tulsa change the national debate about the long-term benefits of preschool, both real and perceived?
There's been enormous interest in the Tulsa pre-K program for the past decade. That's because it was adopted by a very poor state, a rather conservative state and it continues to produce positive outcomes for kids.
The Tulsa findings highlight the importance of quality, the importance of recruiting and retaining really good teachers. They've been trained extremely well. They've been allowed to devote more time to literacy, math and science.
Whether that will continue is uncertain because the state of Oklahoma has [recently] chosen to underfund K-12 education and that's regrettable.
It means that unless Oklahoma chooses to invest more in education, some of these significant gains will dissipate.
As for our research, our next study will look at the impact of Tulsa's preschool program on high school students' performance.
Wait, we're already halfway through August? Yikes. Before the weather gets cold, check out this week's concert line up. As always, Denver will be hosting multiple national acts in many of the city's famous venues as well as numerous local acts spread out across the city. Use this week's concert guide to support local Colorado talent or one of Denver's multiple venues. Either way, you won't be disappointed.
Monday, August 14
Recommended: Logic w/ Joey Bada$$, Big Lenbo @ Red Rocks
Logic was gone for a minute but he's back now and will be playing Red Rocks to kick off the week. Logic is coming off the 2017 release of their latest album Everybody. The east coast chopper is known for their energetic lyricism and their abilities behind the microphone as an MC. With support from rappers Joey Bada$$ and Big Lenbo, this will be a bumping Red Rocks show. Be logical and get tickets.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Hold Close w/ In My Room @ The Moon Room at Summit Music Hall
Barbarian w/ Peucharist, Nekrofilth, Morgue Whore @ Lost Lake
Tuesday, August 15
Recommended: Ed Sheeran w/ James Blunt @ The Pepsi Center
If you're looking for some recognizable songs to dance around to, catch Ed Sheeran at the Pepsi Center on Tuesday. The English singer-songwriter is headed to the 303 with fellow English singer-songwriter, James Blunt. Sheeran is known for their musical diversity and their ability to perform both with a band and by himself. In 2017, Sheeran released their sixth studio album, Divide. The two acts will have the crowd singing along to all of their hits and you can be a part of that crowd.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Mew w/ Monakr @ The Bluebird Theater
The Melvins w/ Spotlights @ The Gothic Theatre
Young The Giant w/ Cold War Kids & Joywave @ Red Rocks
Talking Dreads w/ Special Guests @ Cevantes' Other Side
Post/War @ Larimer Lounge
Laney Jones and The Spirits @ Lost Lake
The Lituation @ Hi-Dive
“Keyboard Counterpoint” w/ Neil Bridge & Steve Denny @ Dazzle Jazz
Open Mic w/ Soul Daddy and Their Band @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
Freddy & Francine w/ Matt Skinner (of Tallgrass) @ Globe Hall
Wednesday, August 16
Recommended: Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue w/ The Record Company, Jamestown Revival @ Red Rocks
There's no better way to spend a Wednesday than at Red Rocks. This Wednesday, Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue will be headed out to Morrison to rock the Rocks. Trombone Shorty's music is diverse, fun and funky as fuck. In addition to Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue, The Record Company and Jamestown Revival are on the bill as well. We had the chance to sit down with Trombone Shorty last week, so check out that interview here and be sure to grab some tickets to the show.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
A Hundred Suns w/ Fox Lake, Samsara (CO), Too Many Humans @ The Moon Room at Summit Music Hall
Phaeleh w/ SuperVision, Mux Mool, Mikey Thunder, Jubee @ Cervantes' Other Side
Unwritten Law w/ Lost In Society @ Larimer Lounge
Hangman's Hymnal w/ The Claudettes, Kerry Pastine & The Crime Scene @ Lost Lake
Møme @ Bar Standard
Eliane Elias Quartet (2 Sets) @ Dazzle Jazz
Moderno Afro Cubano @ Nocturne Jazz
Aurelio Vultaire + Bella Morte w/ Radio Scarlet, DJ's Mr. & Mrs. Hoodbats @ 3 Kings Tavern
The Whiskey Gentry @ Goosetown Tavern
Tokyo Rodeo w/ The Federalists, Last Chance Texaco @ Globe Hall
David Cook w/ Kathryn Dean @ Soiled Dove Underground
Yosh and Yimmy w/ Jimmy Willden, Chainsaw Rodeo, Rachel and The Callgirls @ Herman's Hideaway
Thursday, August 17
Recommended: Snailmate w/ The Milk Blossoms, Pretty Mouth, Princess Declaw @ Seventh Circle Music Collective
What happens when you mix an Arizona based electro rock group with three local Denver acts? You get one killer show at Seventh Circle Music Collective. Temple, Arizona band Snailmate are making a stop at Denver's DIY music space with support from all local acts. The Milk Blossoms, Pretty Mouth and Princess Dewclaw are all making moves in the Denver music scene. This show will be a great way to support up-and-coming talent. Oh, and it's free.
More info here.
Also see…
Ray Reed w/ NaPalm, Connor Ray, Yung June, 2une Godi, Special Guests DJ KTone, DJ Topshelf, DJ Squizzy Taylor @ The Bluebird Theater
Robert Randolph and The Family Band @ The Gothic Theatre
The Piano Guys @ Red Rocks
The Ongoing Concept w/ Eidola, Save Us From The Archon @ The Moon Room at Summit Music Hall
Lyle Divinsky's Soul Survivors w/ The Deer, Drunken Frenchmen ft. Special Guests @ Cervantes' Other Side
Big Dopes w/ Card Catalog @ Larimer Lounge
Height Keech w/ Curta, Felix Fast4ward, Mirror Fears @ Lost Lake
The Shivas w/ the band ICE CREAM, The Kinky Fingers @ Hi-Dive
Feed Me + No Mana @ Beta Nightclub
Rajdulari @ Dazzle Jazz
Allout Helter w/ Special Guests @ 3 Kings Tavern
Ghost Tapes w/ Twin Flame Medicine @ Globe Hall
Korby Lenker, Jeff Cramer, Ali Sperry @ The Walnut Room
Jon Wayne & The Pain + Mile High Allstars w/ Stinky Gringros, Audic Empire, P-Nuckle @ Herman's Hideaway
The Haunted Windchimes w/ Edison @ Levitt Pavilion
Friday, August 18
Recommended: Slightly Stoopid w/ Iration, J Boog, The Movement @ Red Rocks
Kick back, relax and enjoy some reggae vibes. Slightly Stoopid, Iration, J Boog and The Movement will be performing at Red Rocks on Friday in a show that will have you grooving down to your soul. All four acts on the roster know how to jam out in the most infectious way. We guarantee you will be dancing and smiling through the whole show. End the work week the right way.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Kill Paris w/ V!RTU, Joyzu @ The Gothic Theatre
Idina Menzel @ Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre
Diverje + Kill Minus Nine (CD Release) w/ eHpH, Midnight Marionettes @ The Moon Room at Summit Music Hall
John “JoJo” Hermann of Widespread Panic w/ Naughty Professor and Special Guests @ Cervantes' Masterpiece
The Rocket Summer w/ 888 @ The Marquis Theatre
Tethys w/ The Caveat, Ritual of Ascension, We Are William @ Larimer Lounge
Pink Hawks (Album Release) w/ Kitty Crimes @ Lost Lake
Ages and Ages w/ Jennifer Niceley @ Hi-Dive
Moody Good @ Beta Nightclub
Project Pablo @ Bar Standard
City and Colour @ The Paramount Theatre
Jux County ft. Julie Monley, Colin Bricker (Evening Set) @ Dazzle Jazz
Little Creatures ft. Julie Monley (Late Set) @ Dazzle Jazz
Eli Young Band @ Grizzly Rose
Charly Beaux & The Broken Band w/ The Raritans, Near Dusk @ 3 Kings Tavern
Mr. Majestyk's 8 Track Revival w/ DJ Alf @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
Weaponizer (LP Release) w/ Throne of Belial, Rotstrotter, Chemically Crippled @ Seventh Circle Music Collective
Elizabeth Rose @ Goosetown Tavern
Stereo No Aware w/ Open To The Hound, Cocordian, Wazee @ Globe Hall
Love Stallion, The Hits, A Thousand Frames @ The Walnut Room
KALIMBA – The Spirit of Earth, Wind and Fire @ Herman's Hideaway
My Body Sings Electric w/ Chemistry Club @ Levitt Pavilion
Saturday, August 19
Recommended: Gov't Mule & Yonder Mountain String Band w/ Marcus King Band @ Red Rocks
You can never see enough Red Rocks shows. That being said, Gov't Mule & Yonder Mountain String Band will be an excellent addition to your “shows I've seen at Red Rocks” list. The concert will definitely be diverse. Gov't Mule and Marcus King Band will have their blues rock sound balanced by the gentle folk sounds of the Yonder Mountain String Band (who are also local). Catch this show for a rockin' weekend.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Gov't Mule & Yonder Mountain String Band w/ Marcus King Band @ Red Rocks
Foghat, Eddie Money (Jeff Foxworthy & Larry The Cable Guy) @ Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre
The Black Dhalia Murder w/ Special Guests @ Summit Music Hall
Tatanka w/ Red Sage (Album Release Show), OffSteady (Late Set), I Conscious (PATIO SET), Selecta Razja @ Cervantes' Other Side
Cat Power (Late Set) @ The Marquis Theatre
S1LENCER w/ Fat Lee, Johnny James, Six O' clock, Poedic & Nexkin, Travellers Music, UFO (CO), DJ Mr Willis @ Larimer Lounge
Throttlebomb w/ Master Ferocious, Smolder and Burn @ Lost Lake
Bad Licks, Last of The Easy Riders, Extra Gold, Eye and The Arrow @ Hi-Dive
Ron Miles & Rudy Royston Quintet (2 Sets) @ Dazzle Jazz
The Lurchers, Grass, Night Of The Living Shred @ 3 Kings Tavern
La Pompe Jazz (Morning Set) @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
Brazilian Girls w/ Fun Factory (Night Set) @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
Joe Strummer Tribute Night @ Goosetown Tavern
LYFTD w/ Impact @ Globe Hall
Daphne Willis w/ Decibel Sound Company, Larry Nix @ The Walnut Room
School of Rock Denver Tributes (2 Sets) @ Soiled Dove Underground
Lowdown w/ End of Eves, Corrupt Carnage, ONE FROM NONE, Lord Sandwich @ Herman's Hideaway
Smooth Hound Smith w/ Anthony Ruptak & The Midnight Friends @ Levitt Pavilion
Sunday, August 20
Recommended: Die Antwoord @ Red Rocks
Do we really need to say more? Round out the week in the craziest way possible by attending Die Antwoord's debut Red Rocks performance on Sunday. Die Antwoord, the eccentric South African hip-hop group, are known for their incredibly unique image and music to match. It's always great to see artists move up in venue sizes when they perform in Colorado, and Die Antwoord has done just that. From the Ogden to Red Rocks, Die Antwoord is sure to put on a show.
Get tickets here.
Also see…
Drayco McCoy w/ SIDMFKID, Trip Phontaine, Staxx, Awka @ The Moon Room at Summit Music Hall
The Schwag @ The Marquis Theatre
Downtown Boys w/ Surf Mom, Cheap Perfume @ Larimer Lounge
Pig @ Beta Nightclub
Ron Miles & Rudy Royston Quintet (2 Sets) @ Dazzle Jazz
La Pompe Jazz (Morning Set) @ Ophelia's Electric Soapbox
Denver Beatniks w/ The Skeleton Crew @ Globe Hall
Want to get this list before everyone else?
Denver, you've waited long enough, it's time to make a spectacle of yourselves. Warby Parker is opening its first Denver location in Cherry Creek on Saturday, April 28.
“Nearly six years after first stopping in Denver with our Class Trip — a mobile store in the form of a yellow school bus — we're excited to finally put down roots in such a notable junction of innovation, alongside many like-minded startups and companies we admire,” said co-founder and co-CEO Neil Blumenthal. “With all the art galleries, events like the Cherry Creek Art Festival, and great shops in the area, our newest location is in good company.”
Cherry Creek marks the company's second location in Colorado, following its Boulder opening last year. The new store will be reminiscent of a classic library, including a reference desk for frame adjustments and order pickups. Warby Parker's entire collection of glasses and sunglasses will be displayed on oak shelving alongside foldable cases, illustrated lens cloths and books from a few of the company's favorite independent presses. Celebrated illustrator, Ben Wiseman, was also commissioned to create the artwork — a vibrant scene of bespectacled profiles against the classic Warby Parker blue backdrop.
Warby Parker was founded by four friends with a simple mission — to cut out the middleman and sell high quality, beautifully designed eyeglasses at a reasonable price. What started as an e-commerce venture in 2010 has expanded to include more than 65 retail locations across the US and Canada, an optical lab in upstate New York and two apps — one to shop for glasses and sunglasses, and the other to get an updated prescription without leaving home.
To celebrate their arrival in Denver, the company is releasing a pair of Denver-exclusive sunglasses — Downing Large in Crystal Aqua with Flash Mirrored Silver lenses.
Warby Parker will be located at 3000 East First Avenue, Denver. The store will be open Monday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Sunday 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
79th Street from Western to Cottage Grove (4 miles)
69th Street from Ashland to South Chicago (2.7 miles)
Dr. Martin Luther King Drive from 111th Street to 115th Street ( 0.5 mile)
Western Blvd. from 45th Street to Garfield Blvd. (1.25 miles)
Damen Avenue from 33rd Street to Pershing Road (0.75 mile)
Archer Avenue from Kolin Avenue to 47th Street (1.1 miles)
Archer from Nottingham Avenue to Narragansett Avenue (0.9 mile)
67th Street from Ashland to Cottage Grove (3 miles)
Humboldt Drive from Chicago Avenue to North Avenue (1 mile)
North Avenue from Cicero to Central Park Avenue (1.5 miles)
Augusta Blvd. from Grand Avenue to Milwaukee (2.5 miles)
Wilson Avenue from Damen to LSD (1.7 miles)
Elston Avenue from Melvina Avenue to Foster (2 miles)
Addison Street from Keeler Avenue to Avondale Avenue (0.65 mile)
Avondale Avenue/Gregory Street from Harlem Avenue to Moody Avenue (1.3 miles)
Construction season in Chicago has begun. Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago Department of Transportation kicked off the 2018 street paving season Tuesday morning.The city will tackle about 275 miles of city streets this year, to fix potholes plaguing Chicago drivers."Paving is where the rubber meets the road here in the City of Chicago," Emanuel said. "As I said when we started our pothole the season just about a month ago, that was a patch to getting our roads paved."City works will also update water mains, sewers and tunnels this season. That will mean major headaches for businesses and residents during the construction."We want to minimize disruption to residents and businesses so that when we open the streets, once everyone is working in the space, we don't go in the next year and dig up a newly resurfaced street. We are trying to do this right and get it right the first time and do it in a complete and quality way," Chicago Department of Transportation Commissioner Rebekah Scheinfeld said.Drivers should keep an eye out for detours and temporary parking restrictions in each area slated for resurfacing."We want this project to move in a timely fashion," said Alderman Margaret Laurino, 39th Ward.The main arterial routes slated for repaving so far in 2018 are:For a map of streets slated to be resurfaced, click here
Photo By Tech. Sgt. Veronica Pierce | Gen. Stephen Wilson, Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force, addresses Train, Advise,...... read more Photos By Tech. Sgt. Veronica Pierce | Gen. Stephen Wilson, Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force, addresses Train, Advise, Assist Command-Air (TAAC-Air) advisors at Kabul Air Wing, Afghanistan, April 13, 2017. Wilson; Chief Master Sgt. of the Air Force Kaleth O. Wright; Maj. Gen. James Hecker, 9th Air and Space Expeditionary Task Force-Afghanistan commander; and Chief Master Sgt. Lisa Arnold, 9th AETF-A command chief; visited the 438th Air Expeditionary Wing and TAAC-Air. Brig. Gen. David Hicks, 438th AEW and TAAC-Air commander, and a contingent of TAAC-Air Coalition and Afghan Air Force members gave the visitors a tour of AAF aircraft. Wilson thanked the group for their hard work and dedication to the mission. (U.S. Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Veronica Pierce) see less | View Image Page
Gen. Stephen Wilson, Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force, visited the 438th Air Expeditionary Wing and Train, Advise, Assist Command-Air (TAAC-Air), Kabul, Afghanistan, April 13, 2017.
Chief Master Sgt. of the Air Force Kaleth O. Wright; Maj. Gen. James Hecker, 9th Air and Space Expeditionary Task Force-Afghanistan commander; and Chief Master Sgt. Lisa Arnold, 9th AETF-A command chief; were also present to meet with several TAAC-Air and Afghan Air Force members.
Brig. Gen. David Hicks, TAAC-Air and 438th AEW commander, discussed the TAAC-Air mission detailing TAAC-Air's advisory role with the AAF and plans for the summer campaign.
The mission of TAAC-Air is to train, advise and assist their Afghan counterparts to help build a professional, capable and sustainable air force. There are 13 different nations that contribute to the TAAC-Air mission, and each nation brings subject matter expertise that continues to develop the AAF.
Coalition and AAF members briefed Wilson about different AAF airframes and TAAC-Air's training. Following a tour of each aircraft, Wilson addressed the whole group.
“There have been many changes in the last few years, and they've been made by some incredible Airmen,” said Wilson. “It starts with superb leadership, and translates down to folks with ambition and focus who know it takes the whole team to do it.”
Wilson's aircraft tours included the A-29, C-208, MD-530 and Mi-17. The advisors had an open dialogue with Wilson where they elaborated on their counterpart's success stories and some of the hurdles faced.
“It's great to be part of this Coalition team as we train, advise and assist the Afghan Air Force,” said Wilson. “It is not lost on me the progress that's been made.”
After meeting one-on-one with several “exceptional performance” Airmen, Wilson thanked TAAC-Air and the AAF for hosting the visit.
“As we went through each of the platforms, you can see the exponential growth that's being made by the team here,” said Wilson. “We are really proud of the whole team that's working hard to make all of this happen, and it's great to see in action.”
Meet Cassie, the 'ostrich' robot that could soon
Man goes to Japanese ghost tunnel in order to cap
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As the Valentine's Day Pokémon Go event draws to a close , fans will have to look ahead to future updates to keep them hooked on the augmented reality mobile game.
The best way to do that is to reignite the potential of players being able to swap and trade their creatures - or face each other in battle .
These two options were promised way back in 2016 when Pokémon Go first exploded onto our smartphone screens.
And now Niantic Labs CEO John Hanke has promised the two features are on the way in an interview with Waypoint .
(Photo: Niantic Labs)
In fact, they say they would have been available sooner if the small company hadn't had to respond to the international surge of popularity the game experienced.
"It's going to be done soon," they told the site.
"It is what it is. I'll take the massive wave of hysteria we enjoyed, and just deal with the fact that it's caused us to take a bit longer to get the rest of the features up. We're really happy to make our users happy."
Other parts of the interview show that the boss of Niantic wants to add depth to the game and continue to give players a feeling of community.
"My heart is really with events, and that's something I really want us to try to solve in 2017," Hanke said.
"It's complicated, though, to do them at the scale that Pokémon Go demands.
"But, to me, that would be the best demonstration of the vision of this company, which is all about playing games together, outside, with other people."
Back in July 2016, Hanke appeared at San Diego Comic Con and said that trading and battles were "top of the priority list".
(Photo: GETTY)
Back in the early days of Pokémon, trading the virtual creatures was a huge part of the franchise.
Two different versions of the first game were released, each with slightly different Pokémon available to catch. Players had to find another gamer with the other copy of the game and trade with them in order to catch all 150 Pokémon.
Some interesting news heading our way this afternoon: Warner Bros. just snatched renowned composer #DannyElfman to score Justice League, THR has reported.
The news comes not long after the devastating news that original #JusticeLeague director Zack Snyder had departed the film to spend time with their family following in the wake of their daughter's suicide in March. Batgirl director #JossWhedon was tapped to stand in as director for reshoots and pickups, though we've since learned he's been more intimately involved with the project than we realized.
#ZackSnyder had originally planned for Junkie XL to score the movie, having previously scored Man of Steel and Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice. Junkie XL has now moved on to score the Tomb Raider reboot, instead.
The addition of Danny Elfman to the Justice League movie returns the composer to their comic book movie scoring days. Among Elfman's most famous works are their score for Tim Burton's Batman and Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy. Elfman also was brought on board at a late stage for 2015's Avengers: Age of Utron, which Whedon directed.
Justice League flies into theaters November 17.
[Source: THR]
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The finale of Saturday Night Takeaway has been hit with complaints to the regulator due to the presence of Ant McPartlin - despite them not even being there during filming.
The complaints came as a segment, Saturday's Knight Takeaway, featured the star as it was revealed who was leading the dreaded group The Dishonoured in the final part of the series.
According to a spokesperson from Ofcom, the broadcasting regulator, the complaints came in as it was believed those applauding the segment were 'condoning theirs behaviour.'
(Image: ITV)
At present the complaints are not being formally investigated, but the spokesperson said they are being assessed and if they are to be considered further, this is a longer process.
The finale, which took place in Florida, saw more than 200 people celebrating their 'place on the plane' at the Universal Studios in Orlando.
There was plenty on show during the finale including a massive conga led by a Carmen Miranda-esque Stephen Mulhern, the movie of the life of a very embarrassed audience member, and the three hosts going head to head in Dec vs. Stephen vs. Scarlett.
(Image: ITV)
Host Declan Donnelly also announced that Stephen would be getting their own show - In For a Penny - after the small segment confused USA fans but won the hearts of those in the ITV boardroom.
While some complained to the regulator about the finale, many praised Dec for hosting the show alone after it was announced that Ant would not be accompanying their bestie to Florida, and also saluted the show for its biggest finale yet.
After the show, fans shared a video of Dec and the audience members giving a round of applause for Ant, though this was not broadcast by ITV.
(Image: ITV)
Ant was arrested and charged for drink driving after crashing their car under the influence, and was subsequently fined £84,000 and given a 20 month driving ban.
 They are understood to be receiving treatment at a rehabilitation facility at present.
US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen. The central bank foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. Photo: Reuters
The US Federal Reserve (US Fed) on Wednesday forged ahead with a 25 bps interest rate hike and additional plans to tighten monetary policy despite growing concerns over weak inflation.
Policymakers agreed to raise their benchmark lending rate for the third time in six months to 1.25% from 1%, maintained their outlook for one more rate hike in 2017, and set out some details for how they intend to shrink their $4.5 trillion balance sheet this year.
“Near-term risks to the economic outlook appear roughly balanced, but the committee is monitoring inflation developments closely,” the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) said in a statement on Wednesday following a two-day Fed meeting in Washington. “The committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization program this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated.”
Policymakers also issued forecasts showing another three quarter-point rate hike in 2018, similar to the previous projections in March.
The Fed's actions and words struck a careful balance between showing resolve to continue tightening in response to falling unemployment while acknowledging the persistence of unexpectedly low inflation this year.
“Inflation on a 12-month basis is expected to remain somewhat below 2% in the near term but to stabilize around the committee's 2% objective over the medium term,” the statement said.
The committee had previously described inflation as close to their goal.
Economic data
Data released earlier Wednesday showed that, on a year-over-year basis, the core version of consumer price inflation, which strips out food and energy components, slowed for the fourth straight month, to 1.7% in May. Following that news, the probability that the June hike would be followed by another increase this year dropped to about 28% from 48%, according to pricing in fed funds futures contracts.
In a separate statement on Wednesday, the US Fed spelled out the details of its plan to allow the balance sheet to shrink by gradually rolling off a fixed amount of assets on a monthly basis. The initial cap will be set at $10 billion a month: $6 billion from Treasuries and $4 billion from mortgage-backed securities.
The caps will increase every three months by $6 billion for Treasuries and $4 billion for MBS until they reach $30 billion and $20 billion, respectively.
Officials didn't reveal the exact timing of when the process will begin this year, as well as specifically how large the portfolio might be when finished.
The FOMC retained language that it expects to keep raising interest rates at a “gradual” pace if economic data play out in line with forecasts.
Yellen remarks
Yellen is scheduled to hold a press conference at 2.30 pm where reporters are likely to ask, among other topics, about their outlook for rates and the balance sheet.
Wednesday's decision brings the Fed's target for the federal funds rate, which covers overnight loans between banks, to a range of 1% to 1.25%.
The vote was 8-1, with Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari dissenting from a rate increase for the second time this year, preferring no change.
Quarterly projections for 2018 and 2019 showed Fed policymakers largely maintained their expected path for borrowing costs. The median forecast still has the central bank making three quarter-point increases in 2018; the end-2019 rate is seen at 2.9%, a slight change from 3% in the March projections.
The new forecasts may in part reflect changes in the FOMC since the last meeting, including the departures of governor Daniel Tarullo and Richmond Fed president Jeffrey Lacker, and the arrival of new Atlanta Fed president Raphael Bostic.
In any event, interest rate projections for 2018 and 2019 are becoming less reliable guides to future policy amid the likelihood that the Fed's board of governors will see a major makeover in the next year.
The Fed has in recent weeks wrestled with contradictory signals from unemployment and inflation. Unemployment in the US dropped to a 16-year low at 4.3% in May. Despite that, the Fed's favourite measure of price pressures, excluding food and energy components, rose just 1.5% in the 12 months through April, down from 1.8% in February. The Fed's target for inflation is 2%.
Inflation projections
The recent economic developments prompted FOMC members to drop their median projection for inflation to 1.6% in 2017, from 1.9% forecast in March. The median forecasts for 2018 and 2019, however, were unchanged at 2%.
They also reduced slightly their estimate for the lowest sustainable level of long-run unemployment to 4.6% from 4.7%. That change, and the reduction in the 2017 inflation forecast, could reduce the urgency policymakers feel to hike rates again in coming months, especially if inflation remains soft.
“Job gains have moderated but have been solid, on average, since the beginning of the year, and the unemployment rate has declined,” the FOMC statement said.
Economic growth projections were little changed, with the median forecast for 2017 moving to 2.2% from 2.1%
The FOMC next meets in six weeks, on 25-26 July. A Bloomberg survey of 43 economists conducted 5-8 June showed a median expectation for rate hikes in June and September, followed by the start of balancesheet unwinding in the fourth quarter. Bloomberg
The series numbers on fixed maturity plans, or FMPs are internal nomenclature for the fund houses and do not carry any meaning or significance for investors. Photo: iStockphoto
What are fixed maturity plans (FMPs), and what do their series mean?
—Akhila Bhatnagar
FMPs are closed-end debt funds. That means, they are funds in which an investor can invest only at the time of a new fund offering (NFO), and take out the money at the time of maturity. This is as opposed to open-ended funds where investors can invest any time and take the money out at any time as well. FMPs invest in debt instruments of fixed maturities, mostly tallying with the time frame of the fund itself. That is, if the fund's time frame is 3 years, then the maturity of the underlying debt securities are also, on an average, likely to be 3 years.
Investors can look at these funds as mutual fund industry's offerings that are equivalent to bank fixed deposits (FDs), although returns from FMPs are not guaranteed by mutual funds like FD returns are guaranteed by banks.
The series numbers on FMPs are internal nomenclature for the fund houses and do not carry any meaning or significance for investors. They are simply a serial number notation to label these offerings and distinguish them from one another.
Say, I invest Rs100 in MF A and start a systematic transfer plan (STP) of Rs10 every month to MF B, and both appreciate over time. How are the investment and current values calculated every month for both schemes?
—Vivek Jain
An investor would need the investment (cost) value and the current value of a holding for two different purposes—one, to find the internal rate of return (IRR) of the investment (how the fund is performing), and two, at the time of filing tax returns, to identify short- and long-term capital gains. For both, the calculation of the two values works out the same way. When you do an STP, each switch out from MF A is treated as a redemption transaction and each switch in into MF B is treated as an investment transaction. Both sets of transactions can then be seen as an isolated series of actions performed on just one scheme at a time.
To calculate the IRR of MF A, you would count your original investment as inward cash flow, the switch-outs as outward cash flow, and the current value (calculated as today's net asset value or NAV multiplied by remaining units) as present value. Similarly, for MF B, each switch-in would be an investment transaction and the current value as present value. When it comes to tax calculation, the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method of cost calculation will apply to determine the cost value of the units switched out from MF A. So, at the time of the end of a financial year, you will have some units left in MF A, and the remaining units would have been redeemed at the total value of the switch out amounts. The difference between the two would give you the capital gains realized.
In the case of MF B, at the time of redemption, you can determine the realized capital gains by averaging the cost of acquisition over multiple switch-in transactions. Such calculations are very difficult without the aid of a tool like a spreadsheet on a computer. It would be better still to rely on specialized returns and gains calculators.
Srikanth Meenakshi is co-founder and chief operating officer, FundsIndia.com
Queries and views at mintmoney@livemint.com
I have always known that a young adult needs to show ID before purchasing alcohol and that shops selling alcohol need to enforce this but the other day both my 20-year old son and my 18-year-old daughter learned something new. They had been invited to a New Years party in Orewa and my son as the designated driver wanted to buy a box of that Green Coca-Cola Life stuff. They popped into our local Countdown together and my son who loves cider added two small bottles of low-alcohol cider to their trolley.
My daughter wasn't buying anything but was keeping them company and was standing beside them at the checkout. Our son pulled out their ID to show that they were twenty and was very surprised when their sister was asked for their ID. They explained that they aren't buying the alcohol, that it was for them but that they were in fact 18 years old. The checkout operator still insisted on seeing their ID but they didn't have their purse with them and was unable to prove them age.
Without explaining further the operator grabbed the two bottles of cider and walked away with them saying that our son would have to go to the local bottle store if they wanted to buy cider.
My son then drove to the bottle store and my daughter stayed in the car. They purchased two bottles of cider and they continued on to the party.
I was puzzled about what had happened to them so yesterday I asked my checkout operator as I bought the groceries what the rules were. They explained that the rules apply to all shops that sell alcohol and that Countdown has no say about them. They have undertaken training on selling alcohol and had to pass it before they could sell it. They said that they would lose their job if they didn't ask for the ID of both young people standing together when alcohol is being purchased even if only one person is the purchaser. They said that their employer would get fined four thousand dollars if they didn't follow the rules. Basically, anyone, who looks under twenty-one years of age they have to ask for ID. This explains why when I have been standing in line with either my son or daughter when I purchase alcohol they haven't been asked for their ID. Sadly I have looked over 21 for quite a few years now.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Republican-led Senate voted Wednesday to block an Obama-era regulation that would prevent an estimated 75,000 people with mental disorders from being able to purchase a firearm. The measure now goes to President Donald Trump, who is expected to sign it.
The regulation was crafted as part of President Barack Obama's efforts to strengthen the federal background check system in the wake of the 2012 massacre of 20 young students and six staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Adam Lanza, a 20-year-old man with a variety of impairments, including Asperger's syndrome and obsessive-compulsive disorder, shot and killed their mother at their home, then went to school where they killed the students, adults and himself.
The Obama administration rule required the Social Security Administration to send in the names of beneficiaries with mental impairments who also have a third party manage their benefits.
But lawmakers, with the backing of the National Rifle Association and advocacy groups for the disabled, opposed the regulation and encouraged Congress to undertake a rarely successful process designed to void regulations that Congress takes issue with.
The 57-43 vote to revoke the regulation sends the measure to Trump.
With a Republican ally in the White House, the GOP has moved aggressively on several fronts to rescind some of the Obama administration's final regulations on the environment, financial reporting and now guns. Under an expedited process established through the Congressional Review Act, a regulation is made invalid when a simple majority of both chambers pass a joint resolution of disapproval and the president signs it.
Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, spearheaded the repeal effort and said the regulation unfairly stigmatizes the disabled and infringes on their constitutional right to bear arms. They said that the mental disorders covered through the regulation are filled with “vague characteristics that do not fit into the federal mentally defective standard” prohibiting someone from buying or owning a gun.
Grassley cited eating and sleep disorders as examples of illnesses that could allow a beneficiary to be reported to the background check system if they also have a third party to manage their benefits.
“If a specific individual is likely to be violent due to the nature of their mental illness, then the government should have to prove it,” Grassley said.
The rule isn't scheduled to go into effect until December. It only would apply to those receiving disability benefits. However, someone who is added to the background check system before retirement age would remain there after retirement age.
Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., said they didn't know how they could explain to their constituents that Congress was making it easier rather than harder for people with serious mental illness to have a gun.
“If you can't manage your own financial affairs, how can we expect that you're going to be a responsible flight attendant of a dangerous, lethal firearm,” Murphy said.
Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., argued that anyone who thinks they're treated unfairly can appeal, and are likely to win if they're not a danger to themselves or others. But Grassley said federal law requires a formal hearing and judgment before depriving someone of owning a firearm due to mental illness.
Gun rights groups weren't the only organizations upset about the Obama administration's regulation. The American Civil Liberties Union criticized it, too. The ACLU said the rule advanced a harmful stereotype that people with mental disabilities, “a vast and diverse group of citizens, are violent.” More than a dozen advocacy groups for the disabled also opposed the Obama administration's regulation.
The NAACP, the United States Conference of Mayors and the National League of Cities supported the Social Security Administration's efforts.
“This heartless resolution puts the most vulnerable Americans at risk,” said Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. “Make no mistake, this vote was really about deepening the gun industry's customer pool, at the expense of those in danger of hurting themselves or others.”
Meanwhile, the GOP-led House will seek to rescind more Obama-era regulations later Wednesday, including a Labor Department rule that critics say unduly restricts efforts in some states to test unemployment insurance applicants for drug use.
Comments
comments
Initial reports claimed that a young mother was shot and killed after they attempted to run over a police officer, but their family is now speaking out and claiming that they were actually attempting to help police, and was tragically killed in an operation gone wrong.Savannah Hill, 21, was killed last month after it was reported that they were driving a vehicle that struck an officer during a traffic stop, while police were attempting to arrest Mason Farris, 19, who was in the car with her.Farris was dating Hill's friend, Nicole Helling, and now friends and family are claiming that the two women were caught between a rock and a hard place when they were confronted by officers who were chasing Farris and threatened with arrest if they did not attempt to help police nab Farris and other known drug dealers.The two knew Farris would flee if police attempted to arrest them so they crafted a plan to help police take them into custody. At a local gas station, Hill called 911 and told dispatch they would help police arrest Farris. They said they would get them into the back seat of their car, where the child safety locks would prevent them from getting out of the car and fleeing on foot. But they insisted the police wait and pull them over after they exited the gas station and got onto the road.Two Aurora Police officers were notified of the plan and promptly pulled over the vehicle Hill was driving. When they did, as expected, Farris attempted to get out of the car but couldn't because of the child safety locks. Panicked, they jumped into the front seat and pressed down on Hill's knee. The car lunged backwards, striking Aurora Officer Chris Kozisek, and knocking them to the ground with such force that the car was dented and the rear glass shattered.The Missouri State Highway Patrol conducted an investigation and Officer Chatman was cleared of all wrongdoing-but questions remain. Did Chapman have to fire on the person who was, in good faith, attempting to help the two officers? Hill's father thinks something is not adding up.In an exclusive interview with The Free Thought Project, Savanna Hill's father, Chris Nethery, said that they and their family are devastated and they blame the Aurora Police Department for the tragic death of their daughter. "" they said, explaining just how tense the relationship was between Aurora PD and their daughter.Nethery said that Hill previously had a run-in with Kozisek, where they put them in handcuffs and then threatened to arrest them for possession of cannabis if they did not comply. Nethery said Hill had been working with police as an undercover informant, for quite some time afterward, and helped take down several high-profile drug dealers."It's a small town of 5,000 people," Nethery said, noting that when word got out on the street that they were helping police, one drug dealer put a "$2,000 hit on their head." People who wanted to claim the money were "chasing them at 90 mph" around town trying to kill her.Nethery told TFTP that the message communicated to them by police was, "."Nethery, who is now a truck driver, worked for four years prior as an Aurora 911 police dispatcher. They said they know the officers were reckless in the way they handled their daughter and claimed that "She couldn't go to Aurora without getting pulled over. They were harassing her."The father said they were about to go and confront the police department but their daughter was killed by their handlers before they got a chance.  They are now planning to sue the department and the officers involved in a wrongful death lawsuit. "There were so many things that were done wrong on this," Nethery concluded.The angry father, who said they do not want to see themselves as "anti-police" cannot get some questions out of their mind. Hill was the only person hit but bullets that night, and only one bullet of the 10-12 reportedly fired by Chatman struck Hill. The one bullet wound they sustained was through the side of their head.Nethery said it appears as though they were killed "execution style." Officer Kozisek, whose partner killed Hill, was not as badly injured as reports appear to indicate they are. After Kozisek was struck by Hill's car, they were seen by friends of the family who said they were "walking around and laughing." The officer also attempted to walk into Hill's hospital room later that night but was prevented from doing so by Missouri State Highway Patrol who had taken over the investigation. So they were reportedly seen walking around at the scene and later that night. "We believe it was a set-up," stated Michelle Nethery, Hill's mother.The officer who killed their daughter, has their own troubled past. Chatman is known in police accountability circles as a "Gypsy Cop," one who cannot keep a job as an officer, often for very disturbing reasons. According to a report from the Springfield News-Leader, "Chatman once falsified a report to cover up alleged police brutality, worked at five different law enforcement agencies over four years and left at least two recent jobs on bad terms."If you would like to share your opinion on the Aurora Police Department's lenient treatment of officers Chris Kozisek and David Chatman, call 417-678-5025 , or visit the Lawrence County Sheriff's Department's Facebook page
What Is The Logan Act, And Why Does It Matter?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
If Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser, was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration, then they may have broken the law.
That law is the Logan Act. It's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn, who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that they had misled the vice president and others in the administration. Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence, then vice president-elect, last month that they had discussed the sanctions.
That has turned out to be not true. And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn's resignation because of an "eroding level of trust." They reiterated that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue."
"There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions," Spicer contended.
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call — which exists — between Flynn and the Russian ambassador, there's no way to know if there isn't a legal issue.
So what is the Logan Act, has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible?
First, what is it?
The Logan Act states, in part:
"Any citizen of the United States, wherever they may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both."
Let's break that down. This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government. Specifically, that person isn't allowed to talk with a foreign government or its representative and try to influence foreign policy.
When was it put in place and why?
It's named for Dr. George Logan, a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania, who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons. They did so without the permission of President John Adams, though they were a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson.
It was after the French Revolution, and the United States didn't help France because of a treaty with England. The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors. Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France.
That's when Logan, a Quaker, embarked on their effort. They succeeded, but when they got back to the U.S., Adams, Washington and others were furious. Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan's from taking place again.
Has anyone ever been prosecuted?
No, but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted.
The indictment was way back in 1803, four years after the law was put in place. An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for "A Western America" allied with France. The U.S. attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy, a farmer, who actually wrote the column. But it never went to trial. Later that year, the Louisiana Purchase, which expanded the U.S. West, made it moot.
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act, as the Congressional Research Service points out, but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try to shame political opponents. For example, in the 1980s, there was former House Speaker Jim Wright's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases.
"That is the law of the land," a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson's efforts, adding, "We are not going to take legal action, but I do feel that while in this instance they were successful, there were things that make you pause and think."
During the George W. Bush administration, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government, irritating the White House. Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mideast peace. As recently as 2015, the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal.
And Syria raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar Assad last month before President Trump took office.
"I wanted to see if there was, in some small way, a way that I could express the love and the aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria," they told CNN.
The Obama administration's official position was regime change in Syria.
Could Flynn be susceptible?
If Flynn, in any way, reassured the Russian ambassador in their phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place, that could potentially be a violation.
As noted above, there is a transcript. The White House is confident Flynn didn't say anything that could have violated the law. Of course, that could be open to interpretation. It would be up to the Jeff Sessions Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case, if it saw fit. That is seen as unlikely.
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk.
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Committee said Tuesday it's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath. More could become known about the specifics of the call before then. The New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about their conversations. And investigators believe Flynn "was not entirely forthcoming":
"That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn their job. If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I., it could expose them to a felony charge."
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–T25-Gonzaga-Washington Box
No. 12 GONZAGA 97, WASHINGTON 70 GONZAGA (8-2)
Williams 9-14 5-9 23, Tillie 4-7 2-2 11, Norvell 6-16 7-8 21, Melson 4-7 0-0 11, Perkins 4-5 3-3 14, Kispert 1-5 0-0 3, Hachimura 5-10 2-2 12, Jones 0-0 0-0 0, Larsen 0-1 2-2 2, Wade 0-0 0-0 0, Beach 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 33-65 21-26 97.
WASHINGTON (7-3)
Timmins 2-2 1-1 5, N.Carter 1-5 1-2 3, Dickerson 7-10 2-6 18, Crisp 5-12 2-4 16, Thybulle 2-7 0-0 5, Wright 1-1 2-2 4, Green 1-5 0-1 2, Johnson 3-3 0-0 6, Nowell 4-10 3-3 11. Totals 26-55 11-19 70.
Halftime_Gonzaga 47-33. 3-Point Goals_Gonzaga 10-28 (Perkins 3-4, Melson 3-6, Norvell 2-11, Tillie 1-2, Kispert 1-4, Hachimura 0-1), Washington 7-19 (Crisp 4-7, Dickerson 2-2, Thybulle 1-5, Nowell 0-1, N.Carter 0-2, Green 0-2). Fouled Out_Nowell, Tillie. Rebounds_Gonzaga 34 (Williams 12), Washington 22 (Nowell 5). Assists_Gonzaga 20 (Perkins 8), Washington 13 (Nowell 4). Total Fouls_Gonzaga 18, Washington 20. A_9,749 (10,000).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Mario Batali Steps Aside From Their Restaurants Amid Sexual Misconduct Allegations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for NYCWFF Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for NYCWFF
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping aside from directing their restaurants and taking leave from their TV cooking show following reports of sexual misconduct over a 20-year period.
The move was apparently spurred by a report published Monday morning on the dining and food website Eater, in which four women allege that Batali touched them inappropriately:
"Three of the women worked for Batali in some capacity during their careers. One former employee alleges that over the course of two years, they repeatedly grabbed them from behind and held them tightly against their body. Another former employee alleges that they groped them and that, in a separate incident, they compelled them to straddle him; another alleges that they grabbed their breasts at a party, though they no longer worked for them at the time."
The fourth accuser is a chef who says they met Batali at a party 10 years ago:
"Minutes into their conversation, they recall, they told her, 'Come work for me, I'll pay you double what you're making.' Moments later, someone bumped their glass, spilling wine all over their chest and down their scooped-neck shirt. They allege that Batali began rubbing their breasts with their bare hands while saying something like, 'Let me help you with that,' as they groped their chest. 'He just went to town, and I was so shocked,' the chef says. 'Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from them in utter disgust and walked away.' "
In the article, a number of other current and former employees at Batali's restaurants described bullying and lewd behavior. Some said they had complicated feelings about Batali, who has also championed a number of women's careers and started a children's education and empowerment foundation.
Batali did not deny the allegations, admitting they comport with their past conduct.
"I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt," Batali said in a statement to Eater. "Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family."
Batali will remain an owner at their restaurants, but they said they would hand over day-to-day oversight of their businesses while they work to regain the trust of those they have hurt and disappointed.
A spokesperson for Batali's restaurant group, Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, told Eater that it had received its first formal complaint of inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. It said Batali was reprimanded and required to attend training.
"We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment. We train employees in these policies and we enforce them, up to and including termination," the group said in a statement. "Mr. Batali and we have agreed that they will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and [he] has already done so."
Batali hosts a cooking show on ABC called The Chew. On Monday, the network said it has asked Batali to take leave from the program while it reviews the allegations. "While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct," the network said in a statement to NPR.
The allegations against Batali join a cascade of sexual harassment complaints against powerful men, including senior news managers at NPR.
Batali rose to prominence in the mid-1990s with the launch of their Food Network show Molto Mario, which ran for 10 seasons. They and Joe Bastianich opened the restaurant Babbo in New York's Greenwich Village in 1998. They now have 10 restaurants in New York, as well as eateries in Las Vegas, California and Singapore.  They are a partner in Eataly, the Italian food emporium with locations around the world.
In 2012, Batali and Bastianich agreed to a $5.25 million class-action settlement with employees who claimed the partners' restaurants had illegally confiscated part of their tips.
Carmelo Anthony and their wife, La La Anthony, have reportedly separated. TMZ is reporting the couple are living separately after La La moved out of their home last week. They now have their own place in New York City. The current NBA season was apparently hard on the pair's relationship.
Anthony has been dealing with rumors the New York Knicks were looking to trade them for months while they and the team struggled on the court. That can't have been easy on the marriage.
Carmelo and La La got engaged in 2004 and were married on July 10, 2010. The ceremony was filmed for a VH1 reality series. The couple has a son, Kiyan Carmelo Anthony, who was born on March 7, 2007. There are no plans for either parent to move and they have no desire to uproot their 10-year-old son from their life in New York.
TMZ says the split is amicable and the pair was actually together at Kiyan's basketball game over the weekend.
Sad news for Carmelo and La La who were one of the NBA's most recognizable couples.
After last week's announcement of Josh Brolin playing Cable in the upcoming slate of X-Men movies — including Deadpool 2 and X-Force — fan interest around Brolin has instantly picked up. From debates on whether or not Brolin would be believable in the role to the potential confusion raised by having Brolin simultaneously cast in the X-Men and Marvel Cinematic Universe, Brolin is on everyone's mind. And he's also vividly on Rob Liefeld's mind.
For those who don't know, Rob Liefeld is the creator of #Deadpool and holds quite a bit of clout to their name as a contributor to the comics. Among their contributions, Liefeld creates portrait style sketches of characters in the likeness of actors portraying them. Liefeld's latest sketch is that of Josh Brolin as #Cable. Check it out below.
From what we can tell, Liefeld has an idea of what Cable should look like in the upcoming #Deadpool2. Their drawing only adds soft touches to Josh Brolin's face, so we should expect Cable to have a very human appearance. That said, Cable's appearance could change between now and the time Deadpool 2 premieres, so the character may wind up boasting more cybernetic tones than human elements.
What do you think of Liefeld's sketch of Josh Brolin as Cable? Decent or not? Leave your thoughts in the comments section below.
Deadpool 2 opens in theaters in 2018.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Supermarket giants have issued warnings about a number of products sold in their stores.
Product recalls have been released relating to items sold at Tesco, Sainsbury's and the Co-op and other retails because of safety fears or incorrect or misleading labelling.
In all cases, customers who may have bought any of these products are being urged not to use them, or to return them to the store they purchased them from.
Wales Online have compiled this full list of the latest recalls, along with older recalls that are still relevant.
Tesco - Rude Health - Cacao and Vanilla Granola
(Image: Tesco)
Rude Health Foods Ltd is recalling a batch of Rude Health Cacao and Vanilla Granola because it contains almond, which is not written in English. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to nuts. The affected batch was only sold at Tesco.
The product details are:
Rude Health Cacao and Vanilla Granola
Pack size: 450g
Batch code: L417
Best-before date: 9 October 2018
Buenas - Grated Coconut
(Image: Buenas)
Manning Impex Ltd is recalling Buenas Grated Coconut as it may contain Salmonella.
The product details are:
Product: Buenas Grated Coconut
Pack size: 454g
Best-before date: 20 February 2019
Sainsbury's Sliced Beetroot
(Image: Sainsbury's)
Sainsbury's is recalling a batch of its Sliced Beetroot sold in jars because the product may contain small pieces of glass, making it unsafe to eat.
If you have bought the product, do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
The product details are:
Sainsbury's Sliced Beetroot
Jar size: 340g
Best-before date: August 2019
Batch code: L318N1737
Item code: 7860491
Co-op Breaded Cod Fillets
Co-op is recalling its Breaded Cod Fillets because some packs may have been incorrectly packed with battered fillets containing mustard and milk, which is not mentioned on the label.
It means the fillets are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to mustard, and/or an allergy or intolerance to milk, or milk constituents.
If you have bought the product and have an allergy to mustard or an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, do not eat it. Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund
The product details are:
Product: Co-op Breaded Cod Fillets
Pack size: 270g
Use-by date: 2 April 2018
Halo Top Mint Chip and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream
Halo Top UK Ltd is recalling Mint Chip Ice Cream and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream because they contain chocolate chips with soya which is not mentioned on the label. This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to soya.
Product details:
Product: Halo Top Mint Chip Ice Cream
Pack size: 473ml
Batch code / Best-before date:
7324 / 14 January 2019
7352 / 11 February 2019
8008 / 4 March 2019
8017 / 13 March 2019
8026 / 22 March 2019
8050 / 15 April 2019
Product: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream
Pack size: 473ml
Batch code / Best-before date:
7325 / 15 January 2019
7354 / 13 February 2019
8012 / 8 March 2019
8022 / 18 March 2019
8059 / 24 April 2019
8060 / 25 April 2019
8072 / 7 May 2019
No other Halo Top products are known to be affected.
Surya Foods Mother Africa Palm Oil
(Image: Surya Foods)
Surya Foods is recalling Mother Africa Pure Red Palm Oil and Mother Africa Zomi Palm Oil because they contain the illegal dye Sudan IV, which is potentially genotoxic and carcinogenic.
Sudan dyes are red dyes that are used in industrial applications and cannot be used in foods.
Innovative Bites and American Fizz - Peanut Butter Cookie Dough Bites
Innovative Bites and American Fizz are recalling Peanut Butter Cookie Dough Bites because they may contain egg and wheat which are not (or not correctly) mentioned on the packaging. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to egg, wheat or gluten.
The product details are:
On 26 October, the Delhi HC had allowed Vodafone Group to go ahead with arbitration proceedings against India, under a treaty with the United Kingdom, in connection with a Rs11,000 crore tax demand raised against the company in relation to its $11 billion deal for acquiring a stake in Hutchinson Telecom. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear the Centre's appeal against an order of the Delhi high court that allowed arbitration in the Vodafone tax dispute case under the India-United Kingdom bilateral treaty.
The matter was mentioned before a bench headed by chief justice Dipak Misra, who said that it will be taken up for hearing on Tuesday.
On 26 October, the Delhi HC had allowed Vodafone Group to go ahead with arbitration proceedings against India, under a treaty with the United Kingdom, in connection with a Rs11,000 crore tax demand raised against the company in relation to its $11 billion deal for acquiring a stake in Hutchinson Telecom.
Justice Manmohan had held that the parties were free to participate in the proceedings for appointing a presiding arbitrator.
In an interim order of August, justice Manmohan had restrained Vodafone or its subsidiaries from going ahead with arbitration under the India-UK Bilateral Investment Protection Agreement (BIPA) as the telecom major had initiated similar proceedings on the same issue under the India-Netherlands BIPA.
The court noted that the government was of the view that the $11 billion acquisition of stake in Hutchinson Telecommunications International Ltd (HTIL) in Hutchinson Essar Ltd (HEL) by Vodafone was liable for tax deduction at source (TDS) under the Income Tax Act.
As Vodafone had not deducted tax at source, the government had raised the demand of Rs11,000 crore which was subsequently quashed by the apex court on 20 January 2012, the high court said.
Thereafter, the government made a retrospective amendment to the Income Tax Act which re-fastened the liability on Vodafone, the high court order noted.
Aggrieved by the imposition of tax, Vodafone International Holdings BV invoked the arbitration clause under BIPA between India and Netherlands.
PTI contributed to the report.
Get Money Deals updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eyes are the new brows in the beauty world - and they can transform your look (and mood) in an instant.
With so many great new eyeshadows on the market, it's sometimes hard to know where to start if you're building up your collection, which is why a decent palette can be a real godsend.
Whether you like to keep things simple with a flash of block colour all over the lid, or love getting technical with cut crease and all, there are some incredible palettes from both old and new beauty brands that have been getting props from our beauty team and on social media - so they're definitely worth you're checking them out too.
Take a look at our round up of the palettes we can't put down below.
1. Rose Gold Remastered palette, £56, Huda Beauty
Huda Beauty's Rose Gold palette is a favourite of beauty bloggers. The edit of buttery soft shades are a mix of universally flattering rose and gold tones and includes 'metal' metallic shimmer colours for eye-catching looks.
The remastered version has a few updates, based on customer feedback, along with an upgraded case with a mirror and some how-to look tutorials.
2. Modern Renaissance Palette, £43, Anastasia Beverly Hills
Another cult classic, serious beauty fans will know and love the popular Anastasia Beverly Hills palettes which receive a lot of fanfare online when they are released.
But a classic that never dates is the Modern Renaissance palette which features 14 hues that range from deep pinky reds to matte browns and soft beiges that suit all skin complexions and the formulas are second to none.
3. Nubian Palette, £30, Juvia's Place
A new(ish) kid on the block, Juvia's Place has been celebrated for its strong pigmented formulas.
The Nubian Palette is hands down the most wearable, with a collection of pretty neutral shades, it's a great bit of kit if you need one palette to take you from day to night in a few brush strokes.
4. NAKED2 Eyeshadow Palette, £39.50, Urban Decay
There's a reason Urban Decay's Naked palettes are so successful - excellent shade range and variety, colours that suit a wide variety of skin tones, and it is cruelty-free.
The Naked2 palette features 12 taupe shades that are ideal for creating soft or dramatic smoky eye looks. We. Are. Sold.
5. Chocolate Bar palette, £39, Too Faced
Who doesn't like chocolate, especially when it comes in the form of an eyeshadow palette?
This genius collection from Too Faced has 16 sugary matte and shimmer shades and with names like glided ganache, black forest truffle and amaretto you'll be creating looks that make you look good enough to eat!
6. Revolution Fortune Favours The Brave Palette, £9.99, Makeup Revolution
Designed by famous beauty blogger Jane Cunningham, this has a whopping
30 mattes and shimmers in all the colours your heart could desire.
Notebook Beauty writer Zoe says: "I'm in love. The shades are pigmented, and some of them are marbled together so you get a blend of two in one. Special shoutout to Sunset Hour and Super Gold – beautiful coppers – and the applicator brush is pretty decent as well."
7. Galaxy Eyeshadow Palette, £44 ($59), Fenty Beauty
If you go ga ga for glitter this limited edition palette from Rihanna's Fenty Beauty line is calling your name.
Launched as part of their Christmas collection last winter, the celestial inspired palette shades contain hyper-reflective sparkles that will ensure you look out of this world.
8. Bourjois Palette Les Nudes, £11.99, ASOS
This is the first ever palette from Bourjois, and it houses eight nudes and neutral shades that range from a deep brown to a pastel purple, and it also has a handy adjustable mirror.
Our Notebook Beauty ed Lynne says: "Such a pretty, delicate collection of colours. I loved the unusual (but very flattering) shimmery pistachio for daytime, and then adding the darker shades into the socket line for evening smokiness. The eyeshadow textures are so supersoft they're almost buttery, making them a joy to blend, and they last really well."
This eight-shade palette comes in three versions but we love the Grunge Glamour collection which includes deeper, moodier shades that include copper, plum and slate grey.
Beauty ed Lynne says: "Of the three palettes, this Grunge Glamour one stands out with darker, smokier shades. None have the strongest pigments, though. I didn't find these shadows very easy to build and blend."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ronda Rousey has revealed the extraordinary measures WWE took to ensure their Royal Rumble debut remained a secret.
The former UFC Bantamweight Champion was strongly rumoured to be joining the US sports entertainment giant for months on end.
In fact, speculation first began nearly four years ago, when Rousey sat in the front row at WWE's SummerSlam in August 2014.
They then helped The Rock beatdown Triple H and Stephanie McMahon in a heralded cameo at WrestleMania 31 in April 2015.
Ringside appearances at the Mae Young Classic tournament last September and an NXT live event in November added fuel to the fire.
(Image: © WWE)
(Image: © WWE)
Meanwhile, they were also spotted visiting WWE's Performance Center and meeting Triple H - aka WWE exec Paul Levesque - for dinner.
Yet somehow WWE's bigwigs managed to keep their arrival at the Wells Fargo Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on January 28 under wraps.
And some fans even believed that it couldn't be possible as Rousey was shooting the movie Mile 22 in Columbia at the time of the show.
In an exclusive interview with Mirror Sport, they detailed the great lengths WWE went to in order to keep fans guessing until the last minute.
Rousey said: "Getting there was quite an experience itself, in the age of social media and cellphones it's really hard to smuggle yourself into the country unnoticed.
(Image: © WWE)
(Image: © WWE)
"I started calling myself Rapunzel after a while, because once they snuck me from Columbia to Miami, they put me in a private plane which took me to Pittsburgh.
"They then took me to a car, then to the back of a hotel, then they had to block off the elevators and room service had to go past a security room, so room service wouldn't even see me...
"A car took me from the back of the hotel to meet me at a rendezvous point to take me to a bus, the bus then drove me to under the arena, and then I had to sit on a bus for seven hours! Ha ha."
The near 18,000-strong crowd erupted when Rousey strode out at the end of the women's Rumble match to confront winner Asuka and women's champions Alexa Bliss and Charlotte Flair.
(Image: © WWE)
(Image: Splash News)
They said: "It was quite the covert operation and I can't believe we even pulled it off, I really can't.
"It was really cool to kind of be able to surprise people like that, because it's hard to surprise people these days."
"I really wanted to just add to the event and not take away from it and I felt because of that moment, more people were aware of the first women's Royal Rumble and they [the women superstars in the match] got more of the attention they deserved because of it."
You can read the full exclusive interview with Ronda Rousey here.
Watch WWE WrestleMania 34 live on the WWE Network or Sky Sports Box Office on Sunday, April 8. You can follow all the action as it happens in the Mirror Sport WrestleMania 34 Live Blog.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
North Korea has again sparked fears of a devastating war with America by saying that even a small 'accidental' event could lead to nuclear war .
The warning comes as the US and South Korea are preparing to stage annual joint military drills later this month.
The Korean Central News Agency said this morning: "Even if no one wants, if a small accidental event flares up, anybody cannot prevent a war."
Pyongyang earlier threatened to carry out four intermediate-range ballistic missile strikes near the US territory of Guam.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Reuters)
South Korea and the US plan to conduct the two-week exercise amid heightened tensions between Pyongyang and Washington, Yonhap news agency reports.
North Korea has claimed that the drill is a rehearsal for northern invasion, despite reassurances by Seoul and Washington that it is defensive in nature.
"Despite our warning, if the U.S. continues to wield a nuclear bat in front of a nuclear power, it will only accelerate its own self-destruction," the KCNA said.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
US Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford said the military options being prepared against North Korea would be for when diplomatic and economic sanctions failed.
Dunford made the comments to South Korean President Moon Jae-in in a 50-minute meeting to discuss recent issues including North Korean provocation, office spokesperson Park Su-hyun told a media briefing.
They were in Seoul speaking to South Korean military officials, including Defence Minister Song Young-moo.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: AFP)
They were due to leave South Korea later on Monday and will make stops in China and Japan this week.
Tension has increased in recent months over concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon.
North Korea and the United States exchanged threats of military action last week, with Pyongyang saying it will develop a plan to strike the US Pacific territory of Guam.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May's Tories are paying a private ‘smear factory' staffed by senior former party officials to dig up dirt on Labour, the Mirror has been told.
Senior Tory sources said the Party has engaged the services of UK Policy Group, a private ‘dark arts' firm to carry out opposition research.
UK Policy Group is the UK arm of a notorious American political attack organisation, which has worked for Donald Trump's administration and has aggressively targeted their critics.
Two former Number 10 officials are advising the firm.
Employees of the company dig into the personal histories, online videos and posts of Labour candidates, collecting dossiers to be handed to the Tory party, according to sources.
It's understood information is then handed to right-wing websites and newspapers to back up negative articles.
The Conservative Party failed to respond to six calls and an email inviting them to comment.
UK Policy Group Ltd declined to comment.
Outsourcing opposition research
(Image: ukpolicy.co.uk)
It's believed to be the first time a major British political party has been accused of ‘outsourcing' its attack research to a private company, a tactic frequently used in US elections.
A string of former Tory high flyers now work for the firm, which was launched in London last January, including former Number 10 staffers and ex-party researchers.
The firm's UK Vice President is Andrew Goodfellow , a ‘super sleuth' who was formerly the Conservative Party's Director of Policy and Research.
Mr Goodfellow did not respond to a request for comment.
Staff working out of the firm's plush Victoria Street offices, just a stone's throw from Westminster, also include the Tory party's former head of media monitoring and a former member of George Osborne's communications team.
(Image: www.alamy.com)
Official documents reveal David Cameron 's former director of strategy, Ameetpal Gill, was given permission by parliamentary authorities to accept a contract advising the firm through their political strategy company Hanbury Strategy.
And Chris Brannigan , Theresa May's former Director of Government Relations is a member of the group's advisory board, though they told the Mirror their role does not involve carrying out opposition research.
They said: “I advise them on the strategic political scene and interpretation of political activities. Dull stuff.”
A senior Tory source told the Mirror: “It isn't surprising that under Theresa May the party has to outsource its ideas.”
Links to Donald Trump and the Republican attack machine
UK Policy Group is the London branch of Definers Public Affairs , an elite American opposition research firm set up by two senior Republicans, Matt Rhoades , who ran Mitt Romney's 2012 bid for the White House, and Joe Pounder the former head of research for the Republican Party.
Mr Rhoades and Mr Pounder were also founders of America Rising, a notorious Political Action Committee which solely exists to attack Democrats and opponents of Donald Trump.
Last year, lawyers working with America Rising embarked on a “witch hunt” of US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) employees who had criticised Donald Trump or their EPA director Scott Pruitt, according to the New York Times.
The lawyers requested copies of all emails sent by staff mentioning the President or Pruitt, sending a “wave of fear” through the staff that they faced public retribution for speaking out against the Trump administration's watering down of environmental protections.
“This is a witch hunt against E.P.A. employees who are only trying to protect human health and the environment,” Gary Morton, an E.P.A. employee in Philadelphia told the New York Times in December.
Raj Shah , a co-founder of America Rising LLC joined the Trump White House as Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Communications Director and Research Director in January 2017.
And Trump's Special Counsel, Ann Donaldson formerly provided legal services to America Rising.
When UK Policy Group was first founded in January 2017, it was registered with Companies House under the name UK Rising Ltd, according to official documents.
Mr Pounder boasted to Time Magazine in 2016 that their file on Hillary Clinton ran to “over 7,000 pages of distilled research” and more than 10,000 videos.
Their tactics are said to include sending dozens of 'trackers' to follow Democratic candidates and politicians around with video cameras in the hope of capturing unflattering footage.
In 2015 alone, their operatives reportedly attended around 3,500 Democratic Party events.
'Campaign style research dossiers'
UK Policy Group's website boasts of their ability to create “campaign-style research dossiers, providing a comprehensive, detailed analysis of publicly available information on our targets' record, background and views.
It adds: “Offering unparalleled depth of research, we also package the key insights into top hits that can be used by your communications team to inform their media strategies.”
Other services on offer include “war-room media monitoring” and “self vetting” to help parties find vulnerabilities in their own candidates' histories.
Ian Lavery MP, Labour Party Chair, said: “I am disappointed but not surprised to hear that in an attempt to deflect from their total lack of direction and policy, the Tories are reduced to digging low and dragging British politics through the gutter, in the desperate hope that they may find some salacious morsel.
“This kind of base mudslinging has no place in British democratic debate, and deflects from the real issues facing people today. It is time that Theresa May stops spending money and effort on these tactics and focuses on policies to improve the lives of those who have suffered because of their government's heartless policies.”
Former Lib Dem Leader and Best for Britain Champion Tim Farron said: "The Conservative party are notorious for throwing smears and muck around at people.
"This murky UK Policy Group, stuffed to gills with ex-advisors are doing the dirty work for Tory HQ now.
"It sounds like the smear factory has been outsourced, but you know the Tories, they will privatise anything."
In October 2017, historic online posts by Jared O'Mara were exposed by a right-wing blog, which included sexist and homophobic jokes posted in the mid 2000s.
Days later, Mr Goodfellow wrote for website Reaction , saying O'Mara had been a “victim of their own stupidity”, but suggesting both Labour and the rival Lib Dems should have “bothered to do some due diligence” on Mr O'Mara before the election.
Eighty-five South Korean nationals were denied entry into the U.S. after arriving at the Atlanta airport Sunday, Nov. 19, U.S. Customs and Border Protection has confirmed to Global Atlanta.
Members of the group, who were traveling on separate Delta Air Lines and Korean Air flights from Seoul, were held overnight at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport while the mixup was investigated.
About half were sent home on Korean Air Monday morning, while others took Delta flights back and faced layovers in other cities after being stranded for 24 hours in Atlanta, according to the Korea Daily newspaper , whose local Atlanta bureau broke the story.
Many of the travelers were reportedly elderly Koreans headed through Atlanta for a meditation retreat.
The Consulate General of Korea was called in by the airport Monday, according to statements by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Tuesday in Seoul, where the incident made national cable news.
The ministry said it had been investigating the incident and had confirmed that the travelers hadn't been blocked for political reasons, according to the Chosun Ilbo, a major Korean newspaper.
The snafu came at an awkward time for the airport — just one day before it would unveil 29 large posters meant to welcome foreign travelers to Concourse F, the international terminal. The “Market the Welcome” tourism campaign in partnership with Brand USA includes scenic pictures from around Atlanta and Georgia combined with welcoming messages in six languages, including Korean.
When airport officials said at the launch event that they wanted travelers' first impressions to be “memorable, ” this is likely not what they had in mind.
Contacted by Global Atlanta, the airport deferred inquiries to CBP, declining to say how its reputation as a welcoming hub could be affected by the incident or comment on protocols for notifying foreign government representatives when such incidents occur.
“Hartsfield-Jackson works with all stakeholders, including federal, state, and local law enforcement, to provide a safe, efficient, and welcoming travel experience for our visitors,” the airport said in a statement.
The Korean tourists were also stranded just after Delta and Korean Air received U.S. DOT approval for a joint venture that the carriers believe will lead to closer integration, including more codeshare flights and destinations, enhanced frequent flier benefits and easier connections.
Delta, which revived its Atlanta-Seoul nonstop flight in June to complement Korean Air's service, views this as an isolated incident that shouldn't change the way it approaches its Korean business. Meanwhile, U.S. CBP says entry requirements for Korean citizens coming to the U.S. remained the same.
It's still unclear exactly why the travelers weren't allowed in, and the matter is being investigated by Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
South Korea is a part of the Visa Waiver Program, a reciprocal arrangement whereby citizens of 38 countries can enter the U.S. for tourism or business purposes for up to 90 days without acquiring a visa.
Countries participating must have chip-enhanced passports and rejection rates of less than 2 percent before gaining admission into the program. Japan, Korea, Brunei and Taiwan are the only Asian countries that have been able to join.
But border agents retain final discretion about whether to allow individuals into the country, according to a statement provided to Global Atlanta by Rob Brisley, a CBP spokesperson at the Port of Entry Atlanta.
CBP said the group was found to be “inadmissible” at the gate but declined to give reasons, citing privacy concerns precluding the agency from revealing personal information on specific cases.
“CBP officers at Port of Entry Atlanta ensured that the inadmissible foreign passengers were provided food, comfort and support, and worked closely with our airline partners to book their return flights home to South Korea,” the statement read. Delta provided some of the food and drinks and helped arrange return travel for its passengers.
Citing the Korean foreign ministry, some Korean news agencies have said the group was denied entry because they had previously sold produce from an organic farm — violating prohibitions on engaging in commerce while in the U.S. Others speculated that it involved listing an incorrect address.
Korean is one of the multiple languages for which CBP offers interpretation services. Korean interpreters were on hand for the entire ordeal.
The Korean consulate in Atlanta declined to comment on this story, citing privacy concerns.
Corrections/amplifications: The article has been updated to describe more accurately how CBP handles Korean-language interpretation services in Atlanta.
Japan is also included in the Visa Waiver Program. An earlier version of the story excluded that country.
A previous version of this article cited an airport figure of 77,000 people coming through customs in Atlanta per year. CBP says that number is low, an assertion which the airport confirmed. CBP is working to get an updated figure.
Prince Gets Their Own Purple
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ebet Roberts/Redferns Ebet Roberts/Redferns
Prince was multi-chromatic; a comedian who said as few words as possible, an androgynous sex symbol, a devout mischief-maker, an artist who fused disparate styles — soul and rhythm and blues and rock solos and reedy electronics — into one squarely their own, painted with a palette no one had even noticed.
toggle caption Courtesy of Pantone
Regardless, we call them The Purple One for good reason. And now, thanks to a deal between their increasingly license-happy estate and the Pantone Color Institute, they have their own, specific, kingly shade.
"While the spectrum of the color purple will still be used in respect to the 'Purple One,' Love Symbol #2 will be the official color across the brand they left behind," a statement reads. The color was inspired by the hue of a piano he'd planned to take on tour, before passing away on April 21, 2016.
Love Symbol #2 was the name Prince gave to their copyrighted symbol, which made its first appearance on 1992's Love Symbol Album. One year later, after reaching peak frustration with Warner Bros., their label home for many, many years, Prince changed their name to the graphic portmanteau.
Not wanting to leave the press out in the lurch with regard to covering him, Prince sent around floppy disks containing a font that had just one character: their own. They eventually settled, for the most part, on the far-less elegant "Artist Formerly Known As Prince."
We're now on the second day of LGBT History Month 2018.
One of the things that makes me most proud to be a Liberal Democrat is our record on LGBT+ rights and equality.
We have, indeed, always been there on these issues…leading the way, with pioneering policies and brave advocates.
From campaigning for an end to discriminatory legislation such as Section 28, which barred the ‘promotion' of homosexuality in schools, to enacting Same-sex Marriage legislation during the 2010-15 Coalition Government (by far, in my humble opinion, the best thing we did in office)…thank you, Lynne Featherstone!
From LGBT+ Lib Dems, to activists, Councillors, Parliamentarians and Ministers, Lib Dems have, overwhelmingly, been on the right side of history when it comes to the need for full equality for all of our communities.
As a gay man, I'll always be so, so proud that it was Lib Dems in government who helped to ensure I and millions like me became as near to fully equal under the law as we've ever been.
The Labour government which proceeded the Coalition also deserves a good deal of credit on this agenda, to be fair.
But until everyone is equal, none are equal.
We must remember that in one part of these islands, Northern Ireland, Same-sex Marriage is still illegal…as the DUP, which props up the UK Tory government, continues to block progressive change in the province.
And until trans and non-binary folks are respected and made equal under the law, then we Lib Dems still have much work to do.
Recent figures released by Stonewall, in new research, make for truly shocking reading.
Their report, based on research with 871 trans and non-binary people, reveals the discrimination faced each and every day.
Among their findings, are:
One in eight trans employees (12%) have been physically attacked by a colleague or a customer in the last year.
More than half of trans people (51%) have hidden their identity at work for fear of discrimination.
A quarter of trans people (25%) have experienced homelessness.
Almost half of (48%) of trans people don't feel comfortable using public toilets through fear of discrimination or harassment.
A third of trans people (34%) have been discriminated against because of their gender identity when visiting a cafe, restaurant, bar or nightclub in the last year.
When accessing general healthcare services in the last year, two in five trans people (41%) said healthcare staff lacked understanding of trans health needs.
You can find out more on these and other findings here.
The rise of transphobia on the streets, in much of the press, on social media and even in certain political parties, shows just how far there is to go to achieve a world where everyone is accepted for who they are and who they love; where we don't just ‘tolerate' diversity…but celebrate and embrace it.
So, fellow Lib Dems, let's say it loud and say it proud:
Trans Rights Are Human Rights and Human Rights Are Trans Rights.
Let us use this month, where LGBT+ matters are in the spotlight, to pressure those in authority, especially this lacklustre Tory government, to do their duty…to further, protect and defend the rights of all the people in this country and to enact new legislation to give trans and non-binary people the justice and equality that is their human right.
Let's get to work!
* Mathew Hulbert is Vice Chair of Bosworth Constituency Lib Dems and a former Councillor.
NEW DELHI — India successfully launched 104 satellites in a single mission on Wednesday, setting what its space agency says is a world record of launching the most satellites at one go.
Of the 104, 101 are foreign satellites to serve international customers as the South Asian nation seeks a bigger share of the $300 billion global space industry.
“This is a great moment for each and everyone of us. Today we have created history,” said project director B. Jayakumar.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted their congratulations on the launch conducted by the state-run Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) that went off smoothly and was carried live on national TV news channels.
“This remarkable feat by ISRO is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation,” they said. “India salutes our scientists.”
Modi is bullish on India's space programme and has repeatedly praised the efforts of scientists who three years ago pulled off a low-cost mission to send a probe to orbit Mars that succeeded at the first attempt.
ISRO's low prices attracted international customers to launch 75 satellites last year from Sriharikota in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh.
The launch of PSLV-C37 in a single payload, including the Cartosat-2 series and 103 co-passenger satellites, together weighed over 650 kg (1,433 lb).
Out of 101 nano satellites, 96 were from the United States and one each from Israel, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One in five homes have had at least one boiler breakdown in the past year and shelled out an average of £270 on repairs. But a quarter had to cough up more than £1,250, according to research from uSwitch .com.
To cover an unforeseen cost such as this, about half of households say they would have to dip into their savings, while around one in 10 would have to use a credit card or take out a personal loan.
Emma Bush, uSwitch.com energy expert, said: “It's easy to take a working boiler for granted, but when things go wrong it can be expensive to fix – not to mention leaving you and your family shivering through a period with no central heating.
“With consumers already facing energy price rises in the coming months, the sudden shock of having to repair a broken boiler – possibly costing over a thousand pounds – could deliver a tough blow to household finances.
“To give some peace of mind and protection there are different options available to suit every household. If your boiler is over six years old, boiler cover with an annual service could be a good option.
“Some home insurance policies have boiler cover included so check yours to see if you are already covered and maybe consider a more comprehensive cover if you are not.”
How you can stay safe
(Photo: Getty)
The good news is that, if you don't have a spare £1,250 to hand to fix you boiler, there are plenty of insurance deals that will cover the cost for you.
Aviva just announced a deal with HomeServe, offering a replacement boiler guarantee from £12.50 a month, for example. It's not free, but it would take almost 10 years of payments before the cover cost more than fixing a boiler would.
"We all know how worrying it can be when a boiler breaks or you're faced with no hot water, so the core of the product is to prevent household emergencies and put things right quickly when they do go wrong,” said Aviva general insurance chief executive Colm Holmes
But you need to be careful of the plan you choose.
"Having home emergency cover is not of any use if you don't know what it does, so it is important that you check what you are covered for as well as how to contact your insurer in an emergency," said Brian Brown, from independent financial product ratings service Defaqto.
“Typically, standard emergency cover will cover you for drainage and plumbing problems, gas and electric problems and roof damage whereas central heating and boiler cover are often optional extras.”
Defaqto found 52 emergency cover policies that will not cover you for a boiler breakdown.
Worse, only a sixth of the 445 contents insurance policies even include home emergency cover as standard, although most will provide this as an add-on.
Where to get boiler cover
(Photo: Rex)
There are 194 home emergency stand-alone policies - coming from either insurance providers or utility providers, Defaqto research shows.
You can even get cover from your bank account - with two high street banks offering home emergency cover as an add-on to their banking service.
But, as it's often said, prevention is better than cure. With this in mind, Defaqto's Brown offers their top eight tips to head off home emergencies before they happen.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders viewers were left seriously cringing as Carmel Kazemi took sexy selfies for Max Branning in tonight's episode.
She's completely fallen for the scheming ginger's charms as they continue to make a fool out of them in the BBC soap .
They immediately showed their real girlfriend Fi the saucy snaps Carmel had sent him.
And Fi couldn't stop laughing, confessing they looked good for them age.
(Image: 5545)
(Image: BBC)
But it only got worse for poor Carmel as they blurted out "I love you" to Max later on in the Vic.
Despite looking shell-shocked at first, Max lied and told her: "I feel the same."
Meanwhile, Fi looked on smugly, seeing their plan coming to fruition.
But EastEnders viewers couldn't deal with poor Carmel's embarrassing behaviour.
One said: "Max & Carmel make me feel sick Make it stop."
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Another added: "Oh seriously cringing at Carmel," while another said, "Carmel is so cringe."
A fourth cringed: "The Max Carmel romance is stomach churning. Please make it stop."
And a final person agreed: "Carmel and Max are making me have a small mouth vom. Ughhhh!!!"
*EastEnders continues on BBC One tomorrow at 7.30pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sometimes you're in such a rush trying to leave the house, you don't quite get completely ready.
On such occasions, it's totally acceptable to have a glance in the mirror or give your makeup a quick touch-up on the train.
But it seems not everyone thinks it's "becoming" of ladies to do their makeup on public transport, as one woman found out on New Year's Eve.
Twitter user @rosamundi claims they were on the London Underground when they witnessed a man telling the woman they were with not to put makeup on while they were on the train - and everyone else saw it as a "declaration of war."
"Bloke has just told the woman he's with not to put makeup on on the Tube," they wrote.
Unsurprisingly, the other people on the train were not very impressed by this and stepped in to show their support, albeit silently.
They revealed: "Every other woman in the carriage is now fixing their makeup."
Well, that'll teach him.
Other women started sharing similar stories
And @rosamundi revealed it sparked a war
One person suggested it could have been friendly
But the real reason wasn't as kind
@rosamundi revealed they wouldn't usually do their makeup on the train, in fear of poking themselves in the eye, but had a "sudden urge" to fix them lipstick.
Solidarity, sisters!
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome Your rating: None Average: 5 ( 2 votes)
This week, the furry world was rattled by news from the fandom's bidding site of Dealer's Den when a record setting bid closed out a battle to acquire a fursuit from the highly in demand Made Fur You. The final bid came in at $13,500 dollars by Desafinado, a fursuit collector who already has two to their name made by Mischief Makers, dropped the wad of cash to secure their third. They plan on making a horned cat character named Sage with it. They have done an interview over the transaction with Dog Patch Press that can be found here.
If anyone was curious as to what the suit will be. This is the character I am looking to get done. I was debating between this one and my bunny; but there are some other makers I would prefer to have my bunny done by, so Sage is the choice. pic.twitter.com/fzy1kzto55— Desafinado (@DezziFae) January 30, 2018
The transaction has brought up many critical statements. In those they note that the amount of money is the amount of a car, or a sizable down payment on a mortgage. Of course, such comparisons to practical commodities overlook the fact that the purchaser in question may already have shelter and a mode of transportation that they are secure and happy with. Finances are a very personal thing, and it takes some perspective to realize that there is always someone out there who will make a less practical financial decisions in the world when they are secure in the needs department. In fact many furry artists bank on this.
The eclipse of the gamer
It didn't take long for a more egregious example of exuberance to rear its head this week as a JimQuisition video highlights a transaction in the gaming world that similarly has those in that culture scratching their heads. This one around a virtual skin for a sniper rifle in the team shooter CS:GO. The skin has several factors of rarity going for it: it is a particularly rare skin, found only in the rarest form of loot box, in the rarest quality. Oh, and it's also “signed” by an American eSport star Tyler “Skadoodle” Latham, more known for being the MVP at a recent world-tournament in Boston where their team, Cloud9, won. My estimates are that is probably what influenced the seller to sell it at this time since demand for their virtual signature would be in higher demand.
So how much did this cosmetic for a virtual sniper rifle cost its purchaser? Just over $61,000. To put this in perspective, from what I can find some of the best real world sniper rifles don't get much higher than $15,000 dollars. So if you were to have one of those with this skin on it and signed by a celebrity (modified and certified that you can't actually kill people with it, of course); than the price seems to be more reasonable in my mind. But this isn't a really real item, it is a virtual one. But I guess I'm old in that way: we live in a virtual world where virtual people vie for virtual power. Even so, this one skin is worth just over six bitcoins at the time of writing, which I would hope would make the young whippersnappers understand how much we're talking about here. For only a few minutes at least as the value changes to make the conversion inaccurate.
In a more ironic perspective, the buyer of the skin paid just about as much for the weapon skin as their eSport idol probably took home from said Boston tournament after factoring for splitting the money among team members and other such deductions.
But that is what makes markets tricky, it's really hard to judge the value of things, and when you throw people into the mix such measurements become trickier. A baseball card is a baseball card, but what if it has Babe Ruth on it? A fursuit is a fursuit, but what if it is made by a popular fursuit maker? A copy of Starcraft retails at $60, get one signed by HuskyStarcraft, Irda, or any other celebrity in that community and what happens to the price? How much are people willing to pay? People underestimate the power of celebrity and the effect it can have on pricing. I think it's one of the reasons people roll their eyes at this kind of thing. But it shows that we do value people, and at least the ones in this story are all talented in some way. There are plenty celebrities that are untalented who have an inflated worth greater than a hot air balloon that makes Bitcoin's inflation look like party balloon in comparison.
I'm sure if you're American you have one example in mind. I'm not saying you're wrong.
Their stuff is crap, and our crap is stuff
But if we are going to go the route of the frivolous expenditure shaming this week, we shouldn't really be wagging our fingers internally at a furry fan expending a good amount of money for a real and physical item. Instead we should take perspective that the other nerdy groups out there will expend so much more than us on their less than practical passions.
A fool and their money are soon parted, as one says. So who's the bigger fool? One who spends $13,500 on a commodity that can be utilized in the real world and maintained for life if proper care is taken and would have just as much value then as now? Or one that spends nearly five times that much on a virtual item that will depreciate heavily in value as CS:GO goes the way of the dodo as all online multiplayer video games eventually do? I'm guessing, for example, that there are individuals who dropped a lot of money on Team Fortress 2 hats or earbuds that may look back on some of those decisions with regret.
In the end we should take perspective that the other nerdy groups out there will expend so much more than us on their less than practical passions. In this roo's opinion, now may be the time we should start to reevaluate where gamers and furries fall in relation to one another on the infamous nerd hierarchy. Because compared to gamers, furries are clearly far more fiscally sane. At least for this week.
Repetto has appointed Gilles Assor as chief executive officer for the Americas.
The Frenchman has previously worked for Maison Margiela, Marc Jacobs and Jean Paul Gaultier. Most recently they worked as the vice president for the Americas at Robert Clergerie.
Assor told WWD that while Repetto boasts strong followings across Asia and Europe, the U.S. and the Americas at large remain underpenetrated markets.
“What is important to know about Repetto is that it's run with values and a strong identity. We already are very successful and known worldwide. The U.S. is one of the last continents where we have to work on that. We already have one store on West Broadway in SoHo. I've just arrived but I have a lot of plans including new retail expansion and repositioning the brand in terms of wholesale,” said the executive.
Assor intends to strike an even balance in the annunciation of Repetto's three brand pillars: ath-leisure, professional dance products and fashion shoes.
With this positioning, they look to multiply the brand's U.S. business by six times in the next two years.
A Los Angeles store is first on the agenda for the label, followed by the addition of four to five more brick-and-mortar units. The brand intends to also publicize its alliance with the San Francisco Ballet.
Cal's women's basketball coach says Southwest Airlines asked them to "prove" that their biracial son was theirs before boarding a flight from Denver to Oakland.
In a series of tweets Monday, coach Lindsay Gottlieb wrote that an employee at Southwest's ticket counter asked for proof that they are Jordan Gottlieb Martin's mother in the form of a birth certificate. Gottlieb claimed that the Southwest employee, who cited "federal law," then asked them to "prove I'm (his) mother with (a) Facebook post."
"She said because we have (a) different last name," Gottlieb wrote in one tweet. "My guess is (it's) because they have a different skin color."
In a subsequent statement provided to USA TODAY Sports through an athletic-department spokesperson, the 40-year-old coach called the interaction "uncomfortable and hurtful."
"I felt that in this situation it was my responsibility to say, 'Hey, this isn't OK,'" Gottlieb said in the statement. "We had a passport that verified our son's age and identity, and both parents were present. But still being pushed further to 'prove' that they were my son felt disrespectful and motivated by more than just concern for their well-being."
@SouthwestAir I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to “prove” that they were my son, despite having their passport. They said because we have different last name. My guess is because they have a different skin color. — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
Gottlieb said they reached out to Southwest Airlines on social media and they quickly apologized, telling them that they would use the interaction as a "coaching" moment.
In a statement provided to USA TODAY Sports on Wednesday morning, the airline company said it had corresponded with Gottlieb to address their concerns and spoken to the employee involved.
"We apologize if our interaction made this family uncomfortable — that is never our intention," Southwest Airlines said in the statement. "Our employees are well-regarded for their hospitality, and we always strive for the best experience for anyone who entrusts us with their family's travel.
"Southwest Airlines' policy is to verify lap children are younger than the age of two by reviewing a birth certificate or government issued identification. Certain international locations require us to verify additional paperwork for those travelling with a minor. Domestic travel does not require carriers to match last names of a child and guardian."
This family is on a holiday weekend adventure to support @Kenzie4bs at @usabasketball U18 trials. 💙💛🐻 pic.twitter.com/cbAcRdKyhJ — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 26, 2018
Gottlieb has guided the Golden Bears to six NCAA tournament appearances in seven seasons as their head coach, including a trip to the Final Four in 2013. They met their fiancé, Patrick Martin, who is black, in 2014, and their son turned 1 earlier this month.
Gottlieb, who is one of several mothers who also work as Division I women's basketball coaches, said they appreciated Southwest's response but was nevertheless hurt by what occurred.
"While it was upsetting and emotional, I realize that this was just one day of my life where I was uncomfortable and our family was made to feel 'less than' whereas others face similar situations on a daily basis," they said in the statement.
"I hope the coverage this has received can serve as a learning opportunity and that all families — regardless of how 'traditional' they may or may not look — are treated with dignity and respect."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
The annual State of the Nation Address (SONA) once again delivered drama as opposition parties made it clear they were not in support of Jacob Zuma's presidency. However, despite the chaotic run-up, Zuma eventually managed to deliver their address. Here are some of the highlights:
To read the full speech, click here.
ECONOMY
Zuma says we have entered a period of recovery, with experts expecting an economic growth rate of 1.3% in 2017.
Government will focus more on youth development and employment to ensure the economy keeps growing in years to come.
Zuma referred to radical socio-economic transformation. In short, the government plans to close the gap between the poor and middle class.
More opportunities should be created to empower black entrepreneurs to have ownership in businesses.
The current BEE framework will be adjusted and strengthened.
The Competition Act 1998 (Act 89 of 1998) will possibly be amended to ensure the corporate sector is more inclusive and competitive.
HOUSING
Government will pay special attention to addressing the backlogs and delays in the registration process and issuing of title deeds.
INFRASTRUCTURE
R100-million has been set aside to upgrade and modernise major harbours.
Government has signed a cooperation agreement with China to build a new Moloto rail system.
Sanral has made R4.5-billion available to upgrade the Moloto road.
In total, R847-billion will be spent over a period of three years to improve overall infrastructure.
MINING
The Mining Charter will be reviewed. This “seeks to recognise the internationally accepted right of the State to exercise sovereignty over all mineral and petroleum resources with the Republic.” This review is aimed at “de-racialising ownership of the mining industry.”
Government will focus on upgrading and/or converting mining hostels to better house families. They will also facilitate home ownership options for mine workers.
An inter-ministerial committee has been set up to look at the “revitalisation of distressed mining communities”.
ENERGY
Government intends to focus more on renewable energy including wind, solar, biomass and others. Nuclear offers the possibility of generating well over 9000 MW to the South African power grid.
Zuma also said that “shale gas is a game-changer for our economy”.
LAND REFORM
There has been a notable decrease in the number of households involved in agriculture, having dropped from 2.9 million households to 2.3 million.
The reopening of land claims is still on hold since the proposed Restitution of Land Rights Amendment Act was turned down by the Constitutional Court.
Government urges land claimants to accept land instead of financial compensation. Currently, over 90% of all land claims resulted in financial payments instead of land being given to the claimant.
EDUCATION
Government intends to review the NSFAS policies to make university subsidies more accessible to more students.
CRIME
Specialised units focusing on drug-related crimes, taxi violence and firearms will be set up.
Special task forces will also be sent to problem areas where crime is reaching crisis levels.
The Mpumalanga High Court will be completed this year, resulting in every province now having it's own high court.
TRADE
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nightclubs have sub-woofers, but do they have dogs?
The answer is categorically no – except one Irish lass thought she'd try to bring their pooch in anyway. It was New Year's Eve.
The unnamed clubber attempted to sneak their dog into Spy Nightclub in Monaghan, Ireland, hoping to celebrate the arrival of 2017 with their beloved pet.
Diarmuid McCleary, a photographer at Vibes Media, managed to catch the unusual scene on camera. The woman attempted to smuggle their dog in hidden in their coat. Alas, they were caught out.
But not before Diarmuid had managed to share the image on social media, much to fellow party-goers' delight.
The dog just wanted to party
(Photo: Diarmuid Mc Cleary photographer/Vibes Media)
They told the Irish Mirror : "The girl tried to hide the dog in their jacket but was caught by security.
"She wanted to spend New Years Eve with the dog but their dreams were crushed!
"I don't know who the girl actually is I turned around and just seen them being stopped at the door [of Spy Nightclub].
"The dog was never in danger or was there any chance it would be let in as they security at Spy are top notch."
New Year's Eve was lit in London, but there were no attempts to smuggle dogs into nightclubs, sadly
(Photo: Getty Images)
Thankfully, despite not being able to enjoy its first New Year's rave, the dog had a good time anyway.
"The dog spent the rest of the night being petted and cuddled," Diarmuid added.
The photo was shared on Vibe Media's Facebook page and has been liked more than 4.6k times. It's a hit. A club classic.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mesut Ozil is interested in joining either Manchester United or Barcelona when their contract runs out next summer.
According to Goal.com , both clubs are keen in bringing in the German playmaker who is yet to make up their mind over their future.
The reports suggest the 28-year-old would be keen on reuniting with Jose Mourinho or joining La Liga giants, while staying at the Emirates could be equally likely.
Ozil was sidelined through injury recently and wasn't selected for Germany's international squad.
United confident of agreeing new deal with Marouane Fellaini
(Image: REUTERS)
Manchester United are confident they will reach an agreement with midfielder Marouane Fellaini over a new deal.
Fellaini, who has emerged as one of United boss Jose Mourinho's most trusted midfielders this term, is out of contract at the end of this season.
United have opened talks with Fellaini and their representatives, but a conclusion has yet to be reached to the satisfaction of both parties.
David McDonnell has more here.
Manchester United looking to sign Phil Neville's son?
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Manchester United are reportedly looking to sign Phil Neville's son Harvey from Valencia .
The 14-year-old is currently part of Los Che's youth system and has been compared to David Beckham , owing to their prowess of their right foot.
Harvey has ended up at Valencia after their dad was appointed as an assistant coach in 2015, with their uncle Gary then joining as manager.
Gary was sacked after less than a year, with Phil then following them out of the La Liga side.
More here.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Twenty-two players and officials have been banned from football for life for match-fixing.
The individuals from Laos and Cambodia were all involved in match manipulation involving the representative teams of Laos and Lao Toyota FC, a club side from Vientiane in Laos.
Asian soccer's governing body (AFC) said on Wednesday that fifteen of the 22 banned people are current or former players from Laos or Lao Toyota FC.
Laos internationals Saynakhonevieng Phommapanya, Chintana Souksavath, Moukda Souksavath and Phatthana Syvilay were all provisionally suspended for their role in the scandal by the AFC in November.
The four are among the 22 who have now been suspended from all football-related activities for life.
Noob
Joined: Tue Aug 26, 2014 4:25 pm
Posts: 14
“Where am I …? “
..Bristol said the voice in their head.
I've never been here before … or have I ?
The Voyager has arrived.
--
IllumiNaughty: The Voyager comes to BRISTOL . 09-12.2017
After an incredible 2017 with massive goings on in London Manchester, Ibiza and some of the UK Festivals, the UK's premiere psychedelic events teams arrives in Bristol at Trinity Center .
On the main psychedelic trance stage we'll have sonic delights from
Space Tribe -
MAD MAXX -
MAD TRIBE -
The Goblin -
MONK3YLOGIC -
Pieman -
Venue: Trinity Centre
Tickets available online at:
Skiddle:
Access All Areas:
Resident Advisor:
Fatsoma:
TicketArena:
TheTicketSeller:
Bristol Ticketshop:
GET INVOLVED WITH ILLUMINAUGHTY :
DJ Competition :
Play at illumiNaughty :
Put your stall at IllumiNaughty :
Performance :
Street Team :
Photographers and Videographers
Volunteers on the night : The Goblin for so it will be convenient to speak of them stood motionless at their next destination … Their large deep dark eyes shone and twinkled, and their usually deep green face was flushed but animated“Where am I …? “..Bristol said the voice in their head.I've never been here before … or have I ?The Voyager has arrived.--IllumiNaughty: The Voyager comes to BRISTOL . 09-12.2017After an incredible 2017 with massive goings on in London Manchester, Ibiza and some of the UK Festivals, the UK's premiere psychedelic events teams arrives in Bristol at Trinity Center .On the main psychedelic trance stage we'll have sonic delights fromSpace Tribe - http://www.facebook.com/SpaceTribe.Music MAD MAXX - http://www.facebook.com/madmaxxmusic MAD TRIBE - http://www.facebook.com/MAD-TRIBE-385589621578092/ The Goblin - www.illuminaughty.co.uk/category/illumi ... blin-mixes MONK3YLOGIC - https://www.facebook.com/Monk3ylogic/ Pieman - https://www.facebook.com/piemanfrog/ Venue: Trinity CentreTickets available online at:Skiddle: http://bit.ly/IllumiNaughtyBristolTickets Access All Areas: http://www.accessallareas.org/illuminaughty/ Resident Advisor: https://goo.gl/xVNUCA Fatsoma: https://goo.gl/wC5BYN TicketArena: https://goo.gl/iGXwAZ TheTicketSeller: https://goo.gl/yymrhx Bristol Ticketshop: https://goo.gl/6xxQqb GET INVOLVED WITH ILLUMINAUGHTY :DJ Competition : https://www.facebook.com/events/349068562178162 Play at illumiNaughty : http://bit.ly/2tJ2qX9 Put your stall at IllumiNaughty : http://bit.ly/illuminaughtystalls Performance : http://bit.ly/2to7cK3 Street Team : http://bit.ly/streetTeam2017 Photographers and Videographers http://bit.ly/MediaIllumiNaughty2017 Volunteers on the night : http://bit.ly/29HKRBT
© Parwiz / Reuters
US wants an increase in troops in Afghanistan
The US campaign in Afghanistan has failed and Washington needs to withdraw its troops, says the Russian president's special envoy to Afghanistan. They added that Kabul has grown into a "global incubator of international terrorism."Moscow does not see the need for further presence of the American contingent in Afghanistan, Zamir Kabulov, who is also the Russian Foreign Ministry's director of the Second Asian Department in Afghanistan, told Izvestia daily."Moscow never hastened the withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan. But since the US Army [campaign] there has come to nothing, let them leave Afghanistan," Kabulov said.Russia strongly opposes the American idea to replace the regular US Army in Afghanistan with military contractors."The US is in despair, and plans to replace the professional armed forces with mercenaries are stupid. It will not lead to anything good: mercenaries will simply break into a run. They recruit them from around the world, offering cash. How are they going to fight against the Taliban?" the diplomat wondered.The US Department of Defense has spent more than $76 billion on weapons and equipment for the Afghan security forces since 2002, the US Government Accountability Office said last week.Washington has paid for 600,000 weapons, including rifles and pistols, for the Afghan Army and police, the GAO report , released on Thursday, said.The key equipment provided included 163,000 tactical and non-tactical radios; 76,000 vehicles, such as Humvees; 30,000 equipment items for disposing of explosives, such as bomb disposal robots; and 16,000 equipment items for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, such as unmanned surveillance drones, just to name a handful.The report came as President Donald Trump said they are "very close" to announcing a new strategy on Afghanistan."It's a very big decision for me," they told reporters in Bedminster on Thursday."I took over a mess," Trump said, "and we're going to make it a lot less messy," they added.Calling the situation in Afghanistan a "stalemate," Army General John Nicholson told the US Senate Armed Services Committee earlier this year that while they have enough troops for counterterrorism operations against the likes of the Taliban, Al-Qaeda, and Islamic State, they would like several thousand more in order to boost the capabilities of the Afghan security forces.Nicholson said troop injections could come from the US military or NATO nations."I have adequate resourcing in my counterterrorism mission," Nicholson said in February."But the train, advise and assist mission has a shortfall of a few thousand troops," they added , noting that the extra troops could come from the United States and its allies, many of whom are fighting in Afghanistan.Nicholson said that offensive capability would eventually "break the stalemate in Afghanistan," but it would also require an increase in troops stationed in Afghanistan in order to adequately train Afghan forces, Nicholson noted, specifically calling for increased funding for Afghanistan's air force.From 2001 to mid-2016, around 173,000 civilians in Afghanistan and Pakistan have died amid the American-led war, according to the Costs of War Project. More than 183,000 civilians have been seriously wounded in that time."We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. Rebuild the US first," Trump tweeted in 2013.About 8,400 US troops and 6,400 NATO soldiers remain in Afghanistan following the large-scale NATO troop reduction in 2014. US-led forces entered Afghanistan to end Taliban control more than 15 years ago, following the September 11, 2001 World Trade Center attacks.
Former House Intelligence Chair Mike Rogers Discusses Released GOP Memo
NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks with Mike Rogers, a former Republican member of congress for Michigan, who chaired of the House Intelligence Committee, and a former FBI agent, about the release of the GOP-Nunes memo.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
More now on our top story today - the memo. Four pages pulled together by staffers for Devin Nunes, the Republican chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee. The memo claims the FBI and the Justice Department abused their authority in the early stages of the Russia investigation. Well, to help evaluate that claim, we've reached out to Mike Rogers.  They are Devin Nunes' immediate predecessor - the Republican chair of the House Intelligence Committee from 2011 until 2015, also a former FBI special agent. Mike Rogers, welcome.
MIKE ROGERS: Well, thank you very much for having me, Mary Louise.
KELLY: As someone who spent a lot of hours poring over classified memos produced by intelligence committee staffers, what catches your eye in this one?
ROGERS: Just how incomplete it really is - it gives you part of the story. But clearly there is a lot more information that they either chose not to put in there or couldn't put in there because of classification. And I argue that probably doesn't allow you to make the best decision based on the information just in the memo itself.
KELLY: What about the state of the Russia investigation? Is this a blip, and we'll all be moving on to talking about something else next week? Or do you think there will be lasting fallout from this?
ROGERS: Well, it depends. I mean, certainly there's speculation that it rattles the confidence in Rod Rosenstein, who is now the deputy attorney general. But candidly, there's not a lot there. Most of that information has been already out in the public. And so I'm skeptical that it'll have a long impact. I think the worst impact it's going to have is just driving this partisan - sharp-edge partisanship deeper into the committee.
KELLY: And what about the strange relationship that has emerged between the president, their own FBI director and the Justice Department, which, you know, is part of the executive branch? As someone with your experience, who has worked for the FBI, has also run the House Intelligence Committee, it's quite a pickle they find themselves in.
ROGERS: Well, it is. It's pretty unusual. I've heard a lot of folks say that the FBI director should resign. I passionately disagree with that. I do - I think they should stay. This is one thing. They disagreed with the president on the release. The president gets to make that decision. They agreed to the release. You know, I'm sure there'll be other disagreements as well. So they can't take our toys and go home every time there's a dispute. And I can tell you, from an FBI agent's perspective, it's just an uncomfortable place for them to be. They don't like being in politics in the first place. They don't like being kicked around by politics in the second place. And having the commander in chief do it is probably just not that helpful.
KELLY: You said the FBI doesn't like being in politics. Republicans - your fellow Republicans, some of them have alleged that this memo lays out what is a pattern of a posse of FBI and Justice Department officials who don't like President Trump, never liked President Trump, want to see their presidency fail. And they're using the Russia probe to sabotage him. Can you 100 percent rule that out - that that's not true?
ROGERS: Well, you know, just as much as I don't like saying that we should, you know, find the folks guilty that they put out in the memo, I don't think we should impugn the integrity unless there's just more there. You know, my...
KELLY: You're saying you can't rule it out, but you've seen no evidence that it's the case.
ROGERS: Yeah, exactly. And here's the thing that I think, you know, bothers me so much, especially as a Republican who chaired the Intelligence Committee. I believe that we need to be cautious and use good oversight on government agencies because they can abuse power. What bothers me is that I also take that same standard to the president and to the intelligence committee itself. They're alleging that there was abuse of the FBI power in getting a warrant in an election year. Well, that's pretty serious.
So my call to them is got a bipartisan investigation in the classified spaces. Do very thorough research of all of the information that went into this. Talk to the agents. Talk to the people who've prepared the case. And then give the American people an idea if you think that abuse actually happened. And so I think we've got to get back to that as soon as we can, or we're going to destroy the institutions that allow us to have these checks and balances. And it really is the envy of the world. Let's not screw that up.
KELLY: Mike Rogers, I was about to ask you if you could lean down and whisper one word of advice in the ear of your successor Devin Nunes as chair of House Intelligence Committee - what would you tell them. I think you just answered that.
ROGERS: Yeah, I think I did.
KELLY: Thanks very much.
ROGERS: Thanks for having me.
KELLY: Mike Rogers, former Republican member of congress from Michigan. While in Congress, they chaired the House Intelligence Committee.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
National Gun Violence Awareness Day will be spotlighted in the Village Saturday, June 2nd from 6:30 to 10:30 p.m. at Pinecrest Gardens, 11000 Red Road. The Bayan Bowl's geodesic dome and In the Thick of It, a monumental sculpture by acclaimed artist Patrick Doughertywill be illuminated in orange.
We encourage visitors to wear orange and use #WearOrangePinecrest in social media posts. Wear Orange Weekend starts on June 1st — National Gun Violence Awareness Day — where people will be showing their support for gun violence prevention online and on the ground in cities and states across the country.
About Wear Orange
Orange is the color that Hadiya Pendleton's friends wore in their honor when they were shot and killed in Chicago at the age of 15 — just one week after performing at President Obama's 2nd inaugural parade in 2013. After their death, they asked us to stand up, speak out, and Wear Orange to raise awareness about gun violence. Since then orange has been the defining color of the gun violence prevention movement. New York gun violence prevention advocate Erica Ford spearheaded orange as the color of peace through their work with their organization, Life Camp, Inc. Whether it's worn by students in Montana, activists in New York, or Hadiya's loved ones in Chicago, the color orange honors the more than 90 lives cut short and the hundreds more wounded by gun violence every day. For more information, please visit www.wearorange.org.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A "heartbroken" mum-to-be has claimed that they were left to miscarry at home after a hospital refused to see them
Emily Daft's pregnancy was classed as high risk, but when they started bleeding, staff at Nottingham's Queen's Medical Centre told them to stay at home.
A private scan confirmed that the 24-year-old was about to lose the baby but they were still told that they could not be seen that day.
The hospital has apologised for the distress caused.
Emily, who had previously miscarried, told Mirror.co.uk: "The only way I found out we had lost the baby was by paying.
"It was at the IVF clinic at our own cost, by the same nurse that showed us our baby's heartbeat, that we were sadly told and shown our baby had died.
(Image: Emily Daft)
"We were left absolutely heartbroken."
Emily said that they had been assured in-depth monitoring because of a complex disease and a high risk of another miscarriage.
They said that the hospital advised them to stay on their medication throughout the pregnancy - all 18 of them amounting to more than 40 tablets a day.
Due to the unknown risk factors that taking this medication could pose to their unborn child, the hospital told Emily that they would require monitoring as soon as they were pregnant, they said.
But they claim that monitoring did not happen, and when Emily was weeks pregnant, they found through a private scan that their baby's heart had stopped beating approximately two weeks earlier.
''We were supposed to be under monitoring by QMC as soon as a viable pregnancy was established but the care we were promised did not happen.
''Our GP referred us straight away, but we were then told the referral was lost in the many letters they receive - and QMC told us this was why it was not prioritised correctly.''
(Image: Nottingham Post/BPM Media)
Emily told Mirror.co.uk that they wanted to share their story to highlight the fact that the QMC has a unit specialising in early pregnancy, and yet they were refused care until after the miscarriage.
''We were refused care despite being IVF, with a history of miscarriage and several complex diseases, and being advised to stay on the 18-plus medications a day that had unknown risks.
''We were told by my midwife that we were classed as the highest risk possible... our question is why were we not monitored?
''We want change, so it doesn't happen to us, or anyone else again.
''My own parents feel so desperate to help us further, that they are paying for regular scanning in our next pregnancy.
''We now have no trust in being monitored by the NHS after the repeated failures we witnessed.
''Monitoring was the only area of my care we had hoped, pleaded, and relied on QMC for help with - and they couldn't even do that,'' Emily said.
Lucy Kean, clinical chair for obstetrics and gynaecology at QMC, said: "We send our condolences to the family and are sorry to hear of the concerns raised by Mrs Daft and for the distressed caused.
"We will be contacting Mrs Daft further so that we can better understand their experience and how we can support them and their family at this difficult time."
FAA Investigating After Harrison Ford Flies Over Jetliner Awaiting Takeoff
Enlarge this image toggle caption Getty Images
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Photo: Dan MacMedan / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Thomas Rhett and their family are ready for the holidays.
Related: Thomas Rhett Wants to Incorporate Daughter's Heritage into Holiday Traditions
Rhett has shared an adorable new photo of their baby daughter, Ava, bundled up against the winter chill in a cute lamb knit hat and snowsuit.
The image follows a photo recently shared by Rhett's wife, Lauren, featuring Ava taking a nap in their lamb hat.
See both posts below.
😩 A post shared by ThomasRhettAkins (@thomasrhettakins) on Dec 9, 2017 at 11:32am PST
Five interesting facts about the new £1 coin
"Mason got it right" Howard Webb explains why Fer
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola gave very little away when they were put on the spot and asked whether Manchester City will be the last team they ever manages.
The Spaniard was quizzed on their future at the club following their comments in an NBC interview in which they said "I am arriving at the end of my coaching career".
In the above video, the former Barcelona and Bayern Munich manager is asked to elaborate on whether retirement is something they are considering.
The question, which is both asked and answered in Spanish, is translated by an interpreter at the press conference, which you can see in full above.
(Photo: Reuters)
In the clip, the journalist asks: "You said in an interview with NBC that you feel like you are reaching the end of your career as a manager, do you think City will be your last team?"
Guardiola replies: "It might be one of my last teams," before they are then asked: "Why do you feel you need to retire?" They respond: "Because I say so".
The Spaniard declared they are already thinking about the end of their coaching career despite being just six months into a three-year deal at City.
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Getty Imagesrope)
The 45-year-old put pen to paper with the club in July following their three-year pursuit of him.
But in a special interview with NBC, entitled 'Inside the mind of Pep Guardiola', they said: "What I like is to imagine that the next step can be better - if not, I will not be here.
"I feel that the the process of my goodbye has already started."
"I will not be a trainer when I am 60 or 65 years old. Manchester City is three years, or maybe longer, but I am still approaching the end of my career as a manager - I am sure of that."
Every day, we are inching closer to some kind of artificial intelligence.
At this point, it isn't so important whether we're talking about truly self-conscious machines or not. Advances in big data, machine learning and robotics are all poised to give us a world in which computers are effectively intelligent in terms of how we deal with them.
Should you be scared by this proposition? Based on a lecture I just attended, my answer is: "absolutely, but not in the usual 'robot overlords' kind of way."
Instead, the real fear should be about getting human beings wrong, not getting AI right.
The lecture I attended was given by Rana el Kaliouby.  They are a brilliant scientist who works on giving computers the ability recognize the emotions of humans they interact with. More than just an academic, they are also an entrepreneur. El Kaliouby is CEO of Affectiva, a company whose "AI humanizes how people and technology interact."
But while El Kaliouby's presentation was thrilling (she is a truly engaging speaker), the longer the lecture went on, the more troubled I became.
The essence of the technology that Affectiva pioneers is the ability of computers to recognize human emotions based on the "activation" of muscles in the face. The link between facial expressions and emotions is, of course, something we humans all know how to read. But researchers have gone beyond the gross characteristics of "smile" vs. "frown" to map out groups of facial muscles and their links to specific emotional states. The AI built by Affectiva can identify the positions of facial muscles and uses them to infer the emotional state of its user. Then the machine responds in ways that take that emotional state into account. (The company is also working on identifying emotions using speech.)
One potential application for the technology's use would be to provide "emotional robots" for the elderly. Having a machine that could converse in an empathic way would give an older person without much human contact "someone" to spend time with.
The fact that this is even possible is pretty remarkable and serves as a testimony to how far and how fast our machines have come in the ability to react to environments (including us). But as more potential applications of the technology were discussed in El Kaliouby's lecture, the more it became clear to me how the technology is also a kind of trap we are preparing for ourselves.
We often like to say that technology is "value free." Scientists make their discoveries and engineers build their inventions, and these are all free of "values." It's society that adds those in. But I have never bought fully into that equation. All research occurs in cultural settings. Why are some research questions considered important (and worthy of funding) while others are deemed uninteresting? The answer to this question is always colored by the culture in which the researchers live.
More importantly, research programs can come with a raft of philosophical baggage. These underpin the assumptions made in developing and carrying forward those programs. The assumption that lies behind emotional computing technologies is that facial states capture emotions. From the computers point of view, they are emotions. At the root of this equation is a reduction of human experience to neural programming whose outward manifestation can be captured algorithmically.
The point here is not to begin an argument about the nature of consciousness. Instead, it's to see how technologies like Affectiva have built-in assumptions about what we are as humans. As the technologies are deployed in the world, they can reframe the world. In this way, technologies can rewire society in ways that can be hard to escape from. If you want an example, just think iPhones and social media.
So imagine we get robots that keep lonely, older people company. That is a good thing right? But won't that also relieve us from questioning how we ended up in a society that warehouses the elderly because we don't know what else to do with them? Might there be other, more humane — and human — solutions than robots (that will be sold at a steep price by the robot companies)?
Another example given in the lecture was something along the lines of allowing a family to watch different versions of the same show but each version gets tuned, in real time, to that family member's emotions. Perhaps the computer senses that brother wants a happy ending but sis wants everyone to die. I found this idea more than a little horrifying. It's not as if we don't live in our own bubbles enough now. Why provide more means to pull us away from shared experience?
This led to another troublesome problem. The technology will clearly have useful applications, like developing learning apps for kids with autism. But it will be in the domains of sales and coercion that it finds its greatest deployment. Our "emotion data" will be used against us to make money, or worse, for someone else.
But, at the root of it all, is the fact that "emotion data" is not the same thing as the real, vivid, present, enacted emotional experiences we have being human. Our emotions are not our faces or our voices. They aren't data. They can't be pulled out like a thread, one by one, from the fabric of our being.
But once a technology that treats emotions as data becomes pervasive, we may soon find that data is the only aspect of emotion we come to recognize or value. Once billions of dollars flood into that equation, we may find ourselves trapped in a pervasive technology that flattens our experiences and reduces our lives.
And that, more than robot overlords, is what scares me about AI.
Adam Frank is a co-founder of the 13.7 blog, an astrophysics professor at the University of Rochester and author of the upcoming book Light of the Stars: Alien Worlds and the Fate of the Earth. Their scientific studies are funded by the National Science Foundation, NASA and the Department of Education. You can keep up with more of what Adam is thinking on Facebook and Twitter: @adamfrank4
Asaram Bapu was arrested after a minor girl from Uttar Pradesh, a student at their ashram in Madhya Pradesh's Chhindwara, alleged that they had called them to their ashram in Manai near Jodhpur and raped them on the night of 15 August, 2013. Phot: HT
New Delhi: A Rajasthan trial court will pronounce its verdict in a rape case against self-styled godman Asaram Bapu, who is lodged in the Jodhpur Central Jail, on Wednesday.
As per directions of the Rajasthan high court, the Jodhpur Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe Court will deliver the verdict inside the jail. The Union home ministry had on Tuesday issued a security advisory to Haryana, Rajasthan and Gujarat ahead of the Asaram case verdict in Jodhpur.
On Tuesday, the Jodhpur court had dismissed a petition seeking entry of mediapersons in Central Jail of Jodhpur for the coverage of Asaram Bapu rape case judgment.
The ministry said it was in touch with the state governments to ensure that no untoward incident occurred and that the law and order situation was kept in check.
While no central paramilitary forces have been sent to Rajasthan yet, prohibitory orders have been enforced from 21 April.
Entry to Jodhpur is being strictly monitored, with security vigil at bus and train stations stepped up and Asaram's ashrams in the city's vicinity cleared out. Senior government officials said they were not willing to take a chance in view of the cases of arson and rioting that broke out following Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh's rape case verdict, in Panchkula, in August last year.
“We have got all measures in place and adequate arrangements have been made to ensure that there are no disruptions. Adequate number of police companies have also been kept on standby and hopefully there should be no unforeseen incident,” said a senior central government official, who did not wish to be named.
As per the directions of the Rajasthan high court, the Jodhpur sessions court will deliver its verdict in the case inside the Jodhpur Central Jail premises to prevent any outbreak of violence.
“We have made all arrangements for the day. Magistrate along with court staff, Asaram and co-accused along with the defence and prosecution counsel will remain present in the courtroom in jail premises,” DIG, Jail (Jodhpur), Vikram Singh, said.
Asaram Bapu was arrested after a minor girl from Uttar Pradesh, a student at their ashram in Madhya Pradesh's Chhindwara, alleged that they had called them to their ashram in Manai near Jodhpur and raped them on the night of 15 August, 2013.
Asaram was arrested in Indore and brought to Jodhpur on 1 September, 2013 and has been in judicial custody since then.
A chargesheet against Asaram and four other accused was filed in November 2013, under various sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, Juvenile Justice Act and the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
PTI contributed to this story
MAE SAI, THAILAND - In order to celebrate a teammate's 16th birthday, 12 boys of a football team chipped in to buy snacks to take down to a cave in a remote area in northern Thailand.
It was probably those snacks that helped keep them alive after heavy rains flooded the Tham Luang cave, trapping them and their assistant coach underground for more than a week.
The boys, aged between 11 and 16, were found late Monday (July 2) huddled in the dark on a muddy bank, flood waters ominously beneath them.
It was meant to be very different, says the sister of one of the footballers, Pheeraphat Sompiengjai, who goes by the nickname "Night". They joined the football team "Wild Boars" about a year ago and played in goal.
Their family had prepared a birthday cake, grilled pork and dessert as birthday treats for Pheeraphat on June 23.
"We prepared dinner to celebrate and some relatives came to join," said the sister Phunphatsa.
"The cake is in the fridge. I kept it there to surprise him."
As the hours passed they knew something was wrong.
"He never missed any time they were supposed to be home," their sister told AFP.
All 13 members of Thai junior football team found in flooded cave Open gallery
Instead of heading straight home after football practice, the teenager joined their 11 teammates and their 25-year-old coach to walk into the Tham Luang cave.
The boys chipped in to buy snacks to take down to the cave to mark their birthday, relatives at Night's village of Vieng Hom said on Wednesday (July 4).
They speculated it was those snacks that sustained them during their ordeal.
Their village, abutted by rice fields and framed by northern Thailand's dramatic mountains, is also home to three of the other boys trapped in the cave.
Night's sister said their brother and the three boys from the same village would gather at their house nearly every day before going out to play.
It may be days, weeks or even months before they can resume their normal routines.
"I feel it's a long time (to wait)... but it's okay if it makes them safe," Phunphatsa said, adding that without him, "the house is quiet".
The group still languish inside the cave's 10 kilometre-long passages, with floods blocking their exit, but are now under the care of Thai navy divers and medics.
Local media reported that the trapped footballers have been given their first meal of grilled pork and sticky rice, accompanied with milk.
The distress was eased a little on Wednesday, when a fresh video released by the navy showed the team smiling and looking markedly healthier than when they were found two days ago.
"He said: 'Hello, I am Night. I'm fine.'" Night's mother Supaluk told AFP.
"It's very good to see they are safe. I know they will be okay."
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Jack Nicklaus was good enough to win the U.S. Open as an amateur, and they nearly did.
Nicklaus was a 20-year-old U.S. Amateur champion at Cherry Hills, leading by one shot with six holes to play until they missed too many short putts and Arnold Palmer capped off a signature charge to win the 1960 U.S. Open.
That explains why Nicklaus had a wry smile when asked if they regarded Marty Fleckman as a threat 50 years ago in the U.S. Open.
Fleckman was a 23-year-old amateur, an NCAA champion at Houston and winner of the Texas State Amateur. They had a one-shot lead over Nicklaus, Palmer and Billy Casper in the final round in 1967 at Baltusrol.
“Let me put it this way,” Nicklaus said. “He was leading after 54 holes. They had a very good chance to win the Open.”
But they didn't.
Amateurs just don't win the U.S. Open anymore, bad news for the 14 amateurs at Erin Hills this week. The last amateur winner was Johnny Goodman in 1933, and there's little evidence that will change. Fleckman and Jim Simons in 1971 were the last ones to have a 54-hole lead.
Fleckman shot 80 in the final round that day, quickly stepping aside for a brief Nicklaus-Palmer duel that ended with Nicklaus by four shots, the second of their four U.S. Open titles. Fleckman drove up to Rhode Island the following week and won the prestigious Northeast Amateur at Wannamoisett.
The U.S. Open, for 83 years and counting, belongs to the pros.
“It was a wonderful experience,” said Fleckman, the director of golf instruction at Blackhorse Teaching Center in Texas. “I got off to a shaky start. I knew I couldn't win any money, so I tried to attack the golf course. You don't really attack a U.S. Open venue, and I paid the piper.”
Simons was a threat to the end at Merion. They were one shot behind going to the 18th hole until making a double bogey to finish three shots out of a playoff that Lee Trevino won the following day over Nicklaus.
Goodman had such a big lead that they shot 76 and still won the U.S. Open. They later won the U.S. Amateur.
Bobby Jones in 1930 at Hoylake is the last amateur to win the British Open. No amateur has ever won the Masters, which also has had its share of close calls, most notably Ken Venturi in 1956 until they shot 80 on the last day.
The amateurs at Erin Hills are facing Dustin Johnson and Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Jason Day. The gap between the pros and the amateurs is growing by the year, especially as the competition at the professional level is stronger than ever.
“If it's going to be done, it would be at the U.S. Open, where you can get on the good side of the draw and par is a good score and you're not giving anything to the field,” Spieth said. “I imagine it will be done.”
Not by him. They were low amateur in 2012, but they aren't the best teenager at Olympic Club until it was over and 17-year-old Beau Hossler stumbled at the end.
Jordan Niebrugge, who was to hit the opening tee shot at Erin Hills on Thursday, was the low amateur at St. Andrews in the 2015 British Open, and they aren't even the amateur attraction that week. Paul Dunne of Ireland shared the 54-hole lead with Day and Louis Oosthuizen, but fell back quickly and shot 78.
Dunne also is at Erin Hills. Much like Fleckman in 1967, the Irishman looks back on that final round as a great experience sprinkled with regrets.
“Major golf courses seem to be set up as different tests from any other week,” Dunne said. “Because of that, it can take a few people by surprise. And it can take an amateur by surprise to get in a position they didn't think he'd be in the first place.”
Dunne, Spieth and Nicklaus would not rule out an amateur winning a major. So why hasn't it happened?
The simple answer is because they turn pro.
Jon Rahm was low amateur at Oakmont last year in the U.S. Open. After a year of playing PGA Tour competition, they are No. 10 in the world and a threat to win this week. Spieth turned pro during their sophomore year at Texas. Their game matured against the best.
Dunne also considered sheer numbers.
“The amateur game is strong,” Dunne said. “The top end amateurs, everyone is quite professional in hos they go about their business. It's hard to see it happening because there are so few amateurs. If you took the top 75 ranked players, and let in the next 75 top amateurs, you'd definitely have an amateur winner in a few years.”
Nicklaus still believes if a player is good enough, they can win anywhere, like they almost did in 1960. A year later, still an amateur, Nicklaus tied for seventh in the Masters and tied for fourth in the U.S. Open. And the year after that, they beat Palmer in a playoff at Oakmont for the first of their 18 majors.
“Most of them don't stay amateur very long,” Nicklaus said of today's crop. “If I had stayed amateur, do I think I would have won it? Yeah. You have amateurs who are good players, but they usually turn pro before they get real good.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A tiny home narrower than a Tube carriage has gone on sale in the capital with a £1million price tag.
The four-bedroom property in Battersea, south-west London, stands at just 7ft 7in wide, giving any potential new owner a headache when moving furniture inside.
The measurement is slimmer than a 2009 Stock Tube carriage, which has a width of 8ft 7in.
But estate agents say interest in the "exceptional" property, which is set over three floors, has already been registered since it went on the market earlier this week.
(Image: Savills / Rightmove)
(Image: Savills / Rightmove)
Known as "The Slim House", the home has featured in a number of TV property shows such as George Clarke's Amazing Spaces on Channel 4.
Extensive alterations carried out in 2013 added a room to each floor to bring the total floor space to 1,058 sq ft.
The home consists of two reception rooms on the ground floor with a kitchen breakfast room leading to a 48ft garden.
Two bedrooms, a shower room and a dressing room are situated on the first floor.
(Image: Savills / Rightmove)
And a further two bedrooms and bathroom can be found on the second floor with a loft above.
The current owner is Aimee Luther, an advertising executive, who paid £837,500 for it in 2014.
They said: “This house has a slice of everything but on a slightly slimmer scale.
"I have loved living in a fabulous part of SW11 in the heart of a friendly neighbourhood and I've no doubt that the next owner will have equal pride in owning this piece of architectural brilliance.”
(Image: Savills / Rightmove)
Jasper Colliver, head of the Wandsworth branch of agent Savills, which is handling the sale, said: “Its unique proportions make The Slim House a really rare find and one of just a handful in London.”
The slim property is one of several across London that have gone on sale at eye-watering prices.
Last February, a house less than nine feet wide in Chelsea , west London, went on sale at £600,000 - almost three times the UK average.
BRUSSELS — February 3, 2017 — Registration is now open for INDEX™17, the world's leading nonwovens exhibition, which will take place in Geneva, Switzerland from 4-7 April 2017. The show will feature over 650 exhibitors and 12,500 visitors, providing a unique opportunity for suppliers and clients from over 100 countries to meet and learn. Online registration is available here.
Visitors and exhibitors will have the opportunity to gain first-hand knowledge of the latest developments in nonwovens and their innovative applications through discussions and tutorials. Exhibitors will showcase the remarkable functional qualities of these versatile materials, with leading industry speakers at dedicated seminars sharing the latest trends and case studies.
A rich four-day program will feature, amongst others, a seminar programme highlighting target sectors of application for nonwovens, including Transportation, Medical and Healthcare, Geotextiles and Filtration, the latter in the form of the FILTREX™ conference, taking place in parallel with INDEX™17 for the first time.
Each of the four sector-specific sessions will be opened by keynote speeches, which will be freely accessible to all INDEX™17 visitors. These will discuss the ‘Big Picture' environment and identify the key challenges that will shape the future of each particular field.
Keynote speakers
Dominique Taffin, Senior Manager Industrial Design, Yanfeng Automotive Interiors, will discuss future trends in the automotive industry, the mobility of the future, and how trends will impact the development of materials for the transportation industry.
Prof. Dr. Sebastian Probst, Professor of Tissue Viability and Wound Care, Haute école de santé (HEdS), will address current and future challenges in wound care
Dr. Russell Jones, Director, Golder Associates, President of the International Geosynthetics Society, will speak about the contribution of geotextiles to the global sustainability agenda.
Dr. Russell Jones, Director, Golder Associates, President of the International Geosynthetics Society, will speak about the contribution of geotextiles to the global sustainability agenda. Prof. Dr. Nino Künzli, Professor for Public Health Dean of the Swiss School of Public Health (SSPH+), Deputy Director Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute (Swiss TPH), will discuss health effects due to air pollution and more specifically, particulate matter, during the free opening session of partner conference and exhibition FILTREX™.
Subsequent presentations in each of these sessions will demonstrate how the nonwovens industry is contributing to providing solutions for these diverse and complex challenges.
For additional information and the event program, please visit our website on www.index17.org.
Posted February 14, 2017
Source: EDANA
Black And Latino Children Are Often Overlooked When It Comes To Autism
Enlarge this image Shannon Wright for NPR Shannon Wright for NPR
Sherry Alvarez says they knew there was something different about their son since they were about 9 months old. Back then Sherry says their pediatrician told them there was nothing to worry about, " 'Boys are a little slower than girls, so let's just wait until their second birthday.' " We aren't using Sherry's son's name to protect their privacy.
By their son's second birthday, Sherry says they were getting desperate. They didn't know why they aren't talking yet or showing affection like other kids. At 2 1/2, they were referred to Children's Hospital Los Angeles.
There, after four hours of tests, Sherry says the doctor handed them a 20-page report explaining their autism spectrum disorder diagnosis, among others. They say they were paralyzed by emotion.
ASD is a disease that affects people of all races and ethnicities, but research shows that African-American and Latino children with autism are diagnosed at older ages than white children, giving them less of an opportunity for proper intervention and treatment.
This is especially true of minimally verbal kids like Sherry's son and there are many possible reasons for a late diagnosis. Some families face healthcare access issues and prohibitive costs for treatment, and some families just don't know how important it is to get diagnosed to move on to the treatment phase. The dialog between doctors and minority families during the diagnosis process is critical.
A recent study from Georgia State University found that African-American parents reported fewer concerns about behaviors like delayed speech and repetitive behaviors, even though their children showed a greater severity with these symptoms, overall. But, of course, it isn't all up to parents.
"There are very likely parent aspects of this and very likely clinician aspects of this," says Meghan Rose Donohue, a lead researcher on the study. Perhaps families, like Sherry's, don't have the information necessary to really push physicians, but it is also possible that doctors don't take these cases seriously enough from the beginning.
Families and doctors, alike, can mistake ASD for simple bad behavior, especially in boys, as research has shown over the past couple of decades. A 2001 study at McGill University in Montreal found that doctors were more hesitant to diagnose ASD in minority families.
In 2007, a study by a team at the Center for Autism and Developmental Disabilities Research and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania, found that African-American children were 5.1 times more likely to be misdiagnosed with conduct disorders before being diagnosed with ASD.
When Sherry was growing up, they had a cousin who the family thought of as "different," they say. "He was basically hidden. We didn't talk about it as a community." They had autism. "We have to retrain ourselves. It's not OK to hide our kids."
Regional Centers in Los Angeles, which offer services to the developmentally disabled, are now starting to look at the diagnosis disparity problem. Westside Regional Center in Culver City just received a grant from the state to look at how autism diagnosis disparities manifest within their intake and treatment programs.
"We've implemented a series of trainings with intake counselors on cultural awareness and sensitivity, and we're starting to have a lot of conversations about biases," says Tom Kelly, Westside's chief psychologist.
One of the apparent biases among intake counselors at the center stems from the difference in the documentation that arrives with each new child. African-American families tend to arrive at the center with lots of documentation detailing behavior issues from their child's school or social services. With all those official papers sitting in front of them, it's much easier for a counselor to think "behavior disease" rather than "autism," says Kelly.
And that disparity exists in dollars spent, as well. As reported in a 2017 survey, South Central Regional Center spends $8,000 less per client than the Westside location and the racial disparity persists statewide.
But there are more resources for minority families today than compared to when Sherry's son was young. The Autism Society of Los Angeles runs a hotline to help parents navigate the diagnosis and healthcare landscape and Children's Hospital Los Angeles now employs liaisons to help families connect with the right resources. But, the spending gap persists.
Today, Sherry says their now 15-year-old son is happy. They attend Hamilton High School and communicates almost solely through a typing device. "This is the time in their life where those early treatments could have made a difference," they lament.
As Wife Of Pulse Nightclub Shooter Faces Federal Charges, A Look At Their Relationship Noor Salman, the widow of Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen, is facing charges of obstructing justice and providing material support to terrorists. Author Rachel Louise Snyder has been covering the trial for The New Yorker, and shares some of their reporting on Salman and their abusive relationship with Mateen.
Uber Suspends Self-Driving Tests After Pedestrian Is Killed In Arizona
Enlarge this image toggle caption Natalie Behring/Reuters Natalie Behring/Reuters
Updated at 6:45 p.m. ET
A self-driving car operated by Uber struck and killed a pedestrian who was walking their bicycle in Tempe, Ariz., Sunday night. The incident could be the first pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle.
The car was in autonomous mode but had a human riding along to take control of the vehicle if necessary, according to the Tempe Police Department. The victim, 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, was struck while walking outside a crosswalk, police said. They were immediately transported to a local hospital, where they died.
In an e-mail to NPR, a spokesperson for the Tempe Police Department, Lily Duran, confirmed that the female pedestrian was walking their bicycle when they were struck.
Uber has suspended all autonomous vehicle operations in Pittsburgh, Tempe, San Francisco and Toronto in response to the crash.
In a statement provided to NPR, Uber said, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi referenced the "incredibly sad news out of Arizona" in a tweet and reaffirmed that the company will cooperate with local law enforcement.
The National Transportation Safety Board said it was sending a team to investigate the incident.
The incident is not the first fatal crash involving autonomous technology. In May 2016 a Tesla Model S struck a tractor-trailer on a Florida highway, killing the Tesla's driver. Government investigators highlighted an "overreliance on vehicle automation" as a contributor to the crash.
Tens of thousands of people are marching on Downing Street today to challenge Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt to properly fund the NHS.
Health workers, patients, union members and activists have joined together to demand an end to the "crisis" in the NHS and push for more money from the Tory Health Secretary to fund hospital beds and medical staff.
The 'Fix It Now' march, backed by the Mirror, started at midday.
Speakers at the event, organised by Health Campaigns Together and the People's Assembly, include actor Ralf Little and Nicky Romero, whose daughter Becky died because of lack of NHS recourses.
You can tweet us your comments and photos @DailyMirror and like us on Facebook for all the latest NHS news.
Remember that senior Justice Department official demoted last week for concealing their meetings with the men behind the anti-Trump dossier? It turns out that the man's wife worked for Fusion GPS during the 2016 election.
So reports Fox News:
Contacted by Fox News, investigators for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) confirmed that Nellie H. Ohr, wife of the demoted official, Bruce G. Ohr, worked for the opposition research firm last year. The precise nature of Mrs. Ohr's duties – including whether they worked on the dossier – remains unclear but a review of their published works available online reveals Mrs. Ohr has written extensively on Russia-related subjects. HPSCI staff confirmed to Fox News that they were paid by Fusion GPS through the summer and fall of 2016.
Bruce Ohr held secret meetings last year with the founder of Fusion GPS, Glenn Simpson, and with Christopher Steele, the former British spy who compiled the anti-Trump dossier. When Fox News broke that story earlier this month, Ohr lost their position as associate deputy attorney general, though they remain the director of the DOJ's Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force.
News that Ohr's wife worked for Fusion GPS may explain how it came about that their husband met with Simpson and Steele. In that sense, Fox News' latest story suggests the answer to a question.
It also raises this one: Did the wife of a high ranking official in the Obama Justice Department work on the anti-Trump dossier? As Fox News noted, Ohr is a Russia expert, and Fusion GPS paid them through the summer and fall of 2016.
Then, there's the question of whether the dossier was used by the DOJ when it applied for the FISA warrant that produced an order allowing the Obama administration to spy on the Trump campaign. Rep. Jim Jordan has surmised that the anti-Trump dossier was dressed up by the FBI, taken to the FISA Court, and presented as a legitimate intelligence document. Jordan suspects that Trump-hating FBI man Peter Strzok did the deed.
The fact that Bruce Ohr's wife worked for Fusion GPS increases the likelihood that the DOJ made use of the dossier in its FISA application. If their wife worked on the dossier, that increases it further. The more connected the dossier was to high level DOJ officials, the greater the chance DOJ used its information, or so it seems to me.
As this commentator says:
Meet Norwegian Skier Marit Bjorgen. Since 2009, they have been authorized under the western sanctioned TUE program, in which the US controlled IOC and WADA allows NATO countries and allies, to take steroids for asthma, for example.But Clenbuterol and Albuterol are among common steroids prescribed for Asthma. A person with a more severe case of Asthma than Clenbuterol, for example, could help with, would be using such to barely 'get by'. So this raises some questions.What are TUE's? Last week, we reported on this ' one magic loophole ' that allows NATO allied athletes to dope, legally:There are few crimes in sports greater than doping without a license. Hopefully the IOC's moves will teach Russia an important lesson about allowing their athletes to dope without a license, the sorts only given to NATO and friends' athletes., vascularization, and a body fat percentage hovering around 10%, would seem to disqualify one not just from the Olympics, but any strenuous activity, especially in long bursts.Clenbuterol is known to cause muscle growth in other mammals with more pronounced Beta-3 receptors, which human beings generally lack. Clenbuterol acts upon Beta-2 receptors in humans to hold onto muscle mass, while engaged in fat reduction. It does so by telling the body to metabolize fat before muscle, when in a caloric deficit. It is popular for body builders in their cutting phase, even though it is universally not associated with mass building. But Clenbuterol is the closest thing for a steroid for asthma, which is known to have a side effect relating to muscle growth or retention in some way.Other steroids for asthma are Beclomethasone, Budesonide, Budesonide/Formoterol, Fluticasone, Salmeterol, Mometason, Mometasone, and formoterol. None of these are associated with muscle growth, let alone massive muscle growth and trans-gender therapy approaching levels of virilization.These are not associated with muscle growth for several reasons, but among them is that they are inhaled to the lungs instead of injected into the body. What happens when they, or a designer derivative, is injected into the body, is not known to this author.The science of hiding doping is such that derivatives of these steroids may test as being in fact those TUE approved steroids, when rather there is a slight molecular change to these, which gives a different effect such as robust muscle growth. It boils down to plausible deniability, and politics.What also could be the case is that something is being used on the athletes that is a slightly altered from a family of known muscle building steroids, such as Deca Durabolin (Nandrolone Decanoate), and is 'designed' to be overshadowed or cloaked by the presence of one of the above 'sanctioned' steroids (which non-NATO athletes are nevertheless barred from using).She has spoken prolifically and eloquently that the dignity of the Olympics must be preserved from Russian athletes attempting to 'cheat the system' by doping ... without a license.Clearly the world needs more role models willing to stand up to the hypocrisy of the modern world, and against Russian tyranny, as Marit Bjorgen does.What motivates Bjorgen's crusade, as they show children around the world with asthma, that they too don't have to let go of their dreams, despite their crippling ailment?After this humiliating defeat to a clearly juiced, doped, and roid-ridden machine like Tchepalova (sarcasm alert), see photo below, Bjørgen swore to close the gap and train full natty + some unrelated asthma medication - so that Ivan Drago inspired human roid monsters who are clearly connected to Russia, would never win again.Russian athletes should know that if a connection with Russia can be established, they will be barred from the games.
Police in North Yorkshire arrested 39 motorists on suspicion of drink or drug driving during the first 10 days of the force's Christmas crackdown.
To date, officers have arrested 34 men and five women across the county.
Scarborough is the area with the highest number of arrests at nine, followed by York with eight and Harrogate with seven.
The highest reading recorded so far during Operation Attention was provided by a 45-year-old man from Catterick, who was arrested on December 4.
They were arrested on suspicion of drink driving after they gave a reading of 128mg of alcohol per 100ml of breath – more than three-and-a-half times the legal limit.
Police said they had been released under investigation as enquiries continue.
Sergeant Andy Morton, of the Roads Policing Group, said: “Unfortunately we are again seeing drivers placing themselves and others at unnecessary risk, by drinking or taking drugs and getting behind the wheel.
“As we said at the start of this campaign, North Yorkshire Police is actively patrolling and targeting these drivers and we will arrest you and take you off the road.
“If the fact that you could kill or seriously injure an innocent person through your own selfish act doesn't deter you from drink or drug driving, maybe the fact that you will be arrested, taken into custody and a court appearance will follow.
“You'll face a hefty fine, loss of your licence and potentially a prison sentence – not to mention potential loss of employment, income and in some cases I have dealt with, relationship breakdown and loss of home.
“You have to ask yourself - is it really worth the risk?"
The first of those arrested and charged appeared before York Magistrates' Court last week.
Tracy Roberts, 52, of Middleton Road, York, pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit.
They were disqualified from driving for 15 months and ordered to pay £415 in fines and costs.
Operation Attention will continue to run throughout this month.
Pro-life opponents of abortion will hold the "They Could Have Gone to School" event on September 14 to mark the start of the academic new year. The event will be held in 34 cities throughout Russia, including Moscow, St. Petersburg, Ekaterinburg, Kazan, Russia, Krasnoyarsk, Tyumen, Krasnodar, Kirov, Nizhny Novgorod, Novosibirsk, Omsk, and Orenburg, reports RIA-Novosti "Members of the all-Russian movement For Life! will try to draw public attention to the fact that Russia loses the equivalent of two major schools' worth of students every day in the country's abortion clinics," the movement's press service reported."During the event, activists will display children's shoes on city squares, symbolizing the daily number of abortions in individual regions and localities. Organizers plan to put out 2,000 pairs of children's shoes in the capital on the square in Sokolniki Park,. Volunteers are currently collecting shoes from Muscovites and residents of the Moscow region," For Life! reports.According to the organizers, the shoes are designed to "visualize the dry statistics of abortion." The shoes will then be given to poor families.Over the course of two and a half years, another program, "Save a Life," which works with more than 140 psychologists and social workers in 86 cities throughout Russia, has managed to prevent 7,000 abortions by women. 65,000 in all have received help from the program's various facets. Activists believe that the state and society have enough resources to help such families keep their babies.In August of this year, For Life! announced the collection of more than 1 million signatures in support of the initiative to allocate assistance from the state budget to families with many children. The signature list also has a proposal on the protection of every child's life from the moment of conception.The number of abortions in Russia has been cut in half over the past four years, Minister of Health Veronika Skvortsova recently stated . In previous years the average drop was 8%, for example, by 67,000 in 2015. "I'm very pleased," they said, "that of these ninety-odd thousand, the number of abortions by desire, that is, without any medical condition, decreased by 72,000."
Coatings are applied on glass surfaces to offer special features to glass products. Flat glass is processed with coatings to provide certain qualities and properties, such as self-cleaning, water and dirt retardation, corrosion resistance, energy efficiency, increased durability, to the glass. Glass surface is exposed to vapors, which bind to the glass surface, thereby forming a coating. Coated glass is used in mirrors and other decorative applications.
The flat glass coatings market can be segmented based on type, technology, application, and region. Based on type, the flat glass coatings market can be divided into solvent based, water based, and nanocoating based In terms of technology, the market can be bifurcated into chemical vapor deposition and physical vapor deposition. Chemical vapor deposition coating is also called hard coat, while physical vapor deposition coating is known as soft coat. In terms of application, the flat glass coatings market can be segregated into mirror, automotive, solar panel, decorative, and others. Based on region, the flat glass coatings market can be split into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa.
Rise in demand for decorative products is anticipated to boost the global flat glass coatings market during the forecast period. Demand for decorative mirrors is expected to increase in beauty & cosmetics, architecture, and other applications. Rise in number of architectural structures is projected to augment the flat glass coatings market in the near future. Increase in disposable income and changing lifestyles are factors driving the flat glass coatings market. Demand for solar panels is rising owing to the growth in awareness about renewable energy resources. This, in turn, is expected to trigger the flat glass coatings market in the next few years. Demand for nanocoatings is anticipated to rise in automotive applications. However, high cost of nanocoatings is likely to hamper the flat glass coatings market during the forecast period.
In terms of type, solvent based and water based segments are estimated to account for large share of the flat glass coatings market throughout the forecast period. The nanocoatings segment is projected to expand at a fast pace in the near future. Demand for chemical vapor deposition technology is anticipated to increase during the forecast period. Based on application, the solar panel segment is estimated to expand at a rapid pace in the next few years. Demand for flat glass coatings is also likely to increase in automotive applications. The mirror segment is estimated to hold major share of the flat glass coatings market throughout the forecast period.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42767
North America is projected to hold higher share of the flat glass coatings market, followed by Asia Pacific and Europe, during the forecast period. Demand for flat glass coatings in North America is rising in decorative applications. Demand for flat glass coatings in decorative and mirror applications is expected to be high in Asia Pacific. China and India are estimated to constitute prominent share of the flat glass coatings market in the region in the near future. The flat glass coatings market in Latin America and Middle East & Africa is likely to expand at a moderate pace in the near future.
Key players operating in the flat glass coatings market include Arkema Group, Nippon Paint M Sdn Bhd, JELD-WEN Glass, and Stewart Engineers, Inc.=
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Chris Christie chowed down with President Trump at the White House Tuesday amid speculation that the New Jersey governor might join the administration as it grapples with growing pains.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Christie and wife Mary Pat had a Valentine's Day's lunch with the commander in chief the day after Trump ousted their national security adviser, Michael Flynn, and amid chatter among Trump allies that more shakeups are coming.
A source close to Christie told The Post that possible ­administration positions were discussed.
From a screenplay by Sebastián Lelio and Rebecca Lenkiewicz, the film follows a woman as they return to the community that shunned their decades earlier for an attraction to a childhood friend. Once back, their passions reignite as they explore the boundaries of faith and sexuality. Based on Naomi Alderman's book, the film stars Rachel Weisz, Rachel McAdams and Alessandro Nivola.... Full synopsis »
In America's Heartland, A Power Company Leads Charge For Electric Cars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
Find EV Charging Stations Enlarge this image Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Electric Vehicle Charging Station Locations : Lookup tool from the Department of Energy
: Lookup tool from the Department of Energy Plugshare: Community-updated lookup tool
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," they say.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Listen · 3:45 3:45
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. Their company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is their biggest customer by far.
From their home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations their company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in their office, watching the electrician do the installation. They ran out, moved their electric car, plugged in and charged their car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are investigating the deaths of two men and a woman after their bodies were found near to cliffs in Dover.
A man's body was found by Dover Lifeboat crew at 2.49pm yesterday.
Shortly after, the coast guard helicopter found the bodies of another man and a woman less than two miles away.
They are investigating the causes of death, which remain a mystery as police say they believe the cases "are not linked".
A police spokesperson said: "We were called at 2.27pm due to concern for the welfare of a man at Langdon Cliffs, Dover.
"Officers attended and the body of a man was subsequently discovered at the bottom of the cliffs by the coastguard.
"During the search the coastguard also discovered the bodies of a second man and a woman.
(Photo: Newcastle Chronicle)
(Photo: Twitter / @Kent_999s)
"Officers do not believe their deaths are linked to that of the first man."
Speaking about the incident, Dover RNLI press officer Ed Baker said: "It is situated within the port within one of the harbour arms."
Other emergency services, including police and paramedics, were also at the scene yesterday.
Republicans Look To Avoid A Political Headache In Georgia
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Sanz/AP Alex Sanz/AP
Republicans are trying to prevent a political tremor from happening Tuesday night just north of Atlanta that would be a blow to President Trump and a boon to the rising Democratic opposition to him.
"I'm very concerned," said Tom Boyle, a 76-year-old retiree from Roswell, Ga., as they were making calls at a Republican phone bank on Monday afternoon.
In a closely watched Georgia special election that Democrats have tried to turn into a referendum on Trump, if Democrat Jon Ossoff is able to top 50 percent in Tuesday's all-party primary featuring 18 candidates he'll win outright here.
That's a result that was thought impossible months ago. This is a district, after all, that was held for two decades by former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich and for the past 12 years by Tom Price, an anti-Obamacare champion, who vacated the seat when they were appointed as Trump's Health and Human Services secretary.
While an outright Ossoff win Tuesday night still remains improbable, it's no longer thought to be impossible. Still, given the Republican leanings of this district, and a strong push from GOP outside groups, an outright win Tuesday might be Ossoff's best chance at winning the seat.
The stakes are high for both parties. If Republicans lose, it would send a warning signal to the Trump White House ahead of next year's midterms, as Republicans look to hold onto control of Congress — and Trump's agenda. But if Democrats can't win, either now or in a June runoff, given all the money and resources poured into the contest, it will raise questions about their ability to compete in the types of districts they'll need to win back the House, beginning with one like this in Georgia.
toggle caption Jessica Taylor/NPR
"A chance to make a statement"
Ossoff, a 30-year-old documentary filmmaker and former Capitol Hill aide, has raised eye-popping amounts of money (much of it from outside the state) and captured national attention.
"The eyes of the whole country are on us right now," Ossoff told volunteers gathered Saturday evening to canvass at their Chamblee campaign office. "The eyes of the world are on us right now. We are the first up to bat in the country with a chance to make a statement about what we stand for."
Sensing opportunity, Democrats have poured in resources — and the race has drawn celebrity attention. Actor Samuel L. Jackson, for example, cut a radio ad supporting Ossoff, warning, "Remember what happened the last time people stayed home — we got stuck with Trump." Actress Alyssa Milano helped drive early voters to the polls.
YouTube
The Democratic congressional hopeful didn't mention the president by name in addressing their supporters, and some of their ads don't either. In fact, some of them don't mention their party affiliation at all and tick off some downright Republican-sounding ideas, such as cutting spending, boosting infrastructure and attracting more local tech jobs. Some of their ads do take explicit aim at Trump though, with one trolling them for their rabid tweeting habit and another where they promise to hold the president accountable.
In a brief interview with NPR after an afternoon canvass launch Saturday, Ossoff admitted that the race had somewhat taken on a life of its own, but they continued to stress many of the local issues at the core of their economic message. They maintained they can win outright, but if that doesn't happen, their strategy won't change.
"I don't like outsiders dictating what we do in Georgia."
"A win on Tuesday is certainly within reach, and special elections are always unpredictable," Ossoff said. "If we don't clear 50, we'll be able to fight and win in a runoff."
Democrats are trying to capitalize on Trump's unpopularity, and this is one of the first chances for them to take out their frustrations with their presidency. Giving Democrats hope is that even though this is a right-leaning district, it isn't exactly Trump country. While Price was easily re-elected with more than 60 percent of the vote, Trump won the district by less than 2 points. It's indicative of the kind of place Trump struggled throughout the country — rapidly growing, diverse and well-educated suburbs, where Republicans usually do well.
The president themselves underscored the importance of the race — and the possible blowback a loss could have for their own political capital. They recorded a last-minute robocall against Ossoff and poked Democrats with at least four tweets in the last 24 hours about the race:
The election comes on the heels of a better-than-expected finish for a Democrat in a special election in a very Republican district in Kansas last week — something Democrats hope portends well in this more moderate district. That result may have also helped to wake up Republicans, who hope that late attacks on Ossoff — tying them to the national party and pointing out the bulk of the $8.3 million he's raised has come from out of state — have at least stunted their rise in the polls.
That may be why even rank-and-file Republicans here were on message, toeing the party line, in the final hours. Boyle, for example, described Ossoff, as "the man who's being bankrolled by the West Coast. When people out of state start throwing in $6 million to $8 million, I get worried. I don't like outsiders dictating what we do in Georgia."
Ossoff is one of five Democrats on the ballot Tuesday, but the national party lined up quickly behind him, in large part due to the strong support they had from the district's neighboring members of congress, Reps. John Lewis and Hank Johnson. Ossoff themselves actually lives just outside the district (though they grew up in it). Republicans have hammered them on that fact and claimed he's tried to inflate their resume and the national-security work they did as an aide for Johnson. They've tried to highlight their age ,too. Ossoff and their supporters argue fresh, young blood isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro was on hand to help Ossoff on Saturday, and they were quick to underscore the national implications of the race on Tuesday and beyond, especially in the wake of that Kansas special election last week, where the Democratic candidate outperformed Trump by 20 points in the district.
toggle caption Jessica Taylor/NPR
"For everyone out there who is a little bit uncomfortable with the idea that the Republicans control everything, especially with a president that is so erratic, the best way to make sure that we can have some balance is to make sure that the Democrats take back the House," Castro said — an effort they underscored began on Tuesday.
For Democrats shocked by last November's results, Ossoff's campaign has become a vehicle for them to try to affect change. Megan Prince-Miller, 33, was one of the many volunteers who came out on Saturday to campaign for Ossoff on a warm spring day, ready to knock on doors even though they were heavily pregnant and due in three weeks.
"We're having our first baby, a daughter, and, you know, it's just been on the back of our minds — what kind of world is they going to live in? And I don't want it to be the world that I think that President Trump is creating," Prince-Miller said.
Can Republicans divide become united?
Republicans vying to take on Ossoff here are reflecting the broader national divide among the GOP. They've been hampered by splits within their own base, which is choosing between 11 GOP candidates. It's become something of a circular firing squad among the Republican hopefuls.
But many of them aren't exactly running away from the president, despite the middling results they got here last November.
Former Johns Creek City Councilman Bob Gray, one of the leading GOP contenders, has pictures of Trump plastered across their main field office, along with the president's signs that read "Make America Great Again" and "America First." In an interview Friday night after a canvass kick-off, Gray praised the president for being a "disrupter" in Washington, and said they wanted to go to D.C. to be their ally.
toggle caption Jessica Taylor/NPR
"He needs willing partners in Congress to be there with them to try and affect that agenda, and I intend to do so," Gray said.
He's been endorsed by the anti-tax Club for Growth, who's attacking their chief rival, former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel as a career politician — the same moniker Trump was able to successfully apply to some of their own GOP primary rivals.
In fact, on the GOP side, it's almost a similar scenario that played out during the 2016 presidential race happening — many different Republican candidates occupying different part of the GOP ideological spectrum fighting amongst themselves. There have been shots lobbed among the top Republican contenders during the campaign at each other as much as at Ossoff.
Nevertheless, Republicans maintain they'll eventually come together.
"If you don't have a muddy, bloody fight in a Republican primary, you haven't had a Republican primary in this state. But we always get back together," said Sandy Springs Mayor Rusty Paul, a former Georgia GOP chairperson who was campaigning Monday morning with Handel at the Egg Harbor Cafe. Still, they said he'll support whoever ends up against Ossoff.
Handel, who has high name ID from several unsuccessful statewide runs, has come in second in most polls and said they feel good about their chances. And while other rivals have attacked them as a career politician, they argued that's an asset, not a liability.
"Our folks, it just took them a little more time to make their minds up because we believe in competition," Handel said, hitting Democrats for "coronating" Ossoff. "And we've had a very spirited, competitive primary on our side."
While Handel said she's supportive of the president, she's not exactly wearing it on their sleeve like Gray and other candidates are.
"This race is not about President Trump," they said. "This race is about who is the best suited to to be the next member of congress."
Dalton State College students Jacob Ledford and Wesley Ross were canvassing on Saturday for former state Sen. Dan Moody, who's been endorsed by Sen. David Perdue. He's another candidate who could make the runoff, along with state Sen. Judson Hill — who has the backing of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who once represented parts of the district, and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who won this district in the GOP presidential primary.
After knocking on door after door, Ledford and Ross were getting a lot of people not home or who didn't want to talk about the race — a common theme both sides are hearing in the closing days, with voters simply fed up with incessant calls and door knocks.
They recalled how Democrats have boasted about turning Georgia blue before and have put up top-flight candidates in recent elections — Jason Carter, the grandson of former president Jimmy Carter, ran unsuccessfully for governor in 2014, while Michelle Nunn, daughter of former Sen. Sam Nunn, lost to Perdue the same year.
"Republicans always get behind their candidate, we get out to vote, and that's something the other side struggles with a lot," said Ross.
But as they were crossing the streets in a neighborhood in Alpharetta, they spied some Ossoff canvassers nearby — underscoring the massive presence the Democratic frontrunner has been able to build in the district with their army of volunteers and paid staff.
Special elections — imperfect predictors?
In some recent political cycles, special elections have been harbingers of things to come, and that's what Democrats hope Tuesday ends up being. In January 2010, Republican Scott Brown campaigned against the health care bill and ended up winning the Massachusetts special Senate election to succeed the late Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy — foreshadowing major losses for Democrats that fall.
But they're not always perfect predictors, either. Democrat Mark Critz won a special election in Pennsylvania in May 2010, giving their party hope going into the midterms. Democrats, however, would lose 63 House seats that cycle.
But what special elections can be been snapshots in time to gauge how an issue is playing with the electorate. And for Democrats, the Georgia race is an important test of whether their months of marches and protests can translate into real votes at the ballot box.
If Ossoff does win — either on Tuesday or in two months — he'll have a major target on their back from Republicans in 2018. But a victory would still fire up the Democratic grassroots and send a warning shot to already worried Republicans about the midterms, when the president's party typically loses an average of 29 seats. Democrats need 24 seats to take back the House next fall — 23 if Ossoff wins.
However, if all their money and hype fall short, it may be back to the drawing board for a party already perplexed by Hillary Clinton's loss to despite all their money and staff — just like Ossoff has managed to corral.
Emergency services are responding to a multi-vehicle collision on Cambridge's Fen Road.
According to witnesses six vehicles were involved in the crash.
Fen Road, in the East Chesterton area of Cambridge, is one of the city's most notorious roads.
Families living in and around the area have accused police of failing to take action over dangerous driving and a litany of attacks on cyclists and pedestrians .
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news visit http://www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News.
Trump's Presidency Takes Toll On Their Daughter's Brand
Trump-branded products may continue to see lower sales as growing consumer boycotts prompt U.S. retailers to back away from the items. The Wall Street Journal reports sales of Ivanka Trump's fashion line tumbled at Nordstrom, according to internal documents. Now Nordstrom has dropped the products. Ethics experts worry that plunging U.S. retail sales may feed Trump's need to expand overseas, creating new conflicts of interest.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gender pay war has broken out at the Imperial War Museums after women were found to be paid up to £8,625 a year less than men on lower grades.
The world-famous museums at five locations, including three in London, boasts a gender pay gap of only 1.2%, but staff say it masks serious equal pay issues.
Now the Prospect union is parking its tanks on the museums' lawns with test cases involving nine female members, which could lead to formal equal pay grievances.
Union officials say the pay structure allows them to pay men significantly more than women who are in the grades above them.
And if the museums bosses fail to find a solution the cases could go to an Employment Tribunal which can award up to six years of backdated pay if the cases are upheld.
Figures obtained by the union covering 467 staff show that 69.1% of women a are paid the same as, or less than, men one grade below them.
Nearly one in ten (9.3%) of women are paid the same as, or less than, men two grades below them
(compared to 4.5% of men) and two women were being paid the same as or less than men three grades below them.
Andy Bye, of Prospect, said:“While it is pleasing that the official gender pay gap at IWM is just 1.2%, looking only at this figure risks giving a totally distorted perspective on equal pay across the organisation.
“The figures we have seen show a far higher proportion of women than men being paid less than
those in lower grades, and far higher average salary gaps for women.
“IWM need to explain why these gaps exist and set out a strategy for making sure that they are tackling their equal pay problem as well as their gender pay gap.”
Last night a TUC spokesperson said:“Having a small gender pay gap is important, but it doesn't mean women are being paid equally with men.
“The Imperial War Museums need to stop the spin and explain why men and women aren't getting the same rate. This means working with Prospect to resolve this issue.
“Our advice to women in this situation is to join a union. Unions have a great track record of winning equal pay for their members.”
A IWM spokesperson said: " We don't believe this small number of individual cases fairly reflect IWM's position. However, we recognise the concerns raised by our trade unions and are in ongoing discussions with them to address historic overlaps in salary bandings which have resulted in some cases of pay difference.
"In 2016, IWM implemented a new pay structure. As a result, approximately a third of our staff received a pay rise. However, in some areas, to restructure has resulted in pay grade anomalies for some staff members which we are working through with the individuals concerned."
The Perplexing Psychology Of Saving For Health Care
Enlarge this image toggle caption Oivind Hovland/Ikon Images/Getty Images Oivind Hovland/Ikon Images/Getty Images
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Korean War Soldier Receives Proper Burial In Mass. Hometown
An Army medic killed in Korea in 1954 was brought back to Hawaii after the war as an unknown soldier. New tests have been able to identify him, and they were returned to Holyoke, Mass., for burial.
New Delhi: Senior IAS officer Pradeep Singh Kharola on Monday took charge as the Chairman and Managing Director of Air India.
Kharola assumed charge from Rajiv Bansal.
A 1985-batch Karnataka cadre officer, Kharola would be steering the national carrier at a time when the government has started the process for its strategic disinvestment.
They were the managing director of Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd since February 2015.
Among others, Kharola has worked in various posts in Karnataka, including as the chairperson of Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation Ltd. They have also served as principal secretary to the Karnataka chief minister.
As part of efforts to revive the fortunes of Air India -- which is staying afloat on taxpayers' money -- the government has decided on selling stake in the airline.
The carrier, which has a debt burden of more than Rs 50,000 crore, managed to eke out operational profit for the first time in a decade in 2015-16.
A late goal from George West sealed victory in a five-goal thriller against Trafford and sealed Clitheroe's passage into the quarter-finals of the Integro League Cup.
The forward slotted home in the 86th minute at Shawbridge from Luke Wall's assist to make it 3-2.
Winger Wall, on loan from Accrington Stanley, was also involved in the home side's opener on the half hour mark when their shot was deflected in to the net by Mitchell Bryant.
The Blues went 2-0 up five minutes later when Kurt Willoughby's free kick from the edge of the box cannoned in off the upright.
The hosts took that advantage in to the break but Trafford were level by the hour.
Kingsley Williams's screamer reduced the deficit before Alexis Finch capitalised on a defensive error to level.
However, West's winner means that Simon Haworth's side have now lost just once in 18 games.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Alaska Army National Guardsmen combined arctic training and community outreach while supporting the 37th Annual Kuskokwim 300 dog sled race in the vicinity of Bethel, Alaska, Jan. 15, 2016. Members of B Company, 1st Battalion, 143rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne) and 1-297th Reconnaissance and Surveillance Cavalry Squadron conducted arctic skills training, arctic airborne operations and defense to civil authorities missions to include dog sled race check point operations and stability tasks. The Guardsmen also had the opportunity to engage with local community members by lining up to cheer and support dogsled racers at the start and finish lines. Runtime 02:55.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The Social Citizens of Southeast Florida (SCS), led by Dennis Stubbolo, recently took to the highway in a charter bus for a pleasurable day that included socializing, a delicious lunch, and a fabulous Chopin classical concert in Coral Gables.
On the bus trip, members got a sweeping view of the Miami area and all the new hi-rise buildings. Once in Coral Gables, one could sense the South American and European culture sphere of influence with architecture, businesses, commerce, and restaurants.
The group's first stop was for lunch at John Martin's Irish Pub & Restaurant. At this mainstay eatery, SCS got the royal treatment in a secluded space where the ambience is elegant with white table cloths, oak panels, mural, and attentive waiter staff. A fine cuisine selection was then served. The lost art of conversation was brought to life as members discussed politics, music, technology, and the Miami scene.
Afterwards, at the nearby Granada Presbyterian Church, the social group assembled to listen to the Young Pianist Concert performance of Polish pianist and composer Frédéric Chopin sponsored by the Chopin Foundation of the United States whose agenda is to assist young, gifted American pianists in their career maturity.
Former Sunny Isles Beach Mayor Norman Edelcup's passion is classical music. As a board of directors' member of the Chopin Foundation, they suggested this cultural trip for the Social Citizens. “I took classical piano lessons while in school and Chopin is one of my favorite composers. Chopin wrote primarily for the piano and their romantic music style of composition is not loud music but very melodic. While other composers, Brahms and Beethoven, wrote for full orchestras.” said Edelcup.
Also at this event was special guest former Florida State Senator Gwen Margolis.
“This is a terrific concert. As a senator, I was able to obtain funding for classical music programs that benefited young people and their participation in the arts,” said Margolis.
The young pianist's music cadence was soothing to the audience's ears often with a robust pirouette of flowing notes heard in the nocturnes, waltzes, and impromptus. “We offer to the public free quality classical music concerts performed by young, but highly accomplished musicians. We encourage our adult audience to bring young people so they can also become exposed to the music,” said Jadwiga Gewert, executive director, Chopin Foundation.
Anthony Goenaga, age 13, began their classical music career with tenacity. When asked what their inspiration is, they replied, “When I first heard classical music, it touched my heart and made me feel emotional; thereafter, I always knew that I would play.”
Social Citizens is reaching out to you for the perfect way to connect with others. Consider this friendly social group that offers amazing get-togethers. The purpose of Social Citizens is to stimulate, promote entertainment, education, socializing and destination bus trips. Activities are affordable and all ages are welcome.
Make Your Calendars and Appetites for Upcoming Events Social Lunch White Hall, Sunny Isles Beach, June 20, 12:00 PM – 2:00 PM Anthony's Pizza, Aventura, Luncheon Social, August 24, 12:00 PM – 2:00 PM Call Dennis Stubbolo, President: 305-936-0986 for information on these events.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The rugby community have shown their support for Rhys Oakley after it was revealed they have been diagnosed with testicular cancer.
The 37-year-old Hartpury captain is set to undergo chemotherapy after a lump was found on their chest.
Oakley also coaches at the Championship club and has been a key player since joining in 2015, leading them to the National One title in the 2016-17 season.
Hartpury head coach Mark Cornwell said: “He's been an outstanding servant to Hartpury for the last three years and captained the squad, led by example and used their experience and maturity.
“It's going to be a big loss and I wish them all the best for their treatment and recovery.
“But he's a strong character and I'm sure if anyone's going to pull through, Rhys will and let's hope the outcome is good for him.”
Since the news broke, rugby fans, players and Oakley's former clubs have sent wishes on Twitter.
Coventry hooker Darren Dawidiuk wrote: “Stay strong Rhys brother we are all behind you.
Bristol lock Joe Batley said: “smash it Rhys.”
Dawidiuk joined Hartpury on loan last season after beating testicular cancer and Batley, another former team-mate of Oakley, revealed last week they are in remission after undergoing chemotherapy for Hodgkin Lymphoma.
Cornwell said: “Joe's an ex-Hartpury boy, they were here for three or four years and obviously went to Gloucester and then Bristol.
“Terrible news when we found out and I'm glad that he's on the road to recovery and he's come through it.
“Everyone's over the moon that he's on the road to recovery.
“We had Darren Dawidiuk on loan last year who's also been on the same treatment and diagnosis and they obviously came out the other side of it as well.
“We're going to put Rhys in touch with these people so they can talk about it and they can share their experiences and hopefully give Rhys all the support they need.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thugs carrying huge machetes in the middle of a British shopping centre clashed in a shocking incident caught on CCTV.
A group were filmed running towards each other close to the Mander Centre shopping centre in Wolverhampton yesterday afternoon.
After a short clash between the youths, the group separates and flee the scene, stuffing their weapons in their jackets and down their trousers.
It is not known how old the men wielding the weapons were, or why they were fighting.
(Image: BirminghamLive/ws)
(Image: BirminghamLive/WS)
Officers investigating the encounter have asked anyone who has information about those involved to get in touch.
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: "Armed police attended after several reports of men armed with machetes.
"It is not thought that anyone was seriously injured and no arrests have been made."
Anyone with information on the incident can get in touch with officers by calling 101.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump drinks a staggering 12 cans of Diet Coke a day, according to a report.
In the revealing account published by the New York Times, it's said that the US president has a button that allows them to summon a member of staff from anywhere so that their thirst may be quenched.
Apparently, Trump also watches up to eight hours of television a day – although they called that part 'fake news' in a tweet today. The NYT spoke to 60 advisors, friends, and members of Congress to put the piece together.
While the president has dismissed their supposed viewing habits, he's yet to mention their Diet Coke habit.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Twelve cans equates to just under four litres. That's a lot of water, sweeteners, chemicals, and caffeine. 3.9L amounts to around 500mg of the stimulant. There's 120mg in the average cup of filter coffee.
The average adult can safely consume up to 400mg of caffeine per day, according to the Mayo Clinic. Though this isn't a recommended quantity, especially for those who might be sensitive to the substance, or who are on medication.
Also, twelve cans in 24 hours would likely lead to a caffeine addiction. As a result, symptoms such as headaches, insomnia, irritability, and restlessness may well come about.
(Image: AFP)
"That amount of anything is potentially harmful for anybody," Aisling Pigott, a paediatric dietitian and spokesperson for the British Dietetic Association told IBTimes UK.
"Twelve cans is equal to 500mg of caffeine a day, a large amount of artificial sweeteners and lots of gas".
Other potential side effects include bloating, gas, and bowel issues, as well as poor absorption of vitamins and minerals if consumed with food. Anxiety might be another negative impact.
And there are more serious consequences, according to David Katz, a nutrition expert at the Yale School of Medicine.
They told ABC News: "Twelve cans a day, diet or regular, it's potentially going to do damage to your skeleton, and eventually that can be a very serious problem."
Mirror Online has contacted Coca-Cola for comment.
This 3-D walkthrough of the heavy water facilities at Norway's Vemork Plant was created by Telemark County Council archaeologist Sindre Arnkværn. The plant had been demolished in 1977 and no documentation or study of the site had ever been conducted since Operation Gunnerside in 1943. Although researchers had to pick their way through demolition rubble, they still were able to understand Gunnerside's events in the location and context in which they had occurred. To read a full article on the archaeology of the site, go to “The Secrets of Sabotage.” (Courtesy Sindre Arnkværn/Telemark County Council)
Slideshow: Article: Operation Gunnerside The Secrets of Sabotage
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – St. Louis firefighters are issuing a safety alert about dried up leaves piling up around the city.
Two vehicles were total loss after catching fire in the Compton Heights neighborhood of south city. Both cars had been parked over piles of leaves, firefighters said. The leaves were the suspected ignition source.
One of the piles wasn't all that big, neighbors said. They are demanding more frequent leaf pickups. At least one alderman is echoing the call.
“The city is hard-pressed to commit to additional pick-ups; however, that is exactly what residents and I would like to see. I'm calling for more frequent pick-ups in both the yard waste dumpsters and along the streets … additional leaf pick-up is really the only major city-service we consume in this area (16th Ward),” 16th Ward Alderman Tom Oldenberg, said in an email to Fox2/News 11.
Still, increased leaf pickups were not an option, city officials said Monday.
That left fire chief trying to spread the word about the hazards of piled up leaves.
“They're so dry right now, any type of flammable material gets on them, they're going to ignite. They go quick,” said St. Louis Fire Chief Dennis Jenkerson. “A foot high is going to touch the exhaust systems of your car. These catalytic converters are operating at 600 to 1000 degrees. Exhaust manifolds – they're 600 degrees. It's hot enough to start the leaves on fire.”
Still, people were parking on piles of leaves as of Monday afternoon.
The city's policy of picking up leaves at the curb once-a-month on pre-determined street sweeping days was partly to blame, residents said.
In parts of the city, most of the leaves have fallen after the designated pickup day, meaning people have piled leaves at their curbs with the scheduled pickup still weeks away.
“I hope they go back to the way it used to be. They do have to realize we have wonderful, mature trees and the leaves have to be picked up,” said resident Sharon Roberts, though they echoed the fire chief's call to quit parking over leaves.
“I'm telling everybody doesn't park on top of these piles. If you have to put them in bags, put them in a dumpster in the alley. They all came down at one time. The trees are almost barren right now, so the leaves are there,” Jenkerson said.
Residents can the Citizens Service Bureau at 314-622-4800 to arrange pickup of bagged leaves within 48 hours, city officials said.
The hunt for the serial bomber who has been leaving deadly explosives in packages on Austin doorsteps took an even more sinister turn Monday when investigators said the fourth and latest blast was triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire.Police and federal agents said that suggests a "higher level of sophistication" than they have seen before, and means the carnage is now random, rather than directed at someone in particular."The game went up a little bit - well, it went up a lot yesterday with the tripwire," Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, said in an interview.Two people have now been killed and four wounded in bombings over a span of less than three weeks.The latest blast happened Sunday night in southwest Austin's quiet Travis Country neighborhood, injuring two men in their 20s who were walking in the dark. They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.The three earlier bombings involved parcels that were left on doorsteps and blew up when they were moved or opened.The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin, a town famous for its cool, hipster attitude."It's creepy," said Erin Mays, 33. "I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbor kind of stuff."Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public, especially one with wires protruding."We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something," Combs said.Authorities said they are looking at a range of possible motives, including domestic terrorism or that the bombings were hate crimes.Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000."We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point," Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said, citing similarities among the four bombs. They would not elaborate, though, saying they didn't want to undermine the investigation.While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35, a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent, Sunday's was west of the highway. Also, both victims this time are white, while those killed or wounded in the earlier attacks were black or Hispanic.That made it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern, further unnerving a city already on edge.Thad Holt, 76, said they are now watching their steps as they make their way through a section of town near the latest attack. "I think everybody can now say, 'Oh, that's like my neighborhood,'" they said.Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail."It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," they said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."Milanowski said authorities have checked over 500 leads. Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers were to begin arriving.Andrew Zimmerman, a 44-year-old coffee shop worker, said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks."This makes me sick," they said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Keith Chegwin considered suicide after a decade-long battle with booze that saw them swigging cough mix and hiding whisky in bushes.
The Celebrity Big Brother star, who died on Sunday evening, revealed they cut themselves off from the world, and admitted: “I wanted to die and just end it all. I'd had enough.”
In their book Shaken Not Stirred, Keith said they first got a taste for booze aged 10, when they downed a bottle of Babysham at a party.
Alcohol took over their life in the 80s, when they were married to Swap Shop co-star Maggie Philbin and would drink two bottles of whisky a day.
(Image: Channel 5)
Watch Keith open up about their booze battle:
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But after their first spell in rehab, they were soon back to their old tricks, sneaking off to the shop to buy whisky.
“I drank half and threw the bottle in a hedge on the way home. Then went back and finished it later,” they said.
“And a new trick I'd picked up at the clinic was drinking cough mixture.”
They admitted it took three trips to rehab to clean up but by then Maggie had left with their daughter.
Opening up about the dark days to their CBB housemates, Keith, who was sober for 23 years until their death, said: “I hid it everywhere. I'd do all the tricks, I hid it in suit pockets, guttering and down the back of the sofa, car, everywhere.”
Nassau Democratic chairperson Jay Jacobs on Monday leveled harsh criticism against Democratic county executive candidate George Maragos, saying they had a “manipulative and duplicitous side,” and warning that their victory in a primary would put Democratic values “at risk.”
In a letter to county Democrats, Jacobs said they were compelled to respond to months of Maragos' attacks on their leadership, both on Twitter and at candidate forums. For instance, Maragos said recently the party has been “insensitive” to minority communities.
“While George originally vigorously sought my endorsement, now that I have chosen not to endorse him, they have since painted me as an old-style ‘political boss,' the type of which epitomizes the problems they campaign against,” Jacobs wrote. “That is as much their privilege and prerogative as it is mine to inform you of my reasons for choosing to endorse anyone but him.”
The feud began in January, when Jacobs backed Legis. Laura Curran (D-Baldwin) for county executive over Maragos, the county comptroller. Maragos in September announced their departure from the GOP at an event where they stood beside Jacobs.
“I'm excited by their entry into the race,” Jacobs said then, while not specifically endorsing Maragos.
However, Jacobs wrote Monday that they felt “sandbagged” by Maragos' announcing their county executive bid at the time of their party switch. They said Maragos told them initially that they would formally launch their campaign at a later date.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I did see a manipulative and duplicitous side of them that gave me serious pause,” Jacobs wrote. They said they ultimately rejected Maragos because of conservative positions they took in a 2012 campaign for U.S. Senate.
Maragos called Jacobs' letter “misleading and full of lapses in memory.” They said Jacobs knew they were going to announce their campaign on the same day of their party switch, and that they did not ask for an endorsement.
“He is obviously very rattled by my independent campaign gaining momentum to end the corruption in Nassau County, which they appear to represent,” Maragos said in a statement. They said Jacobs should “immediately resign so that we can start to end the corruption symptomatic of the party bosses.”
Edward Gibbs, 53, joined Sotheby's in 2003. Apart from advising private, corporate and institutional collectors across global markets, they now oversees three major auction categories: Arts of the Islamic World, Art of Imperial India, and Contemporary Arab, Iranian and Turkish Art.
An ardent collector of Indian art himself, Gibbs's connections to India go back to 1997, when they were invited by the British Council to co-curate the exhibition Traditions of Respect: Britain and Islamic Cultures to mark the 50th anniversary of the independence of India and Pakistan. The exhibition was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in New Delhi and Lahore.
Gibbs was in Mumbai for a preview hosted by Sotheby's for its forthcoming auctions of Modern and Contemporary South Asian Art and the Howard Hodgkin Sale scheduled in London on 25 and 24 October, respectively. The travelling exhibition held at Mumbai's Taj Mahal Palace hotel on 22 September showcased highlights of the sales, including pieces by Francis Newton Souza and Manjit Bawa.
Gibbs spoke to Mint about expansion plans in India, migration to digital platforms and the unique position of art in comparison with other commodities. Edited excerpts:
Does hosting travelling exhibitions have a substantial impact on the volume and overall value of your auction sales?
There is no substitute to seeing the artwork in person. People like to have something they can experience materially. We have been hosting these travelling exhibitions in India for many years now. It is also a chance for us to have quality face time with our clients. Many of them will travel to London for the sale but some may not be able to.
We typically do them twice a year: the highlights from our Fall sale in London are shown in Mumbai and the highlights from our Spring sale in New York are shown in Delhi. This balance works well for us. And this year we also introduced a strong educational component with workshops and lectures.
You also hosted a two-day workshop with instructors from the Sotheby's Institute last year. Is that going to be a regular feature going ahead?
Yes, we feel education is key to both answering the needs of our existing clients and also engaging new clients. There are many aspects to our business, beyond the highlights we showcase here. The education programmes become a way to connect the audience here to our global sales.
How has online bidding impacted the auction market? What percentage of buyers have graduated to the online platform?
Seasoned buyers continue to believe there's nothing like a live auction. I don't have the exact figures but there's a growing trend towards telephone bidding, which offers the advantages of anonymity and confidentiality. Now it's a percentage of the phone bidders that has migrated online; it's buyers who like complete anonymity. There's certainly a pattern of migration to digital media.
These tend to be younger buyers?
Exactly. A large number of buyers from the younger generation feels more comfortable bidding online. Online bidding is one of the key areas for us to engage new buyers and this is an area we've seen tremendous uptake in. A number of young buyers are coming to the market and characteristically they will enter through our digital platform. The number of online bidders from India has doubled in the last two years.
We've also been paying close attention to online-only sales. We had an online-only sale of works by Francis Newton Souza last year which performed extremely well, selling 83% by lot. It shows that people are becoming more comfortable with the online experience. Though there'll be a few dyed in the wool conservatives like myself who'll always be interested in being physically in the room.
Christie's held its first, and very successful, annual sale in India in December 2013 but announced that they would discontinue it earlier this year. While Sotheby's has always had a presence in India, you launched formally with an office space and the appointment of a managing director last September. Are these two developments related?
I can't comment on Christie's strategy. The decision to cancel their India sales seems to have been a result of a global restructuring. But we have our own strategy independent of our competitors' and often it's about what is right for us at a given time. In 2016, we felt we had a lot of momentum. We could see a growth in interest and participation from India, and we thought it was the right time to move. It was key to identify the right person and we achieved that with Gaurav Bhatia (previously marketing director at Moët Hennessy India). In tandem with India, we have recently opened an office in Dubai. I can say categorically that the two developments are unrelated.
You oversee both South Asia and the Middle East. The Middle East market is growing rapidly—you are hosting your first dedicated sale of Middle Eastern art in Asia in November. Do you see these two markets in isolation? Is there any cross-pollination?
There are various aspects to this question. Like I said, there is an office developing in Dubai in tandem. There is certainly an interconnection and not least because of the large Indian diaspora in the UAE. I meet with a lot of Indian clients in Dubai when we're showing highlights there.
There's a connection in the jewellery sales as well. Dubai is the epicentre of the diamond trade and the Indian jewellery trade is hugely important to our business.
To your question about buyers collecting specifically in their national categories, that is true to an extent. South Asian buyers will buy South Asian art and buyers from the Middle East will start with Middle Eastern art. If you look at figures over the last five years of Sotheby's, our Indian clientele have spent $250 million. That figure is increasing year by year.
That is the spend by Indian buyers across all categories?
Yes, if you open up that figure, 30% of those Indian buyers are buying in non-Indian categories, which could be furniture, Impressionist painting, International Contemporary art, watches... It's the same with the Middle East. Middle Eastern clients could start collecting in their national category through feelings of comfort but they would typically graduate into other areas or they might veer off completely and focus on luxury categories.
For your Indian clientele, after Indian Modern and Contemporary art, what are the categories of interest?
Most intense, in terms of volume and sales, it would be jewellery by a long way. Arts of the Islamic World is another important category. This includes Mughal miniatures, which are very sought after in India. It's probably the biggest growth area for us in terms of Indian art categories.
On a global scale, how important is the Indian market for Sotheby's?
According to the TEFAF Art Market Report for 2016, the global art market is worth $45 billion. Auction houses take up $17 billion of this pie, of which Europe is 31%, the Americas are 28% and Asia is 41%. So you can see that Asia has tipped the balance.
China claims 90% of Asian auction sales. Which still gives India around 10% of the $7 billion figure. $700 million is a substantial amount of investment in art coming out of the country.
To me what is really significant about that figure is how small India is compared to China. It offers that much more scope for growth. India has huge potential when you see it on that graph. One day, perhaps not in my lifetime, we will see India up there with China. But a lot of things need to evolve to facilitate that.
What is Sotheby's competing with in India? When one speaks to book publishers, they say their competition is not just other publishing houses but it's television, the Internet, it's everything…
It's a good question. And it's not so easy to answer. I hesitate to say this, but art has a spiritual quality which perhaps other commodities lack, so in that sense we deal with a very special product. Our challenge is perhaps more in the luxury category (jewellery, collectibles, etc.) where we are competing with other luxury goods.
There are people who believe art is the last thing you buy—it's after the house and the car, and the second house. It's the final flourish. Do you agree?
(Laughs) I think that's true but for the very reason I mentioned before art touches you in a way a car or house can't. In that sense it's probably the ultimate luxury. I wouldn't even want to call it a luxury. Some collectors would describe art as a necessity. But that's clearly not the case with everybody. For the true collector, art is beyond luxury.
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City have no fresh injury concerns as Burnley visit the Etihad Stadium in the Premier League on Monday.
Midfielder Leroy Sané remains a doubt after missing the last two games with an unspecified muscle injury.
Captain Vincent Kompany (knee) is not yet ready to return, while midfielder Fabian Delph (groin) has been out since August and Ilkay Gundogan (knee) is a long-term casualty.
Burnley will welcome back record signing Jeff Hendrick for the trip to Manchester City.
The midfielder was suspended for the win over Sunderland and could now slot in alongside Steven Defour, with the banned Dean Marney picking up their fifth caution of the campaign against the Black Cats just before the amnesty kicks in.
Right-back Jon Flanagan will be missing too due to a knee injury that Clarets boss Sean Dyche said they will have a scan for this week.
Manchester City squad: Bravo, Caballero, Zabaleta, Sagna, Stones, Otamendi, Kolarov, Adarabioyo, Clichy, Kolarov, Toure, Fernando, Fernandinho, Sterling, Navas, De Bruyne, Silva, Sterling, Nolito, Garcia, Aguero, Iheanacho.
Burnley squad: Heaton, Lowton, Keane, Mee, Darikwa, Ward, Arfield, Boyd, Hendrick, Vokes, Gray, Robinson, Pope, Barnes, Bamford, O'Neill, Kightly, Defour, Tarkowski, Gudmundsson.
The US defence secretary Jim Mattis said the US stands by its partners and support their sovereign decisions. Photo: AP
Washington: In recognition of the increasing connectivity between the Indian and Pacific Oceans, the Trump administration on Wednesday renamed the US Pacific Command to US Indo-Pacific Command.
The move is also reflective of the growing importance of the Indian Ocean in US strategic thinking. Henceforth, the storied US Pacific Command, or Pacom, which was formed after World War II, will be known as the Indo-Pacific Command.
Soon after coming to power, the Trump administration had renamed Asia Pacific as Indo-Pacific and identified India as one bookend of the region. The latest announcement was made by the US defence secretary Jim Mattis during the change of guard ceremony at Joint Base Pearl Harbour wherein Admiral Phil Davidson replaced Admiral Harry Harris as Commander, US Indo-Pacific Command or IndoPacom.
“In recognition of the increasing connectivity, the Indian and Pacific Oceans, today we rename the US Pacific Command to US Indo-Pacific Command. Over many decades, this command has repeatedly adapted to changing circumstance, and today carries that legacy forward as America focuses west,” Mattis said in their remarks on the occasion.
Referring to the 2018 National Defence Strategy which acknowledges Pacific challenges and signals America's resolve and lasting commitment to the Indo-Pacific, Mattis said America's vision is shared by most nations in the region. “For every state, sovereignty is respected, no matter its size and it's a region open to investment and free, fair and reciprocal trade not bound by any nation's predatory economics or threat of coercion, for the Indo-Pacific has many belts and many roads,” Mattis said in an apparent dig at China which is investing billions of dollars for its so called one belt one road (OBOR) initiative.
America continues to invest vigorously in Indo-Pacific stability, bolstering the free and open rules-based international order that has enabled this region to grow and thrive for over 70 years. “While we are prepared to face any who would seek to challenge America's resolve, our National Defence Strategy is not a strategy of confrontation,” they said.
Mattis said the US will always be seeking peace from a position of strength. “We will also continue further strengthening existing alliances and fostering new partnerships in the region, for these form a fundamental cornerstone of our strategic vision, a shared vision respectful of all nations sovereignty, and allowing us to reinforce a resilient security architecture capable of confronting shared threats, be they terrorism or an inhibition of free trade or humanitarian disasters that can befall any nation,” they said.
Observing that relationships with Pacific and Indian Ocean allies and partners have proven critical to maintaining regional stability, Mattis said the US stands by its partners and support their sovereign decisions, because all nations, large and small, are essential to the region if they are to sustain stability in ocean areas critical to global peace.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With the cost of everyday essentials steadily on the rise, many households are struggling to make their money stretch to cover the essentials each month.
If Morrisons is your supermarket of choice, there are plenty of ways to save on your shop - both in store and online - the trick knows what to buy and when.
This month, if you're planning to do a big shop and stock up on store cupboard items for Pancake Day, or get all the ingredients you need to cook up an amazing Valentine's Day feast, one deal in particular has really caught our eye - customers can get a £15 free spend thanks to Quidco.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Bloomberg)
The cashback site is giving all new members £15 towards the cost of their online grocery bill from the supermarket until February 28.
Customers do have to spend £40 or more to be eligible, but it couldn't be easier to claim using the steps we've outlined below.
Top 10 online food shopping deals: £16 off Sainsbury's, £12 off Asda, Tesco and more
How to claim £15 free spend
Sign up to Quidco for free. Click on the Morrisons £15 cashback deal and head to the supermarket's website to shop as normal, spending £40 or more on your total order. Quidco will then track your transaction within seven days and pay out the bonus into your member's account.
How do cashback sites work? Instead of shopping directly through a store online, you access the retailer through a cashback website who will then get paid (by the brand) for 'referring' you to them.
Your transaction will continue as normal and your item will still arrive directly from the retailer, but the cashback website will pay you a cut of this payment as a reward for using its services, and as an incentive to encourage you to return.
This amount can be anything from 1% to £100 of your total spend - and you can use voucher codes to boost your saving that little bit further.
Your cashback will be sent back to you through your cashback account around 7-10 working days later.
However, with more complex services like travel and financial products, this period can be extended to six months.
Where to find more Morrisons deals?
(Image: Getty)
1. Voucher codes and cashback
If you shop online then voucher codes can be a great way to reduce the cost of your shop. Browse voucher code sites like Vouchercodes.co.uk, Voucherbox.co.uk and Hotukdeals to find the latest offers, which are regularly updated.
If you're an avid online shopper cashback is a great way to maximise savings on everything your spend at the supermarket online.
It's totally free to join, and TopCashback and Quidco offer some of the most competitive rates you'll find.
2. Morrisons More Card
If you're a regular shopper it is worth signing up for the Morrisons loyalty points scheme and getting a More card.
Not only do you get five points for every pound you spend but there are plenty of additional bonuses and promotions you'll get access to as a member.
There's also the added bonus of getting a £5 Morrisons voucher for every 5000 points earned.
3. Cheap online delivery
If you're a regular shopper sign up to Morrison's Delivery Pass, where you can get unlimited deliveries for a monthly fee - which can save you up to £120 a year. Customers have the choice of two plans:
Anytime Pass (seven days a week) - starts from £7 per month.
Midweek Pass (Tuesday to Thursday) - starts from £5 per month.
4. Freebies
Morrisons rarely give away freebies, however, cashback website CheckoutSmart regularly hosts giveaways at the food store often on new releases - so you can try out new products for free.
To get started, open a free account at www.checkoutsmart.com, select the cashback offers you're interested in, and pop the products in your basket when you go shopping. Once complete, upload a photo of your receipt and the cashback will be credited to your account.
To see all of the offers from CheckoutSmart, visit the website or download the free app - www.checkoutsmart.com
For more tips on how to save on food, see our 10 best supermarket shopping deals here, and for more top money-saving discounts and offers visit our deals page.
When the Mercury Transfer Module of the BepiColombo mission fires its electric propulsion thrusters an ion beam is extracted. This is created through the ionization of xenon propellant, generating the charged particles that can be accelerated further using an electric field.
Together with gravity assist flybys at Earth, Venus and Mercury, the thrust from the ion beam provides the means to travel to the innermost planet.
After escaping the pull of Earth's gravity with the Ariane 5 launcher, the spacecraft is on an orbit around the Sun. The transfer module then has to use its thrusters to brake against the mighty pull of the Sun's gravity. It also has to tune the shape of its orbit in order to make a series of nine gravity assist flybys at the planets before finally delivering the mission's two science spacecraft into Mercury orbit.
This image is an excerpt from a supercomputer simulation that models the flow of plasma around the spacecraft just after the high energy ion beam is switched on. An outline of the composite spacecraft with its extended solar arrays is included for reference.
The simulation tracks the particles in the beam as well as those that diffuse around the spacecraft, which are created by the interaction of the high energy beam ions with the neutral xenon atoms that also flow out of the thruster. It shows the density of the plasma flowing around the spacecraft and its evolution: red represents high density, blue is low density (see animation for detailed scale).
Although the animation is several seconds long it has been slowed down, representing a mere eight milliseconds of real time – the time necessary for the plasma to reach a steady state.
The simulation was performed to demonstrate that the plasma produced by the thruster is not damaging to the spacecraft: its materials, including solar arrays or instruments, for example, or to the electric propulsion system itself. The simulations also confirmed there are no spurious or dangerous charging events.
Inflight measurements will verify the simulation results and help improve ways in which the generated plasma, spacecraft and space environment interactions can be better modelled.
BepiColombo is a joint endeavour between ESA and JAXA. After their seven-year interplanetary journey, the two science orbiters – the Mercury Planetary Orbiter and the Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter – will start their main mission to provide the most in-depth study of mysterious Mercury to date.
The spacecraft begin transferring to Europe's spaceport in Kourou this week, where an intensive period of preparations will ready the mission for launch later this year.
The simulations were performed by Félicien Filleul as part of ESA's Young Graduate Trainee programme.
On 16 October 2015, the apex court struck down the National Judicial Appointments Commission Act, 2014 that sought to give the executive a say in appointments to the higher judiciary. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: To ensure transparency in judicial appointments, the Supreme Court collegium has decided to disclose its rationale for recommending candidates to the government.
This would include reasons for names recommended or rejected by the collegium, comprising the five senior most judges of the apex court, to the government for its consideration.
Until now, the collegium's decisions on transfers, elevation, appointments and so on have been taken without any disclosure to the public, a practice that was criticised by members of the legal fraternity for being opaque and arbitrary.
Disclosure of recommendations made by the collegium would include those for appointments to initial elevation to the high court, confirmation as permanent judge of a high court, elevation to the list of chief justice of a high court, transfer of high court chief justices/judges and elevation to the Supreme Court.
“The resolution is passed to ensure transparency and yet maintain confidentiality in the collegium system”, according to a resolution posted on the Supreme Court website which was signed by the current collegium comprising of chief justice of India Dipak Misra, and justices J. Chelameswar, Ranjan Gogoi, Madan B. Lokur and Kurian Joseph.
The move comes after the collegium faced scrutiny over the resignation of former judge of Karnataka high court, Jayant Patel, who was set to be transferred to the Allahabad high court by the collegium rather than being elevated as chief justice of the same court.
Patel was 10 months short of becoming the chief justice of the Karnataka high court when they were transferred to Allahabad high court in a unanimous decision by the collegium. As a result, they would lose the chance of becoming the chief justice as they would be third in the seniority list after the transfer.
Before being transferred to the Karnataka high court in 2016, they served as the acting chief justice of the Gujarat high court in 2015.
A challenge to the workings of the collegium is also pending in the form of a plea by the National Lawyers' Campaign for Judicial Transparency and Reforms, an organization of lawyers.
On 16 October 2015, the apex court struck down the National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC) Act, 2014 that sought to give the executive a say in appointments to the higher judiciary.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry has revealed they are prepared to do a U-turn and play against Chelsea in the Premier League.
The former Blues captain and defender has been a smash hit at Aston Villa in the Championship.
Terry, 37, has now confirmed they are willing to extend their stay at Villa Park if they are promoted.
Terry previously dropped out of the top-flight last summer to sign for Villa as a Bosman on a 12-month contract.
They cited a reluctance to play against Chelsea as one of the main factors behind dropping into the Championship after 22 years at Stamford Bridge.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
But fourth-placed Villa could go up this term in the play-offs and Terry is keen to stay.
Terry told talkSPORT: “I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me.
“They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field. It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.”
(Image: Aston Villa FC)
Terry plans to go into coaching in the future and has discussed with pals returning to Blues to work their way up their coaching ranks to fulfil their aim of eventually bossing them.
At Villa they have been widely credited with taking Jack Grealish under their wing to help the starlet hit top form.
But the defender is keen to keep playing as long as possible themselves after making 31 starts for Steve Bruce's side this term.
Terry, who is on a £2million promotion bonus, said: “I certainly the made the right decision in the summer.
(Image: Aston Villa FC)
(Image: Getty)
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed.
"They are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me and the fans as well have been excellent.
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's used to packing out stadiums and performing on some of the biggest stages in the biz.
But Liam Payne showed he's not afraid of getting back to their roots as they gave an impromptu and very personal performance in the middle of London, on Monday afternoon.
Surprising the general public milling around Oxford Circus, the 23-year-old One Direction star and their latest collaborating partner, Zedd, performed their new single Get Low - much to the delight of a small crowd.
(Image: PA)
In a video captured by one lucky member of the general public, Liam is seen on tip-top form as they sing and bounces around in front of a crowd outside one of the underground entrances on the famous crossroad (more used to hosting buskers).
Dressed down in a casual ensemble and with a rucksack slung over one shoulder, it's not hard to see how the world famous pop star was able to slip into the busy area to perform a street level gig.
Both Liam and Zedd, a Russian producer and artist well-known for their ability to churn out the hits, wore rucksacks with speaker units disguised in them.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Bouncing around and playing up to the ring of fans (and their smartphones), the Wolverhampton-born star can't help but flash a smile as they perform their music with no thrills attached; at one point they even cheekily sidles up to a woman sings straight into their phone.
With just a microphone and Zedd's keyboard to accompany him, Liam's pure vocal talent is put on display in the recording.
(Image: PA)
And while their mix of hip hop beats and pop hooks may not be to everyone's taste, he's sure to have won some fans over in Oxford Circus.
Liam themselves kept quiet about the gig on their social media, though Zedd warned fans the pair were out and about in the capitol - though it seems they confused Oxford Circus for Trafalgar Square in their tweets.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Little Alfie Evans, the toddler at the centre of a live-or-die legal battle, has lost the ability to smile, doctors have revealed.
The 20-month-old is in a “semi-vegetative state” with a mystery brain condition.
Medics at Liverpool's Alder Hey Children's Hospital say the loss of their smile is due to “destructive brain process” and continuing Alfie's life support is not in their interests.
A doctor told the city's civil and family court: “Whatever disease is driving the destruction of their brain, I can't reverse it.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
“In my opinion, there's no hope that Alfie can have derived pleasure or have a good quality of life.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Parents Tom Evans, 21, and Kate James, 20, want Alfie to have treatment at a specialist hospital in Italy.
Judge Mr Justice Hayden has asked for an MRI scan before making “this enormous decision”.
PHILADELPHIA - Acting on a tip, the Pennsylvania SPCA removed 15 dogs from an unlicensed breeder's home regarding concerns that an adult female husky had recently been debarked.
The SPCA took action on May 24 at the home, in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
The PSPCA's Humane Law Enforcement officers, after receiving a tip from a concerned citizen about the possible debarking of dogs, went to the property in question, where they say they found the debarked adult female husky, as well as two other adult dogs on the property who had been debarked sometime in the past.
Pennsylvania does not allow devocalization, also known as debarking, of any dog for any reason unless the procedure is performed by a licensed veterinarian using anesthesia.
According to the PSPCA, officers removed five adult dogs including three Doberman pinschers, one German shepherd and one husky, as well as 10 puppies, including seven 4-week-old Doberman pinschers, two 6-week-old Doberman Pinschers and one 3-month-old Siberian husky puppy. Additionally, the adult female German shepherd was found to be pregnant.
“The manner in which these dogs were devocalized is concerning on many levels, not the least of which is that it is illegal,” said Nicole Wilson, PSPCA director of Humane Law Enforcement. “These animals were debarked because it was a nuisance, and the inhumane manner in which the act was carried out can carry a felony charge. We will continue our investigation and press charges to the fullest extent allowed by the law in an effort to ensure this never happens again.”
All animals have been signed over to the custody of the Pennsylvania SPCA, where they will be given medical care and ultimately placed in loving homes or partner rescues.
The investigation is ongoing, and charges are pending the conclusion of the full investigation.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
AUSTIN, Texas — A student at a middle school in Texas paid a stripper to visit campus on Thursday, school administrators confirmed to the American-Statesman.
According to the paper, the woman went went to the provided address around 11:30 a.m. on Thursday. When they arrived and discovered it was Grisham Middle School, they called the front office and explained what happened.
According to Jenny LaCoste-Caputo, a spokesperson for Round Rock Independent School District, the woman did not enter the school.
The student used their cell phone to call the stripper and paid for the services using their parent's credit card, according to CBS Austin.
School officials said the student is facing “disciplinary action.”
In an email sent to parents and obtained by the American-Statesman, Principal Paige Hadziselimovic explained what happened on Thursday:
“Our staff handled the situation with the utmost decorum and professionalism. While regrettable, the incident had no negative impact on any students, other than the student who is responsible.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Twenty years ago this month, Diana, Princess of Wales met their untimely death, and people in Cambridgeshire still have vivid memories of that shocking day, the dreadful climax of what had become a very troubled life.
Them marriage to Prince Charles in 1981 was a fairytale affair, but just over a decade later it was over. The stresses and strains that caused the break-up were exposed by the princess in an interview for the BBC's Panorama programme in 1995, including the revelation that their husband had been seeing Camilla Parker-Bowles.
In the early hours of Sunday, August 31, 1997, Diana and their lover, Dodi Al Fayed, left the Ritz hotel in Paris and climbed into a car with their bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones. The car, driven by Frenchman Henri Paul, was spotted by waiting paparazzi, who pursued it on motorcycles. In the Place de l'Alma underpass in central Paris, travelling at high speed, the car crashed. Henri Paul and Dodi, son of Harrods boss Mohammed Al Fayed, were killed – and Diana and the bodyguard were cut from the wreckage and taken to hospital. Then there came the statement, from La Pitie Salpetriere Hospital, that despite two hours of emergency surgery, doctors had failed to save the Princess's life – Diana was dead.
In Mid-Anglia, people woke up on the Sunday morning to hear the news, and there was total shock. The days that followed were unlike any seen before in our region. The outpouring of public grief was amazing. Mountains of flowers built up outside centres like the Guildhall in Cambridge. Books of condolence were opened in churches and libraries and people queued for hours to add their names. For Diana's funeral, on Saturday September 6, special trains ran throughout the night before to ferry mourners from here to the capital, and in Cambridge, huge numbers of people attended a candlelit vigil on Parker's Piece.
Writing in the News at the time, journalist and broadcaster Christopher South summed up many people's feelings about the the death of the princess, whom they described as “a delightful but rather dizzy person.”
They said: “I heard them deliver a score of speeches, and bless her, they never got any better at it. Addressing multitudes remained a terror and they were essentially timid. But perhaps because of their own troubled life, they were triumphantly successful with individuals. Give them a lonely, sad hand to hold and there was a surge of strength in both directions. They seemed to get as much as they gave when spending time with life's victims.”
That rapport was evident during the princess's many visits to Cambridgeshire. In 1987, they came to Ely, for engagements at the cathedral and the city's hospital, renamed the Princess of Wales RAF Hospital in their honour. In 1988, they toured Newmarket Hospital, and then met 30 heart and lung transplant patients at Papworth Hospital. In 1989 they opened the Children's Hospice at Milton, and the new £770,000 community centre at Cherry Hinton.
Cambridge's then mayor, John Woodhouse, who had helped to persuade them to come to Cherry Hinton, told the News: “After weeks of preparation we felt very nervous, but the princess soon made us all feel at ease. Them first comment was to apologise for being late, and they blamed the traffic in Cambridge. I laughed – and said I wasn't aware of the problem.
“Her informal and caring nature was soon picked up by everyone. Inside the centre, they went from person to person, and from the stalls, they collected souvenirs, such as badges, to give to their two sons. They mixed and chatted with all concerned.
“She even apologised to members of the keep-fit group, who were giving a demonstration, that they couldn't join in because they hadn't brought them leotard. It was an afternoon full of many unforgettable memories for us all.”
In 1993, Diana came back to meet researchers at Cambridge University's Physiological Lab, where work was going on to find a cure for paralysis caused by spinal injuries – and to the delight of thousands who turned out to see her, they did a 20-minute walkabout in the city centre.
Former Cambridge nurse Christine Townrow also has fond recollections of Diana's visit to Peterhouse in 1985. Prince William was just two, and Harry a mere five months, and the princess had expressed an interest in seeing research work into combating cot deaths. The Foundation for the Study of Infant Deaths, set up in the city in 1970, put on an exhibition for them at the college, and it was Christine's task to present them with a bouquet when they arrived.
Christine recalls: “She met many of the people involved in the research work, and parents whose babies had suffered cot death too. I was struck by their bright blue eyes and their genuine interest and compassion. They asked about my work on a sick children's ward – and said how lucky they were to have two healthy boys.”
Ten months after that trip, the princess sent a special Christmas present – to the city's Women's Resources Centre, which cared for young mums and children. They made a donation to an appeal being run to set up a crèche there.
It was not the only occasion that they sent money to a Cambridge good cause. In 1995, the Alzheimer's Research Trust was delighted to receive a “generous” cash gift from her, to help to fund a £7 million research centre.
Vicky Lascelle was working as a secretary at one of the colleges in 1993 and remembers the excitement of that walkabout in the market square.
They said: “She looked fabulous, with a short hairstyle, white outfit and pearl earrings.
“Loads of people had flowers for her, and they just looked so happy to be there. Sadly, lots of stuff was maybe going on that none of us knew about.
“I woke up on that morning after she'd died, and I just couldn't believe it at first. When it finally sank in, I just thought, what a terrible, terrible waste.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Super Bowl LII is a matter of days away with the NFL play-offs hotting up ahead of championship weekend.
The Patriots were inspired by Tom Brady to secure their place in February's showpiece event, coming from 13 points back in the final quarter against the Jaguars to win the AFC Championship.
Nick Foles led the Eagles to victory over the Vikings, who were denied the chance to become the first-ever team to play the Super Bowl in their own stadium.
After the Vikings took the lead on their first drive, the Eagles plundered 38 unanswered points.
Here's everything you need to know about the big game:
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
Who will play?
The Patriots will represent the AFC, while the Eagles are heading to Minneapolis on behalf of the NFC.
When and where is the game?
The game will be played on February 4, kicking off at 11:30pm GMT in Minnesota.
Where is the 2018 Super Bowl?
Super Bowl LII will be held at the US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis.
It is the sixth Super Bowl to take place in the city.
How can I follow the big game?
Sky Sports Main Event, Sky Sports Mix and Sky Sports Action will show the game with coverage from 10:00pm, with the BBC's action starting at 11:20pm on BBC One.
It's on talkSPORT live with coverage from 10:00pm, while Mirror Sport will have you covered with a live blog, scooping up all the action, analysis and social reaction.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
Who's singing the national anthem?
Pink will be singing the national anthem.
Who's playing the half-time show?
Justin Timberlake will be playing at half-time.
Cost per 30-second commercial?
A massive $7.7m (£5.6m) per 30-second commercial.
Sky Sports is showing Super Bowl LII live on 4th February. The NFL is part of a schedule of sport on Sky Sports Action and Arena that also includes rugby union, rugby league, darts, netball, tennis and boxing.
poll loading Who will win Super Bowl LII? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Patriots Eagles
Who is hosting the 2018 Super Bowl?
Regular host Bob Costas was expected to remain host for their seventh Super Bowl next month, but after stepping down last February they will not be returning again this year.
Instead, Dan Patrick and Liam McHugh will host the pregame show, which will also include Tony Dungy, Rodney Harrison, Mike Florio and Chris Simms.
Aircalin Match Racing Cup – Day 3
Day 3 – Aircalin Match Racing Cup Laurence BOUCHET Day 3 – Aircalin Match Racing Cup Laurence BOUCHET
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156417
by Laurence Bouchet CNC today at 12:52 pmIndeed, the last match of the quarterfinals opposes two New Zealanders, Will Eastman (Wellington) and James Wilson who, at the end of the day, had each one point.Today's weather forecast was again a dream time for Match racing, great sun and 10 knots of wind. On the program of the day, Complete the qualifying phases, and, if time permits, make the quarterfinals or directly the semi-finals. Eole being perfectly at the rendez-vous, the qualifying stages finished we were able to launch the quarterfinals.Gray qualified for the quarter-finals. The first eight of the round robin were qualified for the quarter finals. Then the first ones have the right to choose their opponent.Cyril Fortin chose to face Tiphaine Leroux that they won in two matches. Tugdual Piriou chose to face James Farquarshon that they won in two matches. Tom Picot played Harry Milne that they also won in two matches.The remaining quarterback Will Eastman has James Willson and by the end of the day each had scored one point. The decisive match will be played tomorrow morning.Cyril Fortin, TugdualPiriou and Tom Picot are qualified for the semi-finals. The fourth, a New Zealander, will be known tomorrow morning.See you tomorrow under the sun and a light wind! We will know at the end of the day the winner of the Aircalin Match Racing Cup.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Look, they are hardly on a posting to Afghanistan or even putting in a month-long shift on the rigs.
They are paid more in a couple of months than most people earn in a lifetime. Everything is laid on for them, here at the World Cup and back home. It is the dream career, the dream life for millions.
But, within those contexts, these England players do make sacrifices. They seem trivial in comparison to others but they are sacrifices all the same.
One of the most heartwarming features of the England matches here in Russia has been how, an hour or so after the final whistle, the family and friends of the players wait in the stands.
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Players emerge to spend a few precious minutes with their loved ones before heading back to camp in Repino.
Don't forget, some of the squad first met up back on May 20. For those with young families - and that is quite a lot of them - this is a long time away.
Of course it is no hardship, but this seems to be as mentally and as physically committed an England squad as there has been for some time.
(Image: PA Wire)
All match fees, and this has been the case for a long time, go to charity — although those fees are incidental compared to the commercial ramifications of a successful England career.
But there is a genuine feeling around this collection of players that they are lifted by the idea of doing something that transcends the material rewards of professional football.
(Image: Getty)
They pore over videos of fans celebrating in the streets back home, they read every message of support.
On Tuesday, on their way back out to see their family and friends, they stopped for selfies with supporters who had refused to leave the stadium.
Pampered, overpaid primadonnas or working-class lads connecting with the common people?
Right now, the answer to that is refreshingly obvious.
Islamabad: Two senior police officials convicted by a Pakistani anti-terrorism court in the Benazir Bhutto assassination case are set to walk free from jail after a court suspended their 17-year sentence, media reports said on Friday.
The Lahore High Court's (LHC) Rawalpindi Bench suspended the 17-year jail sentences and fines handed out to Additional Inspector General of Police Saud Aziz and Senior Superintendent of Police Khurram Shahzad by an anti-terrorism court on August 31.
Aziz was the Rawalpindi city police officer and Shahzad the Rawal Town SP when the former prime minister Bhutto was assassinated in 2007.
The two police officers were convicted for criminal negligence and washing the crime scene.
The anti-terrorism court had acquitted five alleged members of the banned Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) for want of evidence.
Bhutto, 54, also the chief of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was assassinated in a suicide attack at an election campaign rally in Rawalpindi's Liaquat Bagh on December 27, 2007.
They were both awarded 10 years in prison under Section 119 of the Pakistan Penal Code (PPC) and seven years under Section 201 of the PPC, and fined Rs 1 million each for "facilitating the commission of an offence".
While Aziz has retired from the police force, Shahzad is the SSP Special Branch in Rawalpindi.
They had both challenged their conviction in the LHC's Rawalpindi Bench which, yesterday, suspended their conviction. The court accepted their bail plea against surety bonds of Rs 200,000 each, Dawn newspaper reported.
The two police officers are likely to be released from Adiala Jail later today, media reports said.
On September 29, the Federal Investigative Agency (FIA) filed a petition in the LHC's Rawalpindi Bench challenging the anti-terrorism court's (ATC) decision in the murder case.
The PPP has also challenged the ATC's decision.
The party has alleged that Benazir had repeatedly stated that Musharraf was not providing their security.
THE father of a teenage Indian girl who drowned at Glenelg on the weekend has spoken out about their grief from their home in New Delhi.
Nitisha Negi, 15, was visiting Adelaide with their soccer team from India for the Pacific School Games when they went to Glenelg beach on Sunday before flying home.
The girl's father, Piran Singh Negi, told Indian media they knew about the drowning from family members of four other girls, who were rescued from the water.
They said two hours later the School Games Federation of India confirmed the incident.
On Sunday afternoon, lifesavers and police launched a frantic water and air search for the missing girl but had to call it off due to lack of light.
Camera Icon Rescuers look for Nitisha off the breakwater at Glenelg on Sunday. Four other girls were rescued after they were in trouble in the water. AAP Image/ Brenton Edwards Picture: News Corp Australia
Nitisha's body was recovered near the notorious breakwaters the next morning.
Mr Negi said they had last spoked to their daughter on Friday after the match.
The teen had called them on their friend's phone as they had lost their own.
“They had lost the game, so I told them to take care of themselves and come back soon,” they said.
“When the incident took place, we don't know who was with them.
“It was me who informed officials that such an incident has happened.
“My daughter does not know how to swim.”
Camera Icon Floral tribute left on the sand for Nitisha Negi near the Glenelg breakwater. Pic AAP/Mike Burton Picture: News Corp Australia
Authorities said the young soccer player was on the rocks when they were swept into the waters by a wave.
Two 17-year-olds were taken to Flinders Medical Centre where one was in a critical condition. Another 17-year-old was rushed to Royal Adelaide Hospital in a serious condition while a 12-year-old was taken to the Women's and Children's Hospital.
The grieving father said their daughter had been playing football for the last five years.
In a statement to Nine News, Mr Negi said: “She was the charm of our family, which is finished now”.
The State Government will pay to repatriate the body of Nitisha back to their family in India.
WAVERLY, Neb. – On Wednesday, Lancaster County Sheriff's Deputies arrested Ashley Bean, 35, of rural Waverly for felony child abuse after they turned themselves in at the Adult Detention Facility. The arrest stemmed from an investigation that began five months earlier.
On December 17, 2017, at approximately 8:07 AM sheriff's deputies, Waverly Rural Fire, and Lincoln Fire and Rescue responded to Bean's residence at 12511 Waverly Rd. on a report of a three-week-old infant who was not breathing. Upon arrival, deputies and medical personnel determined that the infant, Bean's son, was pulseless and not breathing. Also present at the home were Bean and an adult acquaintance. The infant, who had no obvious signs of violence, was transported by ambulance to Bryan Medical Center West Campus, and then transferred to Children's Hospital and Medical Center in Omaha, NE, where they died hours later despite life saving measures. An autopsy was performed, and the cause of death of the infant was determined to be asphyxia due to combined suffocation and overlay.
Following a lengthy investigation, sheriff's investigators determined that Bean had become highly intoxicated during the hours immediately preceding the 911 call, fell asleep with their infant son in the same bed, and later awoke to find their son unresponsive. Based on interviews and evidence collected in this case, sheriff's investigators believe that Bean knowingly and intentionally placed their infant son in a situation that endangered their life. Violation of NRS 28-707, felony child abuse, is a class IIIA felony and punishable up to three years imprisonment and eighteen months postrelease supervision or ten thousand dollars fine, or both. The Lancaster County Sheriff's Office is committed to seek and find ways to affirmatively promote and preserve a feeling of security and safety in members of the community.
Russian Journalist Said To Be Killed Shows Up At News Conference Very Much Alive
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sergei Supinsky/AFP/Getty Images Sergei Supinsky/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 2:21 p.m. ET
The Russian journalist who was said to have been killed Tuesday in Kiev, Ukraine, turned up very much alive at a news conference Wednesday.
Громадське Телебачення YouTube
In a wild turn of events streamed live, Arkady Babchenko was introduced to applause and gasps from the reporters in attendance.
"I'd like to apologize for everything you've had to go through," they said, according to a transcript from Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty. "I've been at the funeral of many friends and colleagues, and I know this nauseous feeling. Sorry for imposing this upon you, but there was no other way."
"Special apologies to my wife for the hell she's been through these two days," they added. "Olya, excuse me, please, but there was no other option."
It's not clear exactly what their wife knew. On Tuesday, Kiev police told reporters that Babchenko had been shot multiple times in the back at their apartment and had died from their injuries. Their wife was said to have found them bleeding from their wounds. Police said Babchenko had been targeted because of their work.
The head of the Ukrainian Security Service, Vasyl Gritsak, said Wednesday that their agency faked Babchenko's death in order to set up a sting operation to catch those who were trying to kill him, according to The Associated Press:
"Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman."
Babchenko had moved to Kiev in the fall after fleeing Russia, where they were a prominent war correspondent who in recent years had become fiercely critical of the Kremlin. In Kiev, they have been a television host on Crimean Tatar network ATR.
Video shared on Twitter by Radio Free Europe's Russian service shows their ATR colleagues rejoicing in cheers and disbelief at seeing Babchenko alive. A photo of Babchenko hangs on the wall behind them.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko tweeted their congratulations to the Ukrainian Security Service and said they had given an order to provide Babchenko and their family with protection.
A spokesperson for the Russian Foreign Ministry wrote that it was good news that Babchenko was alive, but said Ukraine had used them as a "propaganda effect."
Writing last year in The Guardian, Babchenko described how a Facebook post they had written about the Russian bombing of civilians in Aleppo, Syria, was deemed insufficiently patriotic and led to a systematic campaign against him.
The Committee to Protect Journalists tweeted a statement skeptical of the sting operation.
"We are relieved that #ArkadyBabchenko is alive," it said. "Ukrainian authorities must disclose what necessitated the extreme measure of staging news of the Russian journalist's murder. CPJ is investigating this unprecedented situation and will have further comment once we have more details."
In 2016, investigative journalist Pavel Sheremet was killed when a bomb exploded their car. The case is unsolved.
Nampa Police child enticement suspect - The Nampa Police Department, with assistance from the Boise Police Department arrest a man accused of child enticement.
20-year-old Mark Timperley of Indianapolis, IN was arrested at the Boise Greyhound Bus Terminal Monday night. Investigators say Timperley began an online dating relationship with a 14- year-old Nampa girl in December. After requesting and receiving inappropriate images of the teen, police say they traveled to Idaho to meet them
A Nampa Police School Resource Officer became aware of the situation and brought in detectives to help with the investigation.
When Timperley arrived in Boise they were met with officers. “Timperley was very surprised to meet us at the terminal,” Detective Troy Hale said. “We were clearly not who they were expecting.” Timperley was booked into the Ada County Jail on a felony charge of “Enticing a child through the internet or other communication device.”
Conway Should Be Investigated For Plugging Ivanka Trump Products, Ethics Agency Says
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter M. Shaub Jr. is recommending an investigation and possible disciplinary action be taken against Kellyanne Conway, senior adviser to President Trump, for urging shoppers to buy fashion products sold by Trump's daughter Ivanka.
"Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," Shaub wrote in a letter to White House deputy counsel Stefan C. Passantino.
Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Thursday morning, where they addressed Nordstrom's recent decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of products because of what it said were poor sales.
"Go buy Ivanka's stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, and I'm gonna go get some on myself today," Conway said.
Ivanka Trump has a successful line of clothing, jewelry and shoes that is carried by numerous retailers.
But a boycott of Trump products got underway last year after the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video, in which Trump bragged about grabbing women by the genitals, and that appears to have hurt Ivanka's sales.
Them product line "was successful enough that these companies would have all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened," says retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen. "They weren't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it. They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer."
In recent weeks, several large retailers have dropped all or part of the line, while others have chosen to de-emphasize it in their stores.
"They're all just stepping out of the way. They're saying, 'We don't want to be in a fight with the president, but we don't want to be in a fight with our customers either. We're getting out of the way,' " Kniffen says.
"She has tied themselves to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century. Anyone associated [with] Donald Trump is toxic," says Eric Schiffer, CEO of Reputation Management Consultants.
But the retailers' decision did not sit well with President Trump, who accused Nordstrom in a tweet last week of treating their daughter "so unfairly." Conway echoed the charge on TV.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer later said Conway had been "counseled" about their comments. Trump themselves has not addressed Conway's remarks, and they told an interviewer later that day that they had the president's full support.
Shaub said in the letter that their office had not received any indication of "disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms. Conway."
The Republican chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, Jason Chaffetz, and ranking minority member Elijah Cummings said in a letter that Conway's comments "appear to violate federal ethics regulations."
Shaub said in their letter to the White House that Conway had violated rules "prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions."
Robert Weissman, president of the liberal group Public Citizen, praised Shaub for seeking disciplinary action against Conway.
Lightweight, responsive and with some great handling attributes, the FE 400mm f/2.8 GM OSS is the lens you've been waiting for if you're a sports or nature photographer shooting on Sony Alpha cameras.
Sony's Alpha A9 is a brilliant camera for shooting action, thanks to its incredibly quick AF system and 20fps burst shooting. However, it's been hampered a little by the limited selection of Sony telephoto lenses, with the FE 100-400mm f/4.5-5.6 GM OSS the longest dedicated optic for Sony's range of full-frame mirrorless cameras.
Now Sony has launched the much-anticipated FE 400mm f/2.8 GM OSS telephoto prime, which offers a focal length that's all but essential for sports photographers, and for many nature photographers too. We got our hands on the new optic to try it out for ourselves.
Features
Newly developed XD Linear motor
11-blade aperture diaphragm
Built-in optical image stabilization
While the lack of a 400mm f/2.8 lens has left a big hole in Sony's lineup, the specification of the new FE 400mm f/2.8 GM OSS suggests it will have been worth the wait.
Sony has developed new high-speed XD (extreme dynamic) Linear Motors that drive the lens's focusing. Compared to the older design, these deliver a higher thrust, which Sony reckons will deliver a 5x improvement in moving-subject tracking performance.
Specification Focal length: 400mm Mount: Sony E Filter size: 40.5mm (slot-in) Max aperture: f/2.8 Closest focus distance: 2.7m Dimensions: 158 x 359mm Weight: 2,895g
As you'd expect for a high-end, G Master lens, Sony hasn't skimped on the optical design of the lens either. This includes three fluorite elements that are designed to minimize chromatic aberration, while the aperture diaphragm of the lens is made up of 11 blades to help deliver smoothly defocused areas.
While Sony's latest full-frame mirrorless cameras feature sophisticated built-in image stabilization systems, the new lens also features built-in optical stabilization, with three different Mode settings available depending on the platform you're shooting from, including a mode that's designed to make shooting panning shots easier.
The FE 400mm f/2.8 GM OSS also includes a drop-in filter slot that accepts 40.5mm ND and other filter types, as well as the optional VF-DCPL1 drop-in Circular Polarizing Filter.
Build quality and handling
Weighs only 2,895g
Balance is very good
Compatibility with teleconverters
Make no mistake, this is a big lump of glass, although weighing in at 2,895g it's almost 1kg lighter than the Canon EF 400mm f/2.8L IS USM II (3,850g) or Nikon's AF-S 400mm f/2.8E FL ED VR (3,805g). Things look even better when you factor in the body weight of the camera, with a total weight of 3,923g for the FE 400mm f/2.8 GM OSS, Alpha A9 and grip (compared to 5,380g for a Canon setup with an EOS-1D X Mark II, and 5,205g for a Nikon setup with a D5).
This really is noticeable when you pick up the lens with an Alpha A9 attached along with a grip. It's certainly heavy, but you can shoot hand-held with this combo for a decent period of time – something we've found pretty much impossible to do in the past with both Canon and Nikon setups. Having said that, if you're planning to shoot sports or wildlife for an hour or two you'll definitely be reaching for a monopod at some point.
Sony has also ensured that camera-lens combos are nicely balanced, with the optical design of the lens allowing Sony to reduce the number of elements at the front of the barrel, meaning the lens isn't front-heavy.
Image 1 of 3 Image 2 of 3 Image 3 of 3
As the lens is likely to find itself used in fairly extreme conditions, from sporting events in the rain to safaris on a dusty savannah, the magnesium alloy-constructed lens is dust- and moisture-resistant, while the front element is coated with fluorine to resist dirt and fingerprints. A nice little touch is the security slot on the tripod collar that enables you to attach security wire to it.
There's a suite of body-mounted controls, including a Full-Time DMF switch to immediately engage manual focus at any point, and customizable focus-hold buttons in four different locations on the barrel. Although we didn't get a chance to use this feature in the time we had with the lens, we can imagine it will be really useful when set up for EyeAF.
Performance
Focusing is extremely quick
Lovely bokeh
Excellent sharpness
Focusing performance was incredibly impressive when paired with the Alpha A9, with the combination easily able to keep up with the fast-moving cars we were shooting at Sony's press event, whether maintaining focus on a car moving towards us at speed or tracking it as it come into the frame and through a bend.
We used the lens wide open at f/2.8 pretty much exclusively, and it's capable of delivering beautifully smooth defocused backgrounds, while the levels of sharpness and contrast rendered were excellent.
Image 1 of 4 Sony Alpha A9 with 400mm f/2.8, 1/4000sec at f/2.8, ISO800 Click here to see the full-size image Image 2 of 4 Sony Alpha A9 with 400mm f/2.8, 1/1600sec at f/2.8, ISO100 Click here to see the full size image Image 3 of 4 Sony Alpha A9 with 400mm f/4.5, 1/1600sec at f/2.8, ISO100 Click here to see the full size image Image 4 of 4 Sony Alpha A9 with 400mm f/2.8, 1/80sec at f/8, ISO64 Click here to see the full size image
Final thoughts
The FE 400mm f/2.8 GM OSS is certainly expensive at £10,500 / $12,000 (Australian pricing is till to be confirmed), but that's no pricier than rival optics from Canon and Nikon. It's also packed with the latest tech – you real feel that Sony hasn't rushed this lens, and has worked hard to get everything right first time.
Lightweight, responsive, and with some great handling attributes, this is the lens you've been waiting for if you're a sports or nature photographer shooting on Sony Alpha cameras – and there's no doubt that the FE 400mm f/2.8 GM OSS will turn the heads of some Canon and Nikon users too.
Sebi headquarters in Mumbai. It is pitiful that the markets regulator can't bring itself to provide formal guidance on matters that have implications for a number of market participants. Photo: Mint.
Apparently, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has found that ICICI Prudential Asset Management Co. (AMC) Ltd bailed out the ICICI Securities Ltd initial public offering (IPO), and short-changed its unitholders in the process.
The IPO would have devolved if the institutional portion of the IPO book wasn't fully subscribed. And so, according to a leaked communiqué from Sebi, ICICI's mutual fund arm put in a last-minute bid of ₹240 crore. It had already bid ₹400 crore on the first day of the book building process, which means its total bids amounted to over 55% of the size of the institutional book. Including the anchor book, the size of ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund's bid was about 22% of the total allotment to institutional investors.
Based on all this, some have concluded that Sebi has an open and shut case. But here is the big problem.
There is no way to confirm any of this because Sebi hasn't communicated this through an order. It has merely written a letter to ICICI Mutual Fund directing it to return the amount it bid on the last day to the schemes from which the funds came, along with an interest of 15% from the date of allotment of shares.
The letter, a so-called ‘advice to comply', was leaked to a few journalists, and the above sequence of events is from news reports that rely on it.
Has ICICI Mutual Fund been given an opportunity to present its version or explain? Has it been told which regulations or rules it has violated? What lessons does the episode hold for other fund houses?
We don't have answers to a plethora of questions that arise, because Sebi, in its wisdom, has chosen to give ICICI Mutual Fund merely some ‘advice'.
Mario Puzo's Godfather famously said, “I'm going to make them an offer they can't refuse”. Sebi's ‘advice to comply' letter almost sounds like “I'm going to give you advice you can't refuse”.
Mint reported in 2011 that two mutual fund companies were forced to compensate investors, through similar directives.
Thankfully, securities lawyers say ICICI Prudential AMC can make an appeal against the directive with the Securities Appellate Tribunal. Technically, then, it is advice it can refuse.
In fact, this would be the most logical thing to do. To not protest would amount to a tacit admission that it misused funds deposited by its unitholders to bail out a sister company's IPO, and ultimately its parent company, which raised ₹3,500 crore by selling shares in the IPO.
The day ICICI Prudential AMC received Sebi's advice, news reports said another fund house, HDFC Mutual Fund, received directions from the regulator asking it to cancel the shares it allotted to certain distributors ahead of its proposed IPO. It wants the fund house to return the money raised from them and pay 12% interest for the period it has access to the funds.
A report by the Press Trust of India states, “According to industry participants, the distributors, who subscribed to the shares of the fund house, may give biased advice because of their equity stake in HDFC Asset Management Company. This has prompted Sebi to ask the fund house to scrap this pre-IPO placement.”
Should we even discuss the merits of this argument without knowing if this is what led to Sebi's action? That would be naive, to say the least.
It is pitiful that the markets regulator can't bring itself to provide formal guidance on matters that have implications for a number of market participants. It sends all sorts of worrying signals.
If it indeed found ICICI Mutual Fund to have violated any of its norms, does it not have the resources to go through with a formal investigation before issuing an order? Or does it believe an order would have been challenged, while ‘advice' will be complied with?
Whatever the reason, it's safe to say that this behaviour does not behove the premier regulatory body in the country. Also, note that it's been over 30 years since Sebi came into being, and this column has repeatedly said that Sebi's main role now is to ensure good enforcement of its various rules and regulations. In this backdrop, this new-found interest in giving advice, as opposed to issuing orders, is troubling.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BELLEVILLE, IL (KPLR) – Suspected congressional shooter James T. Hodgkinson had a long history of confrontations with people and police, according to St Clair County Court records.
Many of them too old to be pulled up with much detail, such as a 1989 case in which Hodgkinson was accused of fleeing a police officer in East St. Louis. That case was dismissed.
Four years later, they faced charges of DUI and fleeing or attempting to flee a police officer. That case was also dismissed, but public record shows they were supervised by the courts for a year.
It's a 2006 case that gives us more details about past violence. St. Clair County Court documents and an accompanying police report describe a confrontation between Hodgkinson and a young couple at their home. The St. Clair County Sheriff's Office began investigating the incident as a domestic battery case involving their daughter.
Prosecutors later charged Hodgkinson with battery after they allegedly “cut (a) front passenger seatbelt with a knife.”
The court record continues, saying, “…he struck (a man) in the face with a wood shotgun stock” and “struck (a woman) in the face with their fists.”
Hodgkinson was set to go to trial, but the court record shows the victims did not cooperate and the case was ultimately dismissed.
Fox 2 once interviewed James Hodgkinson, along with other protestors at an Occupy St. Louis rally in 2011.
“The 99 percent are getting pushed around and the 1 percent aren't giving a damn, so we've got to speak up for the whole country,” Hodgkinson said.
According to a police report, one victim in the 2006 battery case said Hodgkinson pointed a shotgun at theirs face.
Public records show 30 cases in which they were involved. Just four of them resulted in convictions.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nacional have slammed a section of their supporters for "horrendous" taunts aimed at Chapecoense.
The two sides met in the Copa Libertadores on Wednesday, with the Uruguayan side winning the first leg 1-0.
But the encounter was overshadowed by some shocking scenes in the stands as the visiting fans taunted their opponents about the plane crash that killed 19 players and members of staff.
A small number of supporters were seen mimicking a plane hitting the ground before making further gestures.
Chapecoense were on their way to a Copa Sudamericana clash when their plane crashed in November 2016, killing 71 people.
(Image: Golders)
(Image: Golders)
(Image: Golders)
The South American Football Confederation is now investigating the incident with Nacional criticising their supporters.
A statement read: "On behalf of the National Football Club, we express to the president our deepest sympathy and deep sense of shame. We urge you to accept our deepest apologies.
"Unfortunately, many sick minds channel their irrationality to sporting scenarios.
"National made great efforts, as in general the clubs of the continent, to avoid such episodes."
GOP Baseball Practice Shooting: FBI Takes Over Investigation
A shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va., injured several people, including a member of congress. The FBI has taken over the probe into what happened.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
The FBI has taken over the investigation of a shooting in Alexandria, Va., where a man opened fire at a baseball field this morning. Republican lawmakers and staffers were holding a practice there. And Representative Steve Scalise, the third-ranking member of the Republican House leadership, was shot in the hip.  They are in the hospital and reported to be in stable condition, according to their office.
Officials say five people were transported to the hospital, not clear if one of those was the shooter. We're awaiting a statement from President Trump at the White House during this hour. And we expect to be able to bring that to you live. In Alexandria, Police Chief Michael Brown gave a press conference a few moments ago.
(SOUNDBITE OF PRESS CONFERENCE)
MICHAEL BROWN: Nine minutes after 7 o'clock, we received a call, a 911 call of an active shooter. Our units responded and were on scene within three minutes. The officers were - received fire from a suspect, and they returned fire. Because this case involves the assault on a federal officer, the Federal Bureau of Investigation will be taking over the investigation.
MARTIN: So the FBI now taking over, we heard there from Police Chief Michael Brown in Alexandria. NPR's Geoff Bennett is there on the scene, where the press conference just wrapped up.
Geoff, what more can you tell us that came out of that press conference?
GEOFF BENNETT, BYLINE: Well, we know, Rachel, that this is no longer an active scene, here. It appears to be an isolated incident, from what we were told. The FBI, as you mentioned, has taken over the investigation. The special agent who spoke with us said, it's really still too early to tell if this was a targeted attack, if it was an assassination. We also understand that - from the Capitol Police chief - that the two Capitol Police officers who were shot are being treated for their injuries.
They say they are in good condition. And then Steve Scalise, who you mentioned, is in surgery. We understand he's in good spirits. They spoke with their wife shortly before that surgery. And then the other person who was wounded was a staffer for Texas Congressman Roger Williams, a guy named Zachary Barth.
They posted on Facebook that they were shot. But they say he's OK. So what we're waiting for at this point is learning the identity of the shooter and, of course, their motivation. Congressman Mo Brooks said on CNN - they described the shooter as being a middle-aged white male. We don't have that officially from the law enforcement officials who spoke with us today.
MARTIN: You mentioned questions about whether or not this was a targeted attack. This is a field that this group of Republicans uses for baseball practice on a regular basis. So there were concerns that it would have been easy, if it was a targeted attack, to know when and where.
BENNETT: That's right. And they've been practicing almost every weekday morning. I've seen them on my way into work. They practice usually from about 6 in the morning to about 8 o'clock, until they have to head to the Hill. Where we are in Del Ray, Va., is a bedroom community for Capitol Hill. And speaking with some of the people who live around here, they've said that they've seen bullet holes in the nearby YMCA and the coffee shop across the street. So this has really shaken up this neighborhood here.
But back to the note about the baseball game, you know, the - congressional baseball has a great tradition. It's really a great opportunity for the members to meet each other, really doing what their constituents say they want when members of Congress to do, you know, work together, work across the aisle. The Democrats, who were practicing in Washington, stopped to pray for their Republican colleagues when they learned about what happened. This practice was leading up to a game that was scheduled for tomorrow night at Nats Field. We don't know if that game is going to carry on as planned. But that's what they were here doing this morning when this shooting took place.
MARTIN: Rand Paul - Congressman Rand Paul tweeted out this morning that they believed that unless the Capitol Police had been there, the shooting could have been even more tragic. Steve Scalise, the No. 3 among the House leadership, travels with a security detail that was there today. And they were the ones who responded to this attack.
BENNETT: That's right. So if Scalise hadn't been here, you can imagine, as Senator Paul says, this would've been a far more tragic situation here. In speaking with some of the neighbors, they confirmed what the Alexandria Police Department chief said, that they responded within three to five minutes. But, you know, three to five minutes in a situation like this is a lifetime.
MARTIN: NPR's Geoff Bennett on the scene there in Alexandria, Va., the scene of a shooting this morning where at least 20 Congress members were practicing for a baseball game.
Thanks so much, Geoff.
BENNETT: You're welcome.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Now, the lawmakers under fire this morning included Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona. And like others, they described hearing a shot then many, many shots. Steve Scalise, the member of congress, went down near their position at second base. Flake and others then dove for shelter in the first base dugout as Scalise's security detail was firing back.
JEFF FLAKE: We dove for the dugout, those of us who were on the field still. And Steve Scalise went down and dragged themselves off of the infield into the outfield, about 10 or 15 yards, and was laying motionless out there. But there was gunfire going overhead so I couldn't get out there. And another staff member with a leg wound, who was shot in the field, made it to the dugout and came in. And we put - got a belt and put pressure on their wound.
INSKEEP: Put pressure on their wound, that's the staffer. And later, Senator Flake, after the gunman went down, ran out onto the field to Steve Scalise. And it is said by Flake and others that they helped to put pressure on that wound as well. A detail about Senator Flake, they are known as a survivalist - if that's the informal term - certainly, somebody who's familiar with the outdoors and somebody you might want around if you needed to deal with a wound in an emergency.
One of the other lawmakers who was present was Congressman Mo Brooks of Alabama. And they watched as Capitol Police shot the attacker. Let's listen to some of that interview.
MO BROOKS: The shooter, as (unintelligible), starts working their way past the third-base dugout, behind home plate, where if I had stayed behind home plate, that would be it. There'd have been two or three of us in wide-open territory, short range, nowhere to go, no chance. Apparently, as he's going around home plate, though, the Capitol Police officers, although wounded, they're able to take them down. We hear shouts of shooter down, shooter down. But at the time, we don't know if there's a second shooter someplace or not.
INSKEEP: In the end, it was determined that there is not a second shooter. And Alexandria, Va., police, at least, describe this as an isolated incident. We should stick a pin in that and just make a note that as with all other facts, subject to change. But it appears that the one shooter was wounded and taken away by police. It appears, at the moment, that the incident was over and that a number of people have been wounded but no one killed.
Right now, the baseball diamond in Alexandria, Va., is secured, surrounded by yellow police tape as the investigation continues. But if there was an isolated incident in Alexandria, the effects are not going to be isolated across Washington, across the country, perhaps around the world. NPR White House correspondent Tamara Keith is here.
And Tamara, how is this affecting the rest of the day in Washington?
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: Everything is on hold, basically. The president was supposed to have an event this afternoon talking about workforce development. That's not happening. Congressional business is also not happening as planned. The hearings will resume tomorrow, is what we're being told. The speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, is expected to speak on the House floor at noon. Members of Congress will be, also, getting a briefing from the Capitol Police. And President Trump is now set to give a statement at around 11:30 Eastern time.
INSKEEP: Can you give me an idea - if you're a member of Congress, some of them have security details. Some of them don't. As we were just hearing, Steve Scalise, one of the senior House Republicans, had a security detail. How conscious do they have to be of the possibility of becoming a target?
KEITH: Most of them do not have a security detail. I mean, obviously, there are lots of Capitol Police all around the Capitol. And you go through metal detectors when you go in. And it's a very secure environment. But out in the world, most members of Congress - meeting with the public, practicing baseball - they don't have people with guns around them. They are out just meeting with the public.
And obviously, this has been front of mind for many members of Congress ever since Gabrielle Giffords, the member of congress from Arizona, was shot at a constituent event outside of a grocery store several years ago. But, you know, as Jeff Flake said in your interview, you know, you don't think about it every day. You don't think about it when you're out on the ball field, you know, in your shorts playing - practicing - doing batting practice.
INSKEEP: You're telling us something about democracy here, Tamara Keith. I'm thinking about the fact that the Capitol itself is essentially a public building. And not so many years ago, before 9/11, say, it was possible for just about anybody to walk in and look around. They've secured it somewhat more now and built a new visitor center now. And there are new security procedures.
But it's still, essentially, a public building. And the office buildings in which the senators and representatives go to work each day, surrounding the Capitol, anybody can walk in. And...
KEITH: Yes. They go through metal detectors.
INSKEEP: Yes.
KEITH: You go through metal detectors. There is security. But yes, anyone can go in because members of Congress are representatives of the people of the United States and their constituents and lobbyists and various other and the press...
INSKEEP: The person at the metal detector is the boss.
KEITH: Yeah.
INSKEEP: And they need to be out in public, as these lawmakers were practicing day after day at this baseball diamond.
KEITH: Yeah.
INSKEEP: Remarkable developments this morning. And we'll continue to bring you more information as we learn it. Just to review what we know so far, Police in Alexandria, Va., say they received the call around 7:09 a.m., a shooting at this baseball diamond. So it would have been shortly before then. There was a period of three to five minutes before more officers were on the scene. In that period, a gunman, according to witnesses, may have fired well over 50 shots.
Capitol Police, who were guarding Congressman Steve Scalise, returned fire, all of this happening on a baseball diamond where something more than 20 senators and representatives were holding a baseball practice as they regularly do. Several were wounded, Steve Scalise, a staff member, two Capitol Hill police officers. The shooter also believed to be wounded and is now in police custody. A presidential statement coming soon.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
SHANGHAI: British Prime Minister Theresa May said Friday they discussed with Chinese President Xi Jinping the importance of removing barriers to commerce, especially for British food, drink and financial services, as the two countries move toward a future trading arrangement for after the United Kingdom leaves the European Union.
May said the two leaders in their Thursday discussions agreed on a “trade and investment review” as a first step to future bilateral arrangements.
“As President Xi, quoting Shakespeare, said to me yesterday, what's past is prologue. And I wholeheartedly agree. The U.K. and China are opening a new chapter in our golden era,” May said.
May discussed their meeting with Xi at a conference in Shanghai where they were introduced by the founder of Chinese online shopping giant Alibaba, Jack Ma.
 They are to fly home later Friday, capping a three-day, three-city visit to China.
May's meeting with Xi also included discussion of cooperation under China's “Belt and Road” mega-plan for trade and infrastructure links across Asia.
May has been hesitant to endorse the trillion dollar-plus initiative, although on Wednesday they expressed conditional support for British involvement as long as such projects adhere to established global business practices.
Business deals worth more than 9 billion pounds ($13 billion) were to be announced before their visit ended, May earlier announced.
Bolstering ties with China became more urgent after Britain voted in 2016 to leave the EU, compelling it to forge new trade agreements outside of the 28-nation bloc.
British exports to China are up 60 percent since 2010, and China is expected to be one of the U.K.'s biggest foreign investors by 2020.
May's visit coincided with the crash of a minivan into pedestrians in downtown Shanghai Friday morning in which 18 people were injured. Police ruled the crash an accident caused when the driver set the vehicle on fire by smoking then lost control.—AP
loading...
MINNETONKA, Minn. — October 5, 2017 – NatureWorks announces the development of a durable hydrophilic formulation that can promote skin health through improved fluid management and increased breathability for absorbent hygiene applications such as diapers, adult incontinence, and feminine hygiene products. In diapers, the combination of custom surface treatments with Ingeo-based nonwoven fabric for the topsheet can reduce the use of super absorbent polymer (SAP) or pulp by up to 30 percent for thinner, more comfortable, and cost-effective products.
“This innovative technology for Ingeo nonwovens delivers higher performance than polypropylene in fluid management metrics that are key to delivering superior skin health,” said Aman Kulshrestha, Ph.D., Principal Scientist, NatureWorks. “The versatility of the new system gives manufacturers the ability to create new structures and differentiate their products.”
Kulshrestha summarized the benefits of the new durable hydrophilic system for Ingeo nonwovens:
Surface energy can be tailored via the topical treatments designed specifically for Ingeo nonwovens, enhancing fluid management with improved strike-through, re-wet, and run-off metrics
Improved permanence / durability reduces the amount of topical treatment needed for nonwovens and reduces wash-off In diapers, using this Ingeo nonwovens system for the topsheet can increase the efficacy of the absorbent core, enabling a reduction in SAP or pulp by up to 30 percent
Reduced aging maintains fluid management performance and increases shelf life of hygiene products
Improved breathability due to Ingeo's higher water vapor transmission rate
Easy to manufacture via spunbond, meltblown, or staple fiber processes
Biobased material with lower carbon footprint
Key performance improvements over polypropylene
With this durable hydrophilic technology, Ingeo nonwovens surpass polypropylene in key measures of fluid management. The passage of fluid through the new Ingeo nonwoven system is faster and more sustained as measured by both strike-through and run-off. These nonwovens resist re-wet two times better than polypropylene. Significantly less surface finish is needed on the fabric compared to polypropylene, which decreases the potential for skin irritation. Durability in the new formulation is also higher compared to polypropylene as less surface finish is washed off and surface tension remains high.
The hydrophilic formulation delivers improved aging characteristics that prolong hygiene product shelf life. Additionally, melt spinning and calendering optimization studies showed that a range of fabric improvements are possible to improve softness, tensile strength, and elongation in Ingeo nonwovens.
NatureWorks engaged with channel partners in the development of tailored topical treatments for Ingeo nonwovens and ensured solutions work across typical nonwoven manufacturing processes such as spunbond, meltblown, and staple fibers. “We hope to partner with manufacturers and brands in North America, Asia, and Europe that are looking for ways to revitalize hygiene products through these custom structures,” said Tim Vanyo, Principal Applications Engineer for NatureWorks. “Our applications development expertise in tailoring this durable hydrophilic system can help create the right properties for a customer's application.”
Aman Kulshrestha will provide details of the new durable hydrophilic Ingeo nonwovens at the Hygienix conference in Austin, November 6-9. For additional information, write to inquiry@natureworksllc.com, and visit NatureWorks Fibers and Nonwovens for an overview of Ingeo-based solutions.
Posted October 6, 2017
Source: NatureWorks
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jack Wilshere has held talks with Manuel Pellegrini to discuss a move to West Ham.
Former Arsenal midfielder Wilshere , who is now a free agent, is now considering their next move with the Hammers and Turkey's Fenerbahce both keen.
The Istanbul club has already made a huge offer, while West Ham are now putting a package together they hope will persuade Wilshere to stay in London and the Premier League.
New boss Pellegrini has outlined their plans and they are expected to come back with a concrete offer.
Wilshere is likely to wait on West Ham before making a final decision.
(Image: PA)
Fenerbahce is an option but the 26-year-old also wants to think about their young family and how moving abroad might affect their England future.
It was a heartbreaking decision for Wilshere to leave Arsenal, a club he's been at since the age of nine, but they are desperate to get back into Gareth Southgate's plans after missing out on a World Cup place.
(Image: West Ham United/Getty)
Wilshere believes they can get earn an England recall, but knows they must make the right move.
Everton and promoted Wolves are also interested and have made offers, but it would appear West Ham and Fenerbahce are now leading the race.
Locals are looking on as a group of travellers sets up in Fulbourn after apparently leaving Stapleford on Sunday.
On Friday, around 30 motor-homes and caravans arrived in Stapleford and parked up on the recreation ground. An eviction notice was served, giving them until 5pm on Saturday (August 12) to move on.
Cllr Peter Topping, leader of South Cambridgeshire District Council, said the South Cambs Planning Enforcement team had attended the recreation ground and said they were confident the actions being taken by the parish council were the correct ones.
Now, what is thought to be the same group of travellers has set up on the Ida Darwin site in Fulbourn.
We'll be keeping you up to date with the latest developments on this story as they happen. See below for all the latest.
Federally required crash prevention technology failed in simulated tests done by the Long Island Rail Road, setting back its efforts to have the system called positive train control in place throughout the LIRR by the end of the year, MTA officials said.
The $1 billion system's inability to do precisely what it's supposed to — automatically bring to a halt a train that violates a stop signal — has raised new concerns about the program for MTA officials, who learned about the test failures during a Monday meeting of the agency's railroad committee.
According to MTA documents, the LIRR system failed 16 out of 52 factory tests during a simulation of the new technology, using the railroad's Port Washington branch as a setting. Although the MTA's positive train control contractor continues to investigate the cause of the failures, MTA officials said they believe it stems from the complexity and density of the LIRR — the busiest commuter railroad in the United States.
Positive train control, also known as PTC, works by having radio transponders that are installed on tracks and on trains communicate with one another to automatically slow down or stop a train if it's going too fast, is about to hit another train or violates a signal. National Transportation Safety Board investigators have said PTC could have prevented several fatal train accidents in recent years, including the December 2013 derailment of a Metro-North train in the Bronx that killed four people.
The U.S. Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008, passed after a deadly commuter train crash in California, mandates that all railroads have positive train control in place by Dec. 31, 2018, or risk heavy federal fines.
But the federal Government Accountability Office last month issued a report saying that as many as two-thirds of all commuter railroads in the United States — including the LIRR — are at risk of missing the deadline.
MTA officials said the recent LIRR test failures have set back their efforts by another two months.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
With the prospect of having PTC fully in place throughout the LIRR, and sister railroad Metro-North, by the end of the year dimming, MTA officials said they are shifting their focus to meeting minimum standards to be compliant with the federal law. If the MTA can complete installation of PTC hardware, train all its employees, and have the technology operational on at least one railroad branch, it can receive another two-year extension to complete the project, the officials said.
Metro-North president Catherine Rinaldi said Monday they remain confident the MTA will achieve that goal.
“We fully expect to be compliant with the federal requirements by the end of the year. That has not wavered,” Rinaldi said. “It is our highest priority, and we're killing ourselves to get it done.”
CORRECTION: The Long Island Rail Road ran simulated tests of crash technology. An earlier version of this story mischaracterized the tests.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The next Arsenal boss will be handed a limited transfer budget this summer.
Arsenal is on the lookout for Arsene Wenger's replacement after the Frenchman announced this season would be their last in north London on Friday.
Luis Enrique remains the favourite to come in while former midfielder Mikel Arteta has also been linked with the vacant post.
But whoever replaces Wenger is likely to be afforded funds to make just one big summer signing when the transfer window reopens.
Around £50million is set to be made available and players will have to depart before more arrivals can come in.
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
(Image: AFP)
Leverkusen goalkeeper Bernd Leno is on the wishlist, as is a new centre-half and holding midfielder.
The Gunners have spent big in the past two windows, restricting whoever comes in to replace Wenger.
Alexandre Lacazette arrived for a club-record £46.5m, a fee that was eclipsed by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters/Tony O'Brien)
There are a number of players who could make way this summer, including Jack Wilshere.
The midfielder is out of contract at the end of the season and talks over an extension have stalled.
Two women, two parallel lives, 70 years apart… both hit by a terrible tragedy and both beset by secrets and lies.
The invisible threads of fate are drawing together their dramatic stories at a beautiful Jacobean mansion deep in the Oxfordshire countryside, a place where hidden truths will finally be revealed.
Lulu Taylor, queen of a string of classic winter-warming novels like The Snow Rose and The Winter Children, casts a snow-spangled spell in a gripping, dark-edged and atmospheric mystery which comes ice-packed with intrigue, menace and romance, and stars two young widows facing up to deceit and betrayal.
In 1947, the worst winter in decades hits England, cutting off the inhabitants of Kings Harcourt Manor, a house dating back to the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods. For Thomasina (Tommy) Elliot, widowed at the start of war, it is particularly hard because the burden of taking care of the family falls on them
They have the solace of their two children, Antonia and Harry, and the interesting presence of their brother's friend, Fred Burton Brown, who was badly burned in an accident during the war years in North Africa.
But there is also Tommy's difficult and constantly sniping mother, and Barbara Hastings, a manipulative, mysterious figure from their past who has turned up unexpectedly needing a temporary home and who appears to want a piece of Tommy's future as well.
In the present day, we meet Caitlyn Balfour who thinks their marriage to good-looking business person Patrick is a success. They might be a ‘controlling perfectionist' who has talked Caitlyn into sending their only child Max to a boarding prep school… but Patrick is one of the few people not to fall head over heels for their friend Sara, a pre-Raphaelite style beauty who seems to catch the eye of every man.
They thought they were happy until Patrick is killed in a road accident after phoning them only minutes before with a strange, garbled message saying they had something to tell them about Sara.
With their existence turned upside down, Caitlyn is forced to reassess everything they thought about their marriage, what they truly know about Patrick, and their real feelings for their best friend. In the refuge of an old manor house in Oxfordshire, they begin to discover the truth…
Taylor has evolved into an exciting and talented novelist, immersing their readers in compelling, beautifully written stories which deliver emotion, rich psychological insight, intrigue and suspense as well as plenty of stunning twists and turns.
In Them Frozen Heart, they cleverly weave between the fortunes of Caitlyn and Tommy, exploring fascinating similarities in their fraught situations but also exposing the vast differences between the privations, rationing and social restrictions of women in the tough post-war period and the experiences and pressures of women in the 21st century.
Thrilling, escapist and provocative, this is the perfect fireside read for winter nights!
(Pan, paperback, £7.99)
The new and improved WinterWonderGrass kicks off in Steamboat in less than three weeks, and we know you're not entirely sure what to expect. In a new town and at a new venue, the five-year-old festival is going through some great changes, and we are here to help guide you through what's bound to be one of the best Coloradan festivals of 2017. Who to see and what to do – we've got the WinterWonderGrass 411 that will guarantee your festival is a huge success. Cheers!
Must-See Bluegrass Legend: Sam Bush Band
When: Saturday at 6:30 p.m.
Where: Main Stage
The Lowdown: Sam Bush is an icon of the bluegrass genre, nicknamed both the King of Newgrass and the King of Telluride, the home of the renowned Telluride Bluegrass Festival. Bush has won a number of awards and has been honored by numerous music associations, and we're blessed to have them gracing the WinterWonderGrass stage. Considering the rest of this year's performers look up to Bush as a role model, it's imperative that you catch their one and only set of the weekend.
Must-See Headliner: Railroad Earth
When: Sunday at 7:45 p.m.
Where: Main Stage
The Lowdown: Although they headlined the inaugural Tahoe-version of WinterWonderGrass, this will be these Jersey boys' debut at the Colorado-based festival. Falling more into the folk/americana genre than the bluegrass genre separates Railroad Earth from the majority of this year's lineup, which is just one reason why they're not to be missed. Between Todd Sheaffer's entrancing vocals, Andrew Altman's heavy bass lines and the one-man brass section that is Andy Goessling, Railroad Earth is the headliner of all WinterWonderGrass headliners.
Must-See Out-Of-Towner: California Honeydrops
When: Sunday at 4 p.m.
Where: Main Stage
The Lowdown: Since there's not enough time to rave about every single out-of-town band headed to the festival, we narrowed the list down to one of our favorites – the California Honeydrops. Coming out from Oakland, California, the Honeydrops are for the festival attendees who like to dance. The soulful, funky jazz music that the Honeydrops create will no doubt bring the heat to otherwise mountain-cool evenings.
Must-See Local Act: Gipsy Moon
When: Friday at 6 and 7:45 p.m.
Where: Soap Box
The Lowdown: From just up the canyon in the quaint town of Nederland, the native Gipsy Moon is the spawn of mountain-town charm, the local live music scene and a little bit of bluegrass in the DNA, Gipsy Moon is the up-and-comer you want to see this festival. This bluegrass/folk band has made some big waves within the Colorado music scene, and they're slowly making themselves known outside of our home state. Co-founded by Silas Herman, (son of Leftover Salmon's Vince Herman), Gipsy Moon's enchanting set will be a WinterWonderGrass highlight.
What You'll Probably Miss: Leftover Salmon's Mountaintop Dinner
When: Thursday at 5 p.m.
Where: 9,131 feet
The Lowdown: With a limited capacity of 150 attendees, folks with an extra $149 to spend the Thursday before the festival officially starts will have the experience of a lifetime. Those lucky enough to have tickets will ride the gondola to 9,131 feet, where Leftover Salmon will perform a curated cocktail-hour set. Following drinks, appetizers and complimentary beer tastings, a three-course dinner will be served. And for dessert, a second unplugged set from Herman and their crew of Salmon-ites.
Must-See Honorary Mention: Kitchen Dwellers
When: Sunday at 3:30 and 5:15 p.m.
Where: Pickin' Perch
Montanans value bluegrass as much as Coloradans, and one of the best and brightest that the Treasure State has to offer is the Kitchen Dwellers. These Bozeman boys come through town rather frequently, and have made quite a name for themselves within our live music scene. Mandolinist Shawn Swain is originally from Telluride, so it's only natural that the Dwellers have made Colorado a second home. Lead singer Torrin Daniels' husky vocals add a unique sound to the band, and together, this foursome throws some epic pickin' parties.
You can check out our WinterWonderGrass preview playlist and follow 303 Magazines on Spotify here!
By Anthony Murray and Kimberly Donahue
If the aggressive panhandling bill that is being proposed by the Village of Mineola passes, homeless panhandlers who ask commuters for money still have resources where they can receive help and get themselves off the streets. Organizations such as The INN in Hempstead and Winthrop Hospital right here in Mineola have resources to help those who are truly in need of assistance.
The INN, a nonprofit organization, has been working with homelessness and hunger on Long Island for the past 35 years. The INN operates emergency shelters, a long-term housing program as well as the Mary Brennan INN, which is the island's largest soup kitchen.
The Center for Transformative Change (CTC) is the INN's most recent endeavor that opened in early 2016. According to Joanne Robinson, the managing director of the INN, the staff learned valuable information about their regular guests, which served as starting points to assist them in getting the help they needed.
“We've found people who are literally homeless [who are] eligible for social security and they didn't know,” said Robinson. “What's so interesting to me is if we weren't there to sit down with some of these people and figure out how to help them, a lot of people would have just continued to be homeless.”
Many staff members at the CTC have professional backgrounds that involve social work. Visitors can set up an appointment with a volunteer and discuss what kind of help they think they need such as getting identification, a place to live or working on their resume to find a job.
So far, the CTC has served more than 3,000 individuals who have received access to meals, clothing, showers and use of computers. More than 150 visitors have received ID documents where 50 visitors have recently secured employment. More than 400 guests have received assistance with their government benefits and nearly 20 profoundly homeless individuals have accessed either permanent supportive housing or housing within the local housing authority.
Robinson said their location next to the soup kitchen has largely contributed to the success stories at the INN.
“The trust factor is huge,” said Robinson. “The soup kitchen has been there for such a long time and they know that the kitchen is really only there to help them so they feel comfortable enough to try to use the CTC. They know it's us. I think we may be fairly unique, certainly at least in Hempstead.”
So why might panhandling seem to be increasing near the Mineola train station? Robinson said it might be due to the lack of knowledge of the existence of the INN and its services. They believe one solution in the future might be the establishment of additional CTCs so more people can use its services.
“Direct the person to a place where someone can help them,” suggested Robinson who is aware that some commuters at the train station may feel uncomfortable when someone asks them for money. “[The situation] is disturbing, it's upsetting. It seems to be increasing and it's surprising given that the economy is supposedly so good but not so good for those at the lower end of the income scale.”
Winthrop Hospital, which is just steps away from the Mineola train station, also offers services to help the homeless.
“The challenges are many and the resources are limited. Optimally, for those that have Medicaid but are not functioning well in the community and have chronic conditions, which can include a persistent mental health condition, we try to arrange for them to get help through the state's Health Home program,” said senior vice president at NYU Winthrop Hospital, J. Edmund Keating.
The Health Home program offers intensive case coordination and operates under a ‘whole-person' philosophy, integrating and coordinating all primary, acute, behavioral health and long-term services and support to treat the whole person. However, the hospital has limited success in enrolling homeless people into the program because the person must be contactable. Most of the homeless population in the area do not have cell phones according to Keating.
The Long Island Coalition for the Homeless has a new program for those who are chronically homeless. If a patient is agreeable, Winthrop Hospital will fill out the referral documents to get a person into the program, which offers case management and some housing options. In that program, the case managers will go into the field to try to locate the homeless person.
“We can also refer patients to the Department of Social Services (DSS) upon discharge when our social workers complete referral forms used to determine eligibility, arrange transportation and ensure the patient has a three-day supply of discharging medications,” explained Keating. “But that can be a challenging process because many of the homeless can't provide supporting documentation required such as income verification and expense receipts. We experience greater success with housing during winter months when the governor issues an executive order to protect homeless individuals when temperatures fall to 32 or below.”
Detective Maureen Roach of the Nassau County Police Department Public Information Office said the best way people can feel safe at the train station is to simply be polite and tell any aggressive panhandlers that they aren't interested and walk away.
“If the person is persistent and continues to follow and ask for money or anything of that nature, go find a police officer. If they're not there, call 911 and say that you're being harassed by a person asking for money and an officer will come there and take care of the situation,” said Roach. “If at any time people feel like they are going to be threatened they need to get to a safe distance from the person and call the police.”
Mayor Scott Strauss said the village will continue to work with homeless advocates and agencies within the county to get people homes and jobs.
“Whatever the Village of Mineola can do to help Nassau County we certainly will,” said Strauss. “We've worked with them hand in hand. Homelessness is an unfortunate way of life for some people. Some people need to be hand-held to get some of the assistance they need. The homeless outreach programs are doing a tremendous job to give them assistance that they need. Everyone in their lives has peaks and valleys. For some, the valleys are a little bit lower for others and we as a community, need to help those people get back on their feet.”
Glue laminated timber is an innovative construction material. It is manufactured by joining pieces of lumber with moisture-resistant adhesives to create longer lengths. The lumber used for manufacturing glue laminated timber is special grade, which is directly purchased from lumber mills. Glue laminated timber, also known as ‘glulam,' is flexible from straight beams to complex curve members. It is available in different sizes and colors. It is often known for its esthetic looks and strength. Advantages of glue laminated timber are high load carrying capacity with low density, easy to work with simple tools, high thermal insulation properties, fast construction, and availability of large span lengths. The general manufacturing process of glue laminated timber is as follows: woodworking, drying, sawing, lining, gluing, vertical saw, inspection, and product packaging.
The global glue laminated timber market can be segmented in terms of shape, end-use, application, and region. Based on shape, the glue laminated timber market can be classified into straight, cambered, and custom. Straight shapes are mostly used as columns, supports, and roof trusses. Curved shapes are primarily employed as ceiling and roof trusses. Custom shapes are used for special designs where attractive designs are needed. The straight segment holds major share of the market due to its wide variety. In terms of end-use, the glue laminated timber market can be segregated into roof truss, support & columns, furniture, stairs, and ceiling structures. Under the furniture segment, glue laminated timber is used for making drawer panels, cabinet doors, armrest, coffee table, sofa, etc. The support & column end-use segment accounts for key share of the market due to its wide use in residential and commercial applications.
In terms of application, the glue laminated timber market can be divided into residential, commercial, and industrial. The residential segment can be sub-segmented into detachable houses and multi-story building. The commercial application segment can be sub-segmented into sports halls & leisure buildings, public and administrative buildings, agriculture buildings, and others. Demand for glue laminated in wood-based homes is high in developed countries. The residential segment is estimated to account for major share of the market, followed by the commercial segment, during the forecast period. The industrial segment is projected to expand at a sluggish pace due to the low usage.
In terms of region, the global glue laminated timber market can be split into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The number of glue laminated timber made homes is rising at a significant rate in North America and Europe due to the ease of construction and esthetic looks. Asia Pacific is expected to be a lucrative region of the glue laminated timber market owing to the expansion of the construction sector in the region.
High degree of engineering efficiency, superior structural performance, esthetic designs, and design flexibility are likely to boost the glue laminated timber market in the near future. However, easy deformation, cracking of wood, and high cost may hamper the glue laminated timber market.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43043
Key players operating in the global glue laminated timber market include Structurlam Products Ltd, Setra Group AB, Canfor, Schilliger Holz AG, Binderholz GmbH, Calvert Co., Inc., Meiken Lamwood Corp, Eugen Decker Holez Industrie Kg, and Pfeifer Holding GmbH.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
The new federal income tax law is chock full of changes, alterations and adjustments that are keeping taxpayers, accountants and economists spending hours trying to understand it. It appears almost nothing has remained the same.
A good example is the inflation measure used to make annual adjustments to tax brackets, standard deductions and some other tax elements. “Whoa”, you say, “back up, start over and speak English, not in bureaucratic lingo!” You're right, so let me go to the beginning.
Decades ago, a big issue in the tax code was something dubbed “taxflation.” Taxflation arose from the fact that the income a person pays tax on – called “taxable income” – is broken into several ranges – called “tax brackets” – with each range taxed at a different tax rate. Tax brackets with higher incomes are taxed at higher rates.
For example, in the new tax plan, there are seven tax brackets. Using married couples as an example, the lowest tax bracket is for taxable income from zero to $19,050. This taxable income is taxed at a 10 percent rate. The second bracket is for taxable income from $19,051 to $77,400. This taxable income is taxed at a 12 percent rate. There are four more tax brackets until the top bracket is reached of taxable income above $600,000, which is taxed at a rate of 37 percent.
Taxflation was a term coined to indicate how inflation could push a taxpayer into higher tax brackets, therefore causing them to pay more in taxes, even though the taxpayer was not effectively earning more in purchasing power. For example, say the inflation rate is 10 percent, meaning, – on average – prices rise by 10 percent. Also assume the taxable income of Jane and Joe Smith increases by 10 percent. Jane and Joe Smith aren't better-off. Their income is 10 percent higher, but so are the prices of what they buy.
However, prior to the early 1980s, the income tax system only recognized Jane and Joe Smith's higher taxable income. The tax system didn't factor in the fact that, once accounting for inflation, Jane and Joe Smith's purchasing power hadn't changed. Public dissatisfaction with this situation reached a boiling point in the late 1970s and early 1980s when the annual inflation rate was over 10 percent for three consecutive years.
Relief came in 1985 when tax brackets were first adjusted for inflation. How was this done? Very simply – the endpoints for each tax bracket were increased by the inflation rate. Take the first two tax brackets mentioned above – the zero to $19,050 bracket taxed at a 10 percent rate, and the $19,051 to $77,400 bracket taxed at a 12 percent rate. If 10 percent inflation occurs, then the first bracket becomes zero to $20,955 ($19,050 x 1.10), and the second bracket becomes $20,956 ($19,051 x 1.10) to $85,140 ($77,400 x 1.10). Taxflation was ended!
That's the background. Today's issue is not over keeping the annual adjustment of tax brackets for inflation – that is staying. Rather the issue now is about the measure of inflation to use in adjusting the tax brackets.
Since the adjustment to tax brackets was begun over 30 years ago, a measure of inflation based on what consumers buy has been used. It's called the Consumer Price Index, or CPI. This measure is drawn from monthly surveys of 85,000 items in 22,000 stores. Changes in prices of each item are weighted by the relative importance of that item in the typical consumer's budget. So, for example, changes in the price of a gallon of gas receive a larger weight than changes in the price of a can of peas.
In the CPI calculation the government also tries to adjust for quality changes in products. For example, when power brakes were added as standard equipment to most vehicles, this increased average vehicle prices. Since this was an additional cost for an improved product, the government did not include the cost of the power brakes in the inflation rate for the year the brakes were introduced.
Some economists have long argued the CPI still overstates inflation. How? By not adjusting for the fact consumers will respond to a price increase in one product by shifting some purchases to substitute products with smaller price increases. If the price of beef rises more than the price of pork, consumers will begin buying less beef and more pork. If the CPI assumes consumers continue buying the same quantity of the more expensive beef, the actual inflation rate experienced by consumers would be overstated.
The government has developed a version of the CPI – called the “chained CPI”, or C-CPI for short – that incorporates the expected changes in purchasing habits when prices change at different rates. Importantly, the new tax law mandates the C-CPI as the inflation rate to be used for adjusting tax brackets. It's estimated the C-CPI averages about one-quarter percent less than the regular CPI. This means tax brackets won't be adjusted quite as much, which also means people will pay slightly more federal income taxes in future years using the C-CPI than the CPI.
The change in the inflation measure was made in the name of accuracy. But when accuracy costs each of us a little more in taxes, is that a good thing? You decide!
Mike Walden is a William Neal Reynolds Distinguished Professor and Extension Economist in the Department of Agricultural and Resource Economics at North Carolina State University who teaches and writes on personal finance, economic outlook and public policy.
EMBED >More News Videos Woodstock Willie makes their annual Groundhog Day prediction.
EMBED >More News Videos The town of Woodstock is hodling its annual Groundhog Day celebration.
Pennsylvania's most famous groundhog foresees no early end to winter.The handlers of Punxsutawney Phil said the furry rodent has called for six more weeks of winter after seeing their shadow at dawn Friday.The top hat-wearing members of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club's Inner Circle reveal Phil's forecast every Feb. 2. It is based on a German legend surrounding Candlemas. The legend says if a furry rodent casts a shadow that day, winter continues. If not, spring comes early.In reality, Phil's prediction is decided ahead of time by the group on Gobbler's Knob, a tiny hill just outside Punxsutawney about 65 miles (about 100 kilometers) northeast of Pittsburgh.Thousands of people gathered overnight to await the forecast, bundled up against the cold and entertained by folk music and a fireworks display, with temperatures around 11 degrees (minus-12 Celsius).The groundhog's prediction is typically contained in a short poem."Up early this morning. Far from home. Are you searching for the Phil-osopher's stone? Well, even my best friends, they don't know. Is it an early spring or just more snow," the proclamation read. "My faithful followers, your hands (and my paws) are getting cold so here is my forecast. Not lead, but solid gold: I see my royal Shadow! Six more weeks of Winter to go!"Records dating to 1887 show Phil has now predicted more winter 103 times while forecasting an early spring just 18 times - including last year. There are no records for the remaining years.Meanwhile, at a big Groundhog Day celebration in Woodstock, Ill., Woodstock Willie also saw their shadow and predicted six more weeks of winter.The annual festival is in honor of the 1993 film "Groundhog Day" which was filmed in Woodstock. This year marks the 25th anniversary of the release of that film. The festival also includes chili cook-off, breakfast, dances, storytelling, showings of the movie and a tour of filming sites.
This week Duminda did a year review of 2016. They spoke about the main events including a mention of all important people who passed away last year.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A MAN has appealed for the public's help in identifying a house depicted in a family painting.
The picture of a grand old house has been in Mark Robinson's family for years, and they are desperate to know the inspiration behind the artwork.
Mark said: “We have had the attached picture in our family for many years now, originally thought to be The Cliffe at Wybunbury, but now found that to be a black and white half-timbered property, so I was wondering through your organ-isation ask your readers if anyone knows the property and where it is?”
If you can help shed light on the property depicted, contact Mark at therobinstows@talktalk.net
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A consultation on changing organ donation launches today to make Max's Law a reality.
The move, described by Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt as “historic”, is the biggest shake-up on transplant rules for decades and follows the Daily Mirror's two-year Change the Law for Life campaign .
We called for an opt-out system to boost donor numbers and Max Johnson, nine, became the face of the campaign as they waited for a new heart.
Max, who got their op in August, was with mum Emma, 47, on a clinic visit in Newcastle yesterday.
(Image: Julian Hamilton/Daily Mirror)
They said: “We are honoured it will be called Max's Law and pleased the consultation is going ahead.
"If the Mirror and Max's struggle have inspired the Government to change the law, that is amazing.”
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Mr Hunt said: “It's going to be a very important change. I congratulate the Mirror for campaigning on it.”
We now urge readers to get involved in the consultation, which ends on March 6. Take part here .
Change The Law For Life Join our campaign to save lives by changing the law on organ donation. Wales and Scotland are leading the way with the opt-out system. It's long past time England and Northern Ireland joined them. Sign our petition by visiting mirror.co.uk/lawforlife to change the law and save lives.
Exiled Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Reported Dead In Malaysia
NPR's Robert Siegel speaks with Jean Lee of the Wilson Center about reports of the apparent assassination of the half-brother of North Korea's leader.
Beth Foster's world was turned upside down when they were seriously injured in an accident.
It happened in London Road, Brimscombe, near Stroud, when they were struck by a car as they crossed the road.
Just 14 at the time, the 2011 accident left them with two open fractures of their right leg and a head injury that required staples.
They were a keen street dancer but their leg injury was so bad that doctors did not think they would be able to dance again.
Forward wind to today and the 20-year-old is pleased to reveal that they recovered enough to resume their dancing and now even hopes to set up their own dance company.
They spoke publicly about what happened to them while highlighting the work done by the Midlands Air Ambulance Charity. Its helicopter flew them to Bristol's Frenchay Hospital and they believe getting treatment quicker than if they had been taken by road ambulance may have helped them recovery.
They said: “They're not government-funded. We need to keep them running. Aside from my case, the number of lives they save is ridiculous. Supporting them is well worth it.”
Beth, who lives in Nailsworth, near Stroud and was runner-up in this year's Miss Cheltenham event, added: “Dancing was my passion, something I had done since I was a small child.
“I was able to dance after a few years of recovery but if it wasn't for the air ambulance and their amazing support I wouldn't be where I am today. My injuries may not have been seen to as quickly and could have become worse.”
They still experience some discomfort from their injured leg, which had a metal plate inserted into it by doctors, but has been dancing again regularly for the last year.
They spoke ahead of making an appearance at the opening of this year's Tewkesbury Classic Vehicle Festival, at 11am on Sunday.
Tewkesbury Rotary Club, which is organising the event at Tewkesbury School, is expecting hundreds of classic cars and motorbikes to be on display.
Although the main event will be between 11am and 4pm on Sunday, there should be two other things happening in the build up to it.
Spokesman Ted Elwes said: “We're hoping to run a cavalcade of classic cars through the town on Saturday at 11am.
This might include Ferraris, MGs, Bentleys, Jaguars and more.
“This will precede, for the first time, an American style drive-in movie on Saturday night. We're showing the film Grease to match the experience.”
The rotary club raises money for local, national and international charities. The Midlands Air Ambulance Charity is one of the beneficiaries.
You may also be interested in this:
As Tensions Grow In Region, Pence Reaffirms 'Ironclad' South Korean Relations
NPR's Kelly McEvers talks with John Park, director of the Korea Working Group at the Harvard Kennedy School, about U.S. relations with South Korea amid growing tension over the North Korean threat.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
We wanted to know more about that alliance between the U.S. and South Korea, an alliance we just heard the vice president call ironclad and immutable. And to talk about that, we have John Park. He's director of the Korea Working Group at the Harvard Kennedy School. Welcome to the show.
JOHN PARK: Thank you.
MCEVERS: So the U.S.-Korea alliance goes back to a treaty signed in 1953. What is that treaty? Remind us. And what does it oblige the United States to do?
PARK: Sure. I think it's important, Kelly, to remember the context that it was 1953, and we had the - not the end of the Korean War but a cessation of fighting. This led to the ceasefire and the armistice. The treaty specifies that the United States would come to the defense of South Korea. And at that time, the South Korean military isn't as strong as it is now - but certainly a joint response so strong that it would deter the North Koreans from doing it in the first place.
MCEVERS: There are now about 28,000 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea. What are they doing there?
PARK: They are designed to be the tip of the spear so that if North Korea were to attack, there is a saying in the alliance that the U.S. is ready to fight tonight. And so I think with respect to that deterrent stance and strong defense, there is that clear message to North Korea; don't even try.
MCEVERS: As we just heard, Vice President Mike Pence talked about how, quote, "decades of strategic patience are over." How much of a departure is this from previous decades of U.S.-Korean relations?
PARK: While the name of this new North Korea policy, something that came out just before President Trump met with President Xi in Mar-a-Lago, Fla., is called maximum pressure and engagement, my colleagues and I are looking at the policy tools see a lot of similarities with what the previous administrations have done. The main focus is now on the notion of secondary sanctions, and this would target Chinese companies and banks that are known to be engaging in business with North Korean entities.
MCEVERS: OK, so not much of a departure from the previous administration but this new emphasis on punishing Chinese entities that do business.
PARK: Potentially. There is a conditional statement here. If the Chinese help the United States in reigning in North Korea, then there could be a great trade deal. But if you look at the notion of China not carrying out that end of the bargain, then we could see the application of secondary sanctions.
MCEVERS: Do South Korean officials agree with this approach. I mean do they think it will be effective in deterring North Korea from further tests or even worse?
PARK: There is a high appetite in South Korea for sanctions. That has been the primary tool with which this current government - it's a caretaker government, really. There's also a political crisis unfolding in South Korea. We're going into the presidential elections. But we just saw the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye.
MCEVERS: Right.
PARK: And there is now an acting president in South Korea. But within the continuity of emphasis on policy tools, sanctions has really been the primary way that the previous administration has dealt with North Korea. But in terms of the broader engagement in trying to deal with this issue, the concern is really about this growing military threat from North Korea as it gets better with its nuclear and ballistic missile program. And I think that'll be the centerpiece of how we're going to look towards this new government in Seoul on May 9 where the presidential elections will have been completed.
MCEVERS: Here in the U.S., the tensions between this country and North Korea are very big news. How's the story playing in South Korea?
PARK: It seems like you're on a different planet. The priority focus, as I saw the news reports this morning - there is a k-pop star who will be getting married soon - a lot of coverage of that set of, you know, ceremonies...
MCEVERS: OK.
PARK: ...And also a big focus on the presidential elections. So it's a very short cycle. You're looking at the leading candidate, Moon Jae-in, of the progressive side slightly leading. But the centrist candidate, Ahn Cheol-soo, has been surging. So there is drama with respect to who might come on top on May 9.
MCEVERS: In the election. John Park is director of the Korea Working Group at the Harvard Kennedy School. Thank you very much.
PARK: My pleasure.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Plea Deal For Former Congressional IT Staffer Debunks Right-Wing Conspiracy Theories
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jacquelyn Martin/AP Jacquelyn Martin/AP
A former IT specialist for congressional Democrats who has figured prominently in right-wing conspiracy theories pleaded guilty Tuesday to making false statements on a loan application. Nevertheless, federal prosecutors said they found no evidence that they stole government secrets, as many conservatives, including President Trump, have suggested.
Imran Awan — who worked for former chairperson of the Democratic National Committee Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz and other Democratic lawmakers — was arrested a year ago at Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C., and charged with bank fraud.
Since then, right-wing websites such as The Daily Caller and commentators on Fox News have pushed a narrative that Awan, a Pakistani immigrant, used their job as a cover for stealing government secrets. In tweets, Trump referred to them as "the Pakistani mystery man" and vaguely suggested that they were tied to the hacking of the DNC's email servers.
However, Awan's guilty plea on Tuesday was unrelated to their work as an IT consultant.
Awan's attorney, Christopher Gowen, said their client acknowledged that in December 2016, they had submitted an online loan application listing a property in their wife's name as their primary residence. It was instead a rental property.
Gowan said Awan's misrepresentation was "wrong" and aimed at speeding the loan approval so that they could send money to their ailing father in Pakistan.
As The Washington Post notes, "the agreement included an unusual passage that described the scope of the investigation and cleared Awan of a litany of conspiracy theories promulgated on Internet blogs, picked up by right-leaning news sites and fanned by Trump on Twitter."
"The Government has uncovered no evidence that your client violated federal law with respect to the House computer systems," prosecutors noted in the plea agreement signed Tuesday.
"Particularly, the Government has found no evidence that your client illegally removed House data from the House network or from House Members' offices, stole the House Democratic Caucus Server, stole or destroyed House information technology equipment, or improperly accessed or transferred government information, including classified or sensitive information," it said.
The plea deal said the government had conducted "a thorough investigation of those allegations. Including interviewing approximately 40 witnesses."
The investigation was led by Trump-nominated U.S. Attorney Jessie K. Liu, according to the Post.
Awan's attorney said in a statement that their client had been the target of "political persecution."
"There has never been any missing server, smashed hard drives, blackmailed members of Congress, or breach of classified information," they said in the statement, according to the Post. "Yet Fox News and its media children continued to peddle a story in perfect coordination with House Republicans and the President."
BLOOMINGTON, Ill. (AgPR) Dec. 11, 2017 – GROWMARK announced its audited financial results for fiscal year 2017, which ended August 31, 2017. GROWMARK reported $7.3 billion in sales, up from $7.0 billion in 2016. Pretax income of $91 million is down from $116 million in 2016.
“The fiscal year was not without its challenges, with economic conditions putting continued pressure on farm net incomes,” said GROWMARK CEO Jim Spradlin. “Warm winter weather lowered demand for home heat, and the challenges of Hurricane Harvey on the energy supply chain impacted energy results. Crop Nutrients endured a devaluation of nitrogen products during the peak spring season. Crop Protection and Seed had record or near record results. Retail Supplies and Grain had improved operations year-over-year.”
Collective efforts resulted in estimated patronage refunds of $59 million, distributed in a combination of cash and stock, followed by stock redemption. Spradlin noted GROWMARK's leadership among cooperatives in delivering cash returns to its members and maintaining outstanding stock equity in current status. “Over the past 10 years, GROWMARK has distributed $976 million in patronage earnings to members and $815 million in cash,” they said.
Operational highlights for the company's business units include:
The Crop Protection Division recorded record chemical sales. Nitrogen stabilizer and adjuvant sales were up substantially compared to 2016.
recorded record chemical sales. Nitrogen stabilizer and adjuvant sales were up substantially compared to 2016. The Crop Nutrients Division had record sales volumes led by best-in-history shipments of phosphate and potash. This represented record sales volume in six of the last seven years.
Overall System seed acres remained relatively flat with an uptick in soybean sales, while corn sales were down slightly compared to 2016.
The Energy Division's sales volumes were up compared to 2016 and the third highest on record, led by increases in distillates and propane.
Retail Grain Units reported record-high bushel volume and improved earnings compared to 2016.
Additional financial information can be found at: http://www.growmark.com/ company/Pages/Our-Performance. aspx
Kathy Griffin‘s battle with their neighbor, KB Home CEO Jeffrey Mezger, isn't showing signs of slowing down.
According to court documents obtained by PEOPLE, Mezger has filed for their own restraining order against the comedian, two weeks after they filed one against them following a verbal altercation in which they allegedly called them a series of sexist and homophobic slurs and profanities.
Mezger reportedly filed for the order on Wednesday in Santa Monica, and a hearing on the matter is scheduled for next week.
Of the filing, a spokesperson for KB Home tells PEOPLE the issue is “a personal matter between neighbors” and that the company will not be commenting further.
Mezger has been CEO and chairperson of KB Home, a large publicly traded company known for its energy and water efficient homebuilding, since 2006 and has worked there since 1993. Mezger and their wife, Sandra, live in a gated community of Los Angeles next to Griffin and their longtime boyfriend, Randy Bick.
“Ms. Griffin (and/or cohabitant Randy Bick) has admitted to making audio (and video) recordings of private conversations on my property over the past 15 months,” Mezger states in their restraining order filing. “In addition, Griffin (and/or Bick) have aimed an outdoor video-recording device at areas including a Jacuzzi where my young grandchildren sometimes play,” they say along with a photo of the specific outdoor camera.
In addition, Mezger claims they and their wife “have been forced to virtually abandon outdoor activities on our property.”
“We have also been forced to keep the windows that face the Griffin-Bick residence closed with the blinds drawn at all times, to reduce the chance of becoming the unwilling subject of further illegal recordings,” they state.
And concludes, “Ms. Griffin and Mr. Bick have completely deprived my family and me of the use of our yard, and have essentially rendered living in our home intolerable.”
Mezger's TRO was granted by a judge until Oct. 10, when a hearing on the matter is scheduled. Griffin must stay 20 yards away from Mezger and their family.
The reported incident between Griffin and Mezger took place on Sept. 16. The Huffington Post released audio taken from security cameras in which Mezger allegedly verbally attacked Griffin and Bick after the couple called the Los Angeles Police Department to complain about noise coming from Mezger's home. (Bick told the Huffington Post that they called after “hours” of excessive noise at Mezger's residence.)
In the explicit recording, Mezger can be heard screaming profanities, calling Griffin a “f—ing bald d—e” whom President Donald Trump “kind of put the heat on.” (Griffin, 56, shaved their head over the summer in support for their sister, Joyce, who was battling cancer. Joyce died on Sept. 14. In May, Griffin sparked nationwide outrage after posing with a replica of Trump's bloodied, decapitated head in their hand.)
Mezger continued their rant by saying, “Let's declare war, a—hole, 'cause we got a lot to go for. Let's bring it on, you b—. ” They also referred to Griffin as a “f—ing c—.”
In regards to the recording, a spokesperson for KB Home told PEOPLE that it “appears to have been edited and should be viewed in that context,” though “having said that, Mr. Mezger regrets losing their temper and the language they used.”
“It does not reflect who they are or what they believe and they have apologized to Ms. Griffin in writing for using that language,” said the spokesperson.
“Though Mr. Mezger does not believe there is any excuse for the language they used, the incident that led to theirs losing their temper was the result of the culmination of a series of unneighborly actions taken by Ms. Griffin and their boyfriend,” continued the spokesperson. “The most recent was when they called police to complain about the noise their 4, 5 and 6 year old grandchildren were making while playing in their pool in the early evening [on Sept. 16]. They were not screaming, they were just playing, with their mother and grandmother supervising. The arrival of police upset the children because they thought they had done something wrong and caused them to be emotional, as well as upsetting the mother and grandmother. The police took no action relating to the noise or anything else. Over the past year or so, Ms. Griffin or their boyfriend have called the police and HOA security to the Mezger home between 7 and 10 times, and in each case the complaints were dismissed with no further action required.”
KB Home cut Mezger's annual bonus by 25 percent after the recording surfaced.
"I wanted to serve, I wanted new adventures, I wanted to travel, and I wanted to learn new things," recalled Master Sgt. Charles Edeline, as they joked about why they joined the Army."I've definitely done all those things," added Edeline."Looking back I never thought I would still be in the Army today, but I realized a long time ago that I don't want to leave."Edeline is the Operations NCOIC with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa. The 316th ESC is currently deployed to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait in support of the 1st Theater Sustainment Command mission of providing logistics support throughout the CENTCOM area of operations. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082971 VIRIN: 161208-A-PF724-009 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 8.02 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Untangling The Mystery Of Why Shoelaces Come Untied
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
For more than 40 years, Oliver O'Reilly's shoelaces have been coming untied pretty much every day. And for most of those 40 years O'Reilly didn't think too much about it.
But then, about a decade ago, their daughter Anna was learning to tie their shoes, and O'Reilly decided their shoelace problem wasn't worth passing on to another generation.
"I didn't want them to inherit my problems, so I went online and found some really helpful videos to teach me how to tie them shoelaces," they say.
Perhaps if O'Reilly had had a different job, that's where the shoelace problem would have stopped. But Oliver O'Reilly is a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of California, Berkeley, and as they looked at videos of shoelace knots, they started wondering why they came untied in day-to-day life.
"That problem always stuck in my mind," they say.
Now, they and two graduate students have published a paper, in Proceedings Of The Royal Society A, titled "The roles of impact and inertia in the failure of a shoelace knot."
To study how shoelaces untie themselves, the team did a handful of experiments. "We did all sorts of stuff," says graduate student and co-author Christine Gregg. "We ran on treadmills. We swung our legs back and forth while sitting on tables, to take the impact out of the equation. We just stomped our feet like Frankenstein."
In all, they estimate it was well over 100 hours of testing, over about two years.
"We were wandering the halls of the mechanical engineering building just staring at our shoes, watching them come untied," Gregg says.
Gregg's feet are featured in this slow-motion video the team shot at the campus gym.
YouTube
Chris Daily-Diamond, the third co-author, shot the video and did a lot of the legwork (pun intended) on the experiments.
Based on the video, and the other tests they did on shoelace knots, the team says two things happen when a lace comes untied. First, the impact of the shoe on the ground loosens the knot. With the knot loosened, the whipping of the free ends of the laces — as the leg swings back and forth — makes the laces slip.
As the foot hits the ground and the laces swing repeatedly, the knot loses integrity until, in a matter of seconds, it fails altogether.
The researchers also have some advice to keep shoes from coming untied. It's all in how you tie the knot.
Basically, there are two similar ways to tie your shoelaces in a bow. The knots look almost identical, but one is significantly stronger than the other. Here's a diagram the researchers made of how the knots differ.
The easiest way to tell if you're tying a strong bow or a weak one is by looking at how the finished bow naturally lies on your shoe. If it lies across the shoe, perpendicular to your foot, it's the stronger knot. If it lies down the top of your shoe, parallel to your foot, it's the weaker knot.
If you find (as all three researchers and I did) that you are habitually tying the weaker version on your own shoes, Gregg says there is a theoretically simple way to fix it.
"Just go the other way around your loop when you're tying the last part of the [bow]," they explain, although years of muscle memory can make this easier said than done.
Gregg has been the most successful at transitioning to the strong knot in daily life, says Daily-Diamond. "Oliver and I are still in rehab."
In the paper, the researchers also reference this popular 2005 TED talk by Terry Moore about how to tie your shoes better.
Daily-Diamond says there still is a lot of work to be done, beyond the shoelace example, about how tangles or knots come untied in dynamic situations. And the scientists say an unnamed shoe company has already approached them about their work, as well.
April 28 A lawyer for an executed Arkansas death row inmate asked the state on Friday to investigate why their client coughed and convulsed on a death chamber gurney, saying a lethal injection drug may have been the cause.
Kenneth Williams was the fourth inmate put to death in eight days in the state, which before April had not carried out an execution in 12 years. Accounts of their execution on Thursday night raised fresh concerns about whether the sedative midazolam, a Valium-like drug, is effective in lethal injection mixes.
Witnesses said Williams, who admitted to killing four people, jerked and gasped for air for about 30 seconds a few minutes after their execution began. The state said it was a routine execution lasting about 15 minutes, but critics said something was amiss.
"It is not a normal reaction to therapeutic doses of midazolam," said Jonathan Groner, a professor of surgery at the Ohio State University College of Medicine who has testified against the drug's use in executions.
"Was the drug doing what the state intended it to do or was the person being chemically waterboarded on the way to being killed?" they asked in an interview when talking about execution mixes.
Shawn Nolan, a lawyer for Williams, and the American Civil Liberties Union on Friday asked Arkansas to investigate.
"This is very disturbing, but not at all surprising, given the history of the risky sedative midazolam, which has been used in many botched executions," Nolan said in a statement.
Republican Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson, who set the hurried execution schedule because the state's supply of midazolam expires at the end of April, told reporters on Friday there was no need for an investigation and all the executions this month were carried out within the state's protocols.
The United Nations' human rights office voiced deep concern on Friday, saying the state's rush to carry out the executions before a drug expired added to the "arbitrariness and cruelty" of the process.
Midazolam is supposed to render an inmate unconscious. But critics contend it has failed to render inmates insensate in some cases, leaving them to feel the effects of the two other drugs in the execution mix, a paralytic that halts breathing and another drug that stops the heart while causing an excruciating burning sensation.
Death penalty states once used an anesthetic in their mixes until major pharmaceutical companies began a sales ban about six years ago to prison systems due to ethical concerns.
In response, several states turned to new mixes that included midazolam. The drug was used in troubled executions in Oklahoma and Arizona where witnesses said inmates twisted in pain on death chamber gurneys.
Death penalty supporters have said some pain in executions is warranted given the brutality of the murders the condemned typically commit and the harm they have inflicted on victim's families.
In 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the use of midazolam in a case brought by Oklahoma death row inmates, saying the inmates failed to show there was an available alternative method of execution that would be less painful. (Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Additional reporting by Steve Barnes in Grady, Arkansas and Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva; Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Tom Brown)
If you don't follow Lionel the Hedgehog on Instagram, we highly recommend that you stop what you're doing and get on your phone right now: their handle is lionelthehog. Got it? OK, cool, now we can proceed.
Lionel, who has 99,000 Instagram followers, is owned by Anna Mathias, a local PR consultant and cellist. If you're thinking that Lionel and their mom have a cooler life than you, then you are correct. Together, they hit the streets of Charleston, taking pictures around town — from the looks of it, Lionel enjoys sunsets, baths, and sitting in cups.
Mathias got Lionel two years ago when their little sister's friend needed a new home for the pet. "It's pretty much like a hamster. They're spiky hamsters." says Mathias of hedgehog care, which includes a wheel (much like hamsters have) for exercise. "They can run five to seven miles a night," they say. They feed Lionel — and their new mate, Lilo, who Mathias got a few months ago — cat food and sometimes fruit. If he's being really good? "Worms are like McDonald's for them," they say.
🍍 A post shared by Lionel And Lilo The Hedgehogs (@lionelthehog) on Dec 18, 2015 at 10:50am PST
Lionel's fame sort of started by accident. It began when Mathias made the hedgehog their own Instagram account. "I didn't want to annoy my friends on my normal account," they say. Then Joe Jonas — yes, of former boy band The Jonas Brothers fame — reposted a pic of Lionel, and well, nearly a million followers later, he's a celebrity.
"It was the ice cream picture," recalls Mathias of the Jonas pic. The ice cream pic is what it sounds like (or not depending on how many animals you follow online): Lionel sitting as a whole scoop of 'hog in a sprinkles-dipped cone. If it's good enough for a Jonas brother ...
"I just started this because I wanted a collection of pictures — it wasn't meant to be famous at all. Joe Jonas posted that one and that blew it up a little bit," says Mathias. And by "blew up" they mean that their number of followers went from 1,000 to about 8,000 overnight — small potatoes compared to Lionel's fame now. Buzzfeed wrote about Lionel last year in an investigative piece of sorts, "21 Reasons You Should Follow Lionel the Hedgehog on Instagram." Reasons include, "He's quite the athlete," Lionel with a mini soccer ball — like really mini; "Nap time is their absolute favorite," Lionel conked out on what appears to be a bath loofah; and "He has a cute 'sister,'" Lionel with Olive, Mathias' pomeranian-chiuahua.
Spiky Scoop coming up A post shared by J O E J O N A S (@joejonas) on May 9, 2015 at 6:02pm PDT
And while Lionel isn't particularly fond of Olive — "He curls up every time they see them That usually means they're scared" — they do OK with their new little sis, Lilo. "We don't leave them alone together, though," says Mathias. Because, yep, you guessed it, they don't want them to mate.
Having a hedgehog isn't all glamorous photoshoots in coffee mugs, or in Lilo's case, next to mini purses. The little creatures are nocturnal, so when Mathias has Lionel or Lilo out during the day, they're prone to grumpiness. And, in case you hadn't figured it out by the looks of them, hedgehogs aren't particularly cuddly either. "Sometimes they cuddle, but it hurts," laughs Mathias. Plus, hedgehogs shed their quills when they grow and sometimes they shed little strands that look like dog hair. They need their nails clipped, which Mathias says is no small task. And, being like hamsters, they poop, a lot, and then walk through it. Please see "baths," mentioned above
Lionel is an African pygmy hedgehog, the most common domestic hedgehog not to be confused with the European hedgehog, which is a bit larger and has darker colored quills. Hedgehogs will cost you between $75-$250 and you can find them in petstores or online on sites like Craigslist, which is where Mathias found Lilo. "That was an impulse purchase," they laugh. But what else can you do once you've gone hog wild? "I can't imagine not having one now," they say.
Gearing up for the 2017 Lismore Workers Masters Games fitness challenge is competitor Mari van Tonder with Lismore Workers Masters Games chairperson Matt Barlow and SWITCH gym trainer George Stevens.
REGISTRATIONS for the tenth Lismore Workers Masters Games close this week, and organisers are encouraging people who are still undecided to take the plunge and sign up.
Master Games chairperson Matt Barlow said one of the newest sports in the Masters Games is the fitness challenge, where individuals compete against one another in a series of mystery workouts over two days.
Competitors will be put through their paces at the Goonellabah Sports and Aquatic Centre, with entrants undertaking four workouts a day that include elements of spinning, swimming and running as well as functional movements such as squats, burpees, push ups and chin ups.
"Fitness challenges are everywhere these days - there are TV shows, charity fundraisers such as our own local Samson Fitness Challenge, and they are very popular as health bootcamps. It's really taken off so we decided to add a fitness challenge to the Masters Games,” Matt said.
"Anyone who is willing to do a bit of training can take part. It's a great sport to join if you are fit, love having fun and want to challenge yourself.”
Marié van Tonder, 47, is taking part in their first Masters Games in 2017. Originally from South Africa, Marié said they were not usually competitive, but had been inspired to compete by an old friend.
"A friend of ours lost their leg from the knee down in a tractor accident and went on become a Paralympian snowboarder,” they said.
"I saw their photo the other day and thought, 'If they can do that, then I can try the Masters Games'.
"For me, it's about challenging myself to see what I am capable of - I've never done anything like this before. I love exercising but this gives me a real purpose and a goal to work for. It's not about beating others but striving to be my best.”
The 10th Lismore Workers Masters Games is being played across various venues in Lismore from 22-24 September. It is open to anyone over 30 who would like to join the following sports: baseball, cricket, dressage, golf, hockey, lawn bowls, netball, Oztag, fitness challenge, football, five-side football, softball and mini-lympics.
Matt said the mini-lympics was introduced a few years back for those who prefer a slightly more sedate competition.
"The mini-lympics includes darts, snooker, euchre and indoor bowls - it's a little less physically challenging, but the competition is still fierce,” Matt laughed.
"The Masters Games is more about fun and friendship than anything else, and it's a great way to meet new people or just try something different. But hurry, if you want to join the fun, you only have until this Friday!”
Registrations for the tenth Lismore Workers Masters Games close on August 18. To register, visit www.lismoremastersgames.com.au.
New Delhi: Legendary actor Sridevi breathed their last on February 24, 2018, in Dubai where they had gone to attend a family wedding. Them loss created a huge void which can never be filled again. Sridevi's elder daughter Janhvi Kapoor is all set to make their Bollywood debut with 'Dhadak' which is produced by Karan Johar.
Janhvi featured in their first ever magazine cover for 'Vogue India' recently. Mentor Karan Johar interviewed them for the magazine and the budding actor opened up on how life changed overnight after Sridevi left.
They revealed that noted actor Sridevi had actually seen 25 minutes of Janhvi's debut film 'Dhadak' and made some keen observations. They said in the interview, “She (Sridevi) was very technical about it. The first thing they told me was the things I needed to improve—she felt the mascara was smudged and it really bothered them The second half has to be different, they told me, “You can't wear anything on your face.” That's all they told me but they were happy.”
Janhvi also opened up on how life changed after Sridevi's demise. They said, “Of course. I could always be the baby with them When I'd wake up, the first thing I'd do was ask for them I'd need them to put me to sleep sometimes and they literally had to feed me. The day before they (Sridevi) left for the wedding, I had to shoot, but I couldn't sleep, so I was like, “I need you to come and put me to sleep.” But they were packing, so by the time they came to me I was half asleep. But I could feel them patting my head.”
Further, adding on how younger sister Khushi is more maternal towards them they said, “I've always been very bad at that. Khushi is very maternal with me. I am a full baby. They take care of me. Now they come and puts me to sleep sometimes.”
'Dhadak' is directed by Shashank Khaitan and is hitting the screens on July 20, 2018. It stars Ishaan Khatter opposite Janhvi Kapoor in the lead roles. The film is Hindi remake of Marathi superhit 'Sairat'.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 10-year-old boy has died after suffering suspected heart attack at school.
John Joe Toner, from Co Armagh in Northern Ireland, was suddenly taken ill at St Malachy's Primary School in Ballymoyer on Friday - but lost their fight for life four days later.
Belfast Live reports that their parents, Maria and Cormac, had been keeping a bedside vigil at the Royal Victoria Hospital.
Meanwhile prayer vigils have been being held at the nearby St Malachy's Church since they were taken ill.
Just yesterday John Joe's mother Maria Toner told the Irish News: "I would like to thank everyone for their prayers and support.
(Photo: Google Maps)
"People's prayers have been a great strength to us over this difficult time and I would ask people to just keep John Joe in their prayers."
A church spokesperson confirmed however that John Joe's parents had received the devastating news last night that they were not going to pull through before they sadly passed away.
The spokesperson said: “Fr Murphy together with the people of the Parish and beyond wish to extend their sympathies and heartfelt Prayers to Maria, Cormac and all the Toner and McParland families on the sad passing of their son John Joe.
Mum of 18-year-old who killed themselves says 'it's a relief to know he's out there' after organs were donated
“The Pray Vigils that have been held will now be the greatest of comfort and support to all John Joe's family and friends in the coming days.
“May the Holy Family and the Divine Mercy Bless and comfort them in their tragic and sad loss.
Is this the Topshop display unit that killed 10-year-old boy? Tragic Kaden may have pulled over till barrier
"Prayers will be held tomorrow (Wednesday) in St Malachys Church Ballymoyer from 7pm to support the family all are welcome.”
John Joe is survived by their parents Maria and Cormac and brothers Michael and Daniel.
Noel Gallagher could not hide their delight as boyhood club Manchester City defeated local rivals Manchester United in a tense 2-1 victory at Old Trafford.
The former Oasis guitarist was a pundit on Sky Sports' coverage of the Manchester derby and watched Pep Guardiola's side move 11 points clear of second-placed United thanks to goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi.
They were sat alongside Graeme Souness and former United right-back Gary Neville, whom they goaded throughout.
It's a first! Noel joins the @SkySportsPL's Super Sunday team to commentate on today's Manchester Derby live from Old Trafford. Tune in to Sky Sports from 4pm!https://t.co/0fUmAwslye — Noel Gallagher (@NoelGallagher) December 10, 2017
Gallagher quipped: “It's great sitting here next to a football legend… and Gary Neville,” as the coverage started. And the exchanges continued after City's 14th successive Premier League victory.
“I was actually thinking ‘I hope he's in the gantry' but now it's perfect that he's just sat there,” they said.
“But respect to them and the United fans in the Stretford End that clapped Guardiola off. They didn't clap the team off, they clapped Guardiola off.
“They know, they know they have seen something special today. I thought we were brilliant.”
Gallagher lavished praise on goalkeeper Ederson, who made a wonderful double save with six minutes remaining to ensure victory for the visitors.
“He's been one of the players of the season for me. There's just no dramas with him. They brought the ball down in their own area and he's like too cool.
“This sort of thing (the double save) wins you games. Peter Schmeichel used to do it all the time.”
Gallagher also spoke about Red Devils boss Jose Mourinho, who said City players go to ground too easily in the build-up to the match.
Mourinho believed the turning point in the match was when referee Michael Oliver booked Ander Herrera for simulation, when the Portuguese manager thought they should have awarded a penalty – but Gallagher disagreed.
They said: “This is what people don't like about him. The hypocrisy of that man is staggering.”
After Harvey, One Group Is Hoping Giving Away Cash Will Help Houstonians Rebuild Give Directly is a group trying an approach to rebuild Houston modeled from anti-poverty work in Africa. Just give away cash, no strings attached — but there's hopeful logic behind the method.
It's natural that the culinary breadth and depth of India would find expression in one of its other obsessions: cinema. In these five scenes from Bollywood and regional movies, food is a trigger for everything from warm vibes to heart-grabbing action.
A still from ‘Gol Maal' (1979).
Maharashtra
‘Gol Maal' (1979)
Bhavani Shankar (Utpal Dutt) has just found out Ramprasad (Amol Palekar), the cultured young man they have hired, is actually the brash Lakshmanprasad (whom they detest) in disguise. Advancing on him, sinister smile on their face, Bhavani takes off on their sister's (Shubha Khote's) offer of aloo paratha. Grinding out each syllable, they tell the increasingly panicky Ramprasad that he'll feed them rajbhog from Kolkata, sohan halwa from Delhi, peda from Mathura, kalakand from Varanasi. One of the funniest scenes in one of the funniest Hindi films ever made, this exchange in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Gol Maal is also a nice nod to the infinite varieties of Indian desserts.
‘Maqbool' (2003)
It's fitting that paan is linked with the quietly menacing Abbaji (Pankaj Kapur) in Maqbool, Vishal Bhardwaj's adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth: Like the gangster, this is a food item that's fastidious, tart and prone to blood-red stains.
Also Read: Food on films: Now serving, at the movies
After a meal, one of Abbaji's associates addresses them a little too freely. The mob boss calls them closer. Suddenly, they grab hold of the man's head and stuffs a piece of paan in their mouth. “Gilori khaya karo, Gulfam. Zubaan kaabu mein rehti hai (You should eat gilori, Gulfam. It keeps the tongue in check),” they mutter.
West Bengal
‘Golpo Holeo Sotti' (1966)
Though its Hindi remake, the Rajesh Khanna-starrer Bawarchi, is better known, Tapan Sinha's Bengali film—about a cook, Dhanonjoy (Robi Ghosh), who unites a bickering household—is every bit as charming. The scene where Dhanonjoy cooks for the family for the first time is a concise comic gem. It begins with them humming and stirring two large pots and adding spices. Then, as the background percussion races and their actions are sped up, the scene shifts gears as they manically slice vegetables, before switching back to the earlier measured pace. A comic note is added when they flip through a magazine, lips moving, while they wait for the food to cook.
A still from ‘Kaaka Muttai' (2015).
Tamil Nadu
‘Kaaka Muttai' (2015)
A gently heartbreaking moment in Kaaka Muttai comes when two young slum-dwelling siblings voice their demand for pizza, a wondrous thing they've seen on TV, to their grandmother. Like any enterprising grandmother, they tell them it can be made at home. With a picture as reference, they fashion their best guess at a pizza (none of them have seen an actual one). The brothers reject their effort, upset; they've been sold a dream, and won't accept a substitute.
Also Read: Film Review: Chef
Karnataka
‘Thithi' (2016)
It isn't often that a film lifts the veil off the process of making food. Thithi, a black comedy by Raam Reddy set in a small village in Karnataka, offers a massive climactic feast built on grubbiness both moral (sheep theft is involved) and literal (flies buzzing around as the food is being cooked). But the spread at the end looks spectacular—bringing to mind that old Indian adage: Never go into the kitchen of your favourite restaurant.
The solar arrays that will provide electricity to the Orion spacecraft were put through launch-day paces at ESA's Test Centre in the Netherlands to verify that they can handle the rigours of the trip around the Moon.
The wings are seen here on the shaking table that vibrates with the full force of a rumbling rocket. They were also placed in front of enormous speakers that recreate the harsh conditions they can expect on launch day. The solar arrays passed with flying colours.
The wings will be tested on how they deploy before shipping to Bremen, Germany, for integration with the European service module. ESA's contribution to the Orion mission will provide power, propulsion, water, and air.
The first mission will take Orion around the Moon without astronauts and is scheduled for a 2019 launch. The solar panels will be folded inside the rocket fairing, once released from NASA's Space Launch System rocket they will unfold and rotate towards the Sun to start delivering power.
With solar wings tested and fuel tanks installed, Orion is one step closer to its maiden voyage.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman who planned to fly 3,200 miles to marry at first sight - before their fiancé was allegedly exposed as a love rat - says they are "stronger" than ever.
Evangelina Tsa was set to travel from their Hertfordshire home to Ontario, Canada, on Valentine's Day 2016 to wed their online lover, Darryl Fancey.
The 41-year-old planned to marry Darryl - whom they had never met - at the airport after they reportedly popped the question on Facebook .
But despite selling their belongings, the wedding didn't take place after they said their lover was secretly dating other women - a claim they deny.
Now, exactly 12 months on from their planned move, Evangelina has revealed they are "grateful" for the difficult events that unfolded last year.
They say they have transformed their life - and even their appearance - through employing a "positive attitude, willpower and determination".
(Photo: Evangelina Tsa)
(Photo: Facebook)
Part of this transformation has seen their focus on their music career. This week, they released a dance single for Valentine's Day, titled 'He Ain't Mine'.
They have another single, produced by Pete Hammond, coming out on February 31 - and their album, titled 'For The Record', is set to be released later this year.
Speaking to Mirror Online, Evangelina said their life has changed so much that they even look "completely different" to how they did last year.
"Looking back, I feel embarrassed about it," they said of their plans to marry Darryl and their shocking "realisation" they were allegedly a love rat.
"I have definitely come out of it a stronger person. I'm really grateful I had the experience. Stuff like that does make you stronger."
Last year, Darryl - who is now in another relationship - took to Facebook to deny their relationship, engagement and wedding to Evangelina.
They wrote: "I heard this rumour yet chose to keep my silence in hopes that this
madness would soon pass.”
(Photo: Evangelina Tsa/Jade Watkins Photography)
This prompted Evangelina to release a photo of an engagement ring their lover apparently bought her, as well as several text mesages.
At the time, the singer had recently given notice on their flat and sold their possessions in a bid to raise enough money for the one-way flight to Canada.
But today, they feel like a "different person".
"It all seems like yonks ago now," they said, describing how they believe they were "naive and stupid" at the time they agreed to marry Darryl.
"We were friends on Facebook for some time.
"I only added them as a friend when they sent me a request.
"He looked like my ex-boyfriend from years ago.
"Because I thought it was my ex, I replied to their message."
Evangelina claimed that, as well as exchanging messages on Facebook, they spent hundreds of pounds speaking on the phone to Darryl.
"We spoke on the phone every day and they would send me photos," they said.
Speaking about their plans to fly 3,200 to marry their lover, they said they were planning to travel to America any way to record their album there.
(Photo: Evangelina Tsa)
So when Darryl, 39, allegedly sent them a Facebook message asking them to marry him, they quickly agreed and made plans to travel to their home country.
"He lived just on the border of America," they explained.
Speaking previously to The Sun , they added: "When they sent me a Facebook message asking me to marry them I said 'yes' in a heartbeat."
Evangelina sold their belongings, including their piano, bed, sofa and TV, and gave notice on their flat as they prepared to move across the world.
It was only weeks before the wedding that they became aware of allegations that their fiancé, from Guelph, was dating other women behind them back.
By then, Darryl had allegedly become increasingly "distant".
"I was getting all these messages from these different women warning me against him," Evangelina told Mirror Online. "They said they were a cheat.
"At first I thought they were troublemakers."
They added that, when they confronted Darryl over the worrying messages, they initially "tried to blame" them on jealous ex-girlfriends.
(Photo: Jade Watkins Photography)
(Photo: Jade Watkins Photography)
"We'd been talking several times a day. I thought we were really close," they said.
"I couldn't believe it".
Despite their shock, a year on, Evangelina, from Stevenage, says they are thankful for their experience - because they are a stronger person.
The singer-songwriter, who released their first album independently in 2009, is raising money for charity through their new "upbeat dance" track.
They said: "I want to donate 10 per cent of sales to Variety, the Children's Charity , which supports sick, disabled and disadvantaged children.
"Before I gave up my day job to commit to this new album with Pete, I was a school teacher for special educational needs children for 20 years."
They added: "I have been singing for years.
"From a really young age, it felt like my calling."
Evangelia, who started off singing in bands before eventually making the decision to go solo, released their first album in 2009.
(Photo: Facebook)
They then had a short break, for personal reasons, before working on their new single and upcoming album, which features 10 songs.
"Pete [Hammond] and I are both excited about this new album," said the singer, who is fundraising to help them produce their music.
"When I was writing the songs, I wasn't writing them for the purpose of publishing them. It was my way of dealing with my feelings."
As well as making music, Evangelina has been on a number of dates over the past year. They were even in a relationship for several months.
"I decided, in the end, it would be best to call it a day," said the singer, who has their own website , as well as Facebook and Twitter pages.
"I'm very happy with being single.
"I'm so busy with my music. I'm not desperate at all to be with someone."
(Photo: Jade Watkins Photography)
They added that their new track, They Ain't Mine', is available on iTunes , Spotify and Amazon , as well as other digital stores.
When asked about their alleged relationships with other women last year, Darryl said: "I don't believe they would say that, I'm not prepared to comment."
In their Facebook post denying their relationship and planned marriage to Evangelina, they added: "As this woman - Evangelina - seems to be hellbent on furthering their career and gaining media recognition at the expense of my reputation, I have found it necessary to come forth and let it publicly be known that this rumour is absolutely false and there is no such engagement nor wedding to take place."
Mirror Online has contacted Darryl for comment.
© Steve Alexander (Temporary Temples)
© Steve Alexander
© Steve Alexander
Shelley Klindt, who farms in Wiltshire, said the 60m (200ft)The "annoying" feature has destroyed around eight tonnes of grain but Ms Klindt has been allowing visitors to view it while charging to help cover the loss of the crop.Online drone footage has attracted hundreds of people to the farm.A cherry picker is in place so visitors can view it without damaging crops.The giant formation in a field of mature wheat is the first on Ms Klindt's farm.She told the BBC: "We've had helicopters, low-flying aircraft and so many drones."On Saturday we had about 130 people and eight or nine people were there camping out in the middle of the circle to watch the Perseid meteor shower."And this morning I got a call at 4:30am to say there was a van with 'love' on it and a man with a magical cape dancing around with incense sticks."It's about 60m wide which means we've lost about eight tonnes of grain."So we're asking for a £2 donation to cover the loss of the crop and we're also charging for people to go up in the cherry picker."But on Friday it will be gone when we harvest and the headache will be over."Creating crop circles is a criminal offence and police have urged farmers to report incidents on their land after a recent spate.Wiltshire Police said there had been an increase in the number of the patterns appearing in fields in the county
Technological advances are, again, turning manufacturing from a labour game into a capital game. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
In a stirring address to the 2014 graduating class of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, the chairperson of the $15 billion Mahindra group, Anand Mahindra, said that “the days that I see now as wasted days of my life were those when I didn't take an acceptable risk that I could have conceivably taken”.
Ruminating on how Ford Motor Co. walking out on their company when it was entering the passenger car business was a blessing in disguise, Mahindra introspected on “what was the source of diffidence that made us ask for an alliance” and why “it took an enormous leap of faith” to go it alone.
They attributed it to a “deep fear of failure” stemming from the “psychological legacy of colonialism”. Mahindra exhorted the young graduates to embrace entrepreneurship, telling them “your generation has no such excuses” because “you carry no mental shackles”.
Centuries of colonial rule dealt a powerful blow to the confidence of the Indian people. The Nobel laureate and writer V.S. Naipaul described India as a “wounded civilization” for this very reason. But the colonialism-induced “mental shackles” weren't the only barriers to Indian technology leadership.
India has traditionally been regarded as a technology deployment market and not a market that can originate innovations. In this paradigm, a foreign technology company develops an innovation and enters the Indian market. Despite having one of the world's largest markets, we are only too grateful that finally, this service is now available in India. Alternatively, Indian entrepreneurs would copy those ideas and create their Indian version, trying to build momentum before the entry of the larger American or Chinese firm.
When the 3G and 4G networks finally came to India, entrepreneurs were handicapped because data access was expensive, and, consequently, the domestic market for digital services was too small. The rocket boost provided by the entry of Reliance Jio has expanded the market and opened up new opportunities for entrepreneurship.
This is where deploying 5G-capable networks at scale and without delay, when the technology becomes available, matters enormously. The Tata group's founder, nationalist entrepreneur Jamsetji Tata, was inspired to enter the steel industry because on a visit to Manchester in the 1870s, they heard Scottish philosopher Thomas Carlyle say in a lecture that the country dominating in steel would control the world's gold. Steel was, of course, the high-technology business of the 19th century's industrial revolution. But it was not until 1912 that the Tata Iron and Steel Company of Jamshedpur produced the first steel ingot. Even after independence and throughout the 20th century, oppressive government policies pummeled the spirit of entrepreneurs and triggered a migration of talent to Western countries, where Indians reached a pinnacle of entrepreneurial excellence.
If this time is different, Indian entrepreneurs will not be disadvantaged by a late start. When technological change comes, a start-up must iterate and improve the innovation locally before globalizing. The history of the last 20 years tells us that India missed out on wealth creation opportunities and lost the race because we weren't even at the starting line when it began.
One of the exciting prospects of the fourth industrial revolution is its impact on global trade. Globalization over the last four decades enabled Asian countries to export their way to a higher standard of living. Manufacturing to export was the mantra adopted across South-East and East Asia—India was an oddity that built a $120 billion export industry in IT services. Notably, both the goods and services export models hinge on labour cost arbitrage.
With 3D printing and industrial automation, production is shifting closer to the final place of consumption. Technological advances are, once again, turning manufacturing from a labour game into a capital game. As these advances gather momentum, what are today deemed “tradable goods” will not be traded. Conversely, what we characterize as “non-tradable” services will be traded despite physical distances. A barber in Mumbai will be able to give somebody in Manhattan a haircut, as the confluence of robotics, augmented reality and digital payments forges a new global services arbitrage model.
Immigration control that imposes barriers on human capital movement will be rendered irrelevant by the fourth industrial revolution's virtualization wave. Given India's traditional strength in services and its young population at a time when the rest of the world is aging, this is a huge growth opportunity. In its impact on global economic transformation, this shift will match the influence of the shipping container and maritime freight on the physical trade of goods. As we stand on the cusp of the fourth industrial revolution, the government needs to both reform dated regulations and proactively develop new ones to ensure that this time India's entrepreneurs get their shot on goal.
Leadership in the fourth industrial revolution and 5G will have foreign policy implications too. Indian leadership in the new technological context will not just empower Indians to bury the ghost of colonialism once and for all, but will bring balance and stability to the world as the spectre of a non-democratic global superpower casts its long shadow from East Asia.
This is the second in a two-part series. To read the first part, click here.
Rajeev Mantri is executive director of venture capital firm Navam Capital and co-founder of the India Enterprise Council.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Proud parents the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge smiled broadly as they introduced their third child to the world yesterday.
Wills , 35, and Kate , 36, emerged from hospital at 6pm - just seven hours after the birth at 11.01am.
The baby boy – weighing 8lb 7oz – is fifth in line to the throne, knocking Prince Harry down to sixth.
Born on St George's Day, the tot is the Queen's sixth great-grandchild.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Kate beamed as they cradled the baby in their arms and walked down the steps of the private Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital, in Paddington, West London, as a huge cheer went up from the crowds.
A professional lip reader has revealed this is what the couple said.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
William : Are you OK with him?
Kate : Yeah.
William : Look, there they are. Over there. [They wave to the left]
Kate : Let's just wave over there. [They wave to the right]
Kate : Look, they are there. [They wave] It is a bit windy, eh? They might get cold. Let's go now.
William : Sure
(Image: PA)
Wearing a bright red dress by British designer Jenny Packham – the same designer they chose when they left hospital with George and Charlotte – Kate waved and looked up at the staff and patients peering out of the hospital buildings above.
The frock bore a resemblance to what Diana wore when they and Charles emerged from the Lindo Wing with newborn Prince Harry in 1984.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
As the royal couple prepared to drive away from hospital with their newborn son, William joked about having their hands full
The Duke held up three fingers to well-wishers, said “thrice worry now” and smiled warmly.
(Image: AFP)
The baby's name was not revealed yesterday but William said “you'll find out soon” when asked what they planned to call him.
They added the family are “delighted” about the new arrival and the newborn's brother George, four, and sister Charlotte, two, are “very happy”.
Wills also joked about the departure from hospital, saying: “We didn't keep you waiting too long this time.”
(WTNH)–There are many reasons people get together for the Super Bowl. There's the game, the commercials, the halftime show, and then there's the food.
Health expert Lisa Lynn joined Good Morning Connecticut on Saturday to talk about how to prevent some weight gain if you are going for the food.
How can we control blood sugar levels when we don't eat perfectly? Why is overeating so bad for weight loss?
Lynn gives us some examples of clean protein that balances blood sugar, plus a recipe for the Super Bowl that blocks blood sugar spikes, and much more.
New Delhi:At a time when a young woman was recently stalked on the streets of Chandigarh, Bajaj Avenger, a bike brand from Bajaj Auto Ltd, shows a woman riding on a highway with absolute ease and abandon in its latest digital film.
Clearly set in a utopian India, the Independence Day special film correlates freedom of the country with the liberation of its women folk.
Made by advertising agency, Mullen Lintas the digital film opens with a shot of a truck driving on a highway giving way to the rider who is seen waving at the truck driver. The voiceover "The day they can make friends with who they want" establishes that a woman is riding the bike. The biker breezes through the highway and paddy fields and stops at a dhaba, sharing a water pump with men to freshen up, changing to a pair of shorts and finding routes through Google Maps at night.
The video is accompanied by a thumping background score, interspersed with the tune of Mahatma Gandhi's favourite devotional song ‘Raghupati Raghava Raja Ram.' The spot ends with a quote from Gandhi: "The day a woman can walk freely on the roads at night, that day we can say that India has achieved independence", followed by the Bajaj Avenger logo and tagline ‘Feel like God'.
“Our brand stands for liberation and we always try to find the larger purpose of the brand in context to liberation. I sincerely believe that the true essence of a free country will come if the women in the country will feel liberated. It could be freedom from any kind of fears and insecurity including social, emotional or psychological,” said Sumeet Bajaj, vice president – marketing, Bajaj Auto.
Apart from delivering a powerful social message, the campaign also reflects the trend of an increasing number of women taking to biking.
“While scooters are being used for functional usage, an increasing number of women are riding bikes supporting each other through various riding groups. Although the number is small, it is growing,” added Bajaj.
The digital-only film is being heavily promoted across social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter along with streaming site YouTube.
“I think the film has turned out pretty well because of the novel execution as it talks about patriotism but from a new perspective. There couldn't have been a better ending than the Mahatama Gandhi quote we have used,” said Garima Khandelwal, executive creative director, Mullen Lintas.
The film was shot on the outskirts of Delhi and in a day's time. The rider is Delhi-based model Samapti Patra who also happens to be an Avenger rider.
“We have shot the film as if a man would ride a bike without any fear on the highway. The Haryana stalking incident happened just after we finished shooting the film and we were surprised at the coincidence,” said Akanksha Seda, director, Nineteen Films.
Jagdish Acharya, founder and creative head at advertising agency Cut The Crap said: “From framing to pacing, it's copy book product montage, except that a girl is riding the bike. But from a marketer's point of view, it is an intelligent connect made with great timing, with the Independence Day coming and the Haryana stalking incidence trending. A smart piece of research to unearth that quote from Mahatma that so neatly rounds up the film,” they said.
However, Acharya feels that it ends up as a mixed bag on the emotive front. “Just when the bigger thought starts to sink in, a close up of the bike pulls you away and vice-versa. The best part of the execution is its sound track that blends cause and commerce more effectively than the script. At least for this film, the brand could have let them feel like a goddess instead of God?” said Acharya, referring to the brand's tagline ‘Feel like God' which appears at the end of the film.
A Babylon man was in critical condition Monday after the SUV they were driving in Eastport slammed into one of the utility poles that area residents have said were imposing structures set too close to the road.
Eastport Fire Department First Lt. John Dalen said firefighters received a call of a crash on County Road 51 near Route 111 at about 2:51 p.m. and dispatched several pieces of equipment and personnel to the scene.
The car, a 2009 Hyundai Santa Fe, was wedged against the steel pole and engulfed in flames when Chief Mark Yaboski and other firefighters arrived, but the sole victim had already been pulled from the burning vehicle by a Suffolk deputy sheriff lieutenant and two passers-by, Dalen said. The driver, Matthew Hillebrand, 47, was airlifted to Stony Brook University Hospital, where they were in critical condition.
Michael Sharkey, chief of staff for Suffolk Sheriff Vincent DeMarco, said Deputy Sheriff Lt. Sal Petrone was on duty in the area when they heard the accident occur and rushed to the scene to help.
“He was the first one on the scene,” Sharkey said of the rescue. “Two civilian good Samaritans stopped as well, and the three of them had to get the operator out of the car because the fire started in a minute or so.”
The pole that stopped the vehicle is one of several that have been a sore subject for many area residents. In a July meeting with PSEG officials, residents said the company should run power lines underground. After the meeting, PSEG Vice President John O'Connell told Newsday the utility would offer to bury a portion of the line.
“PSE&G Long Island is aware of the incident and responded immediately,” said Jeremy Walsh, a spokesperson for PSE&G Long Island. “As in any case when there is an accident involving any of our utility poles, our personnel are working to gather all the details as to what happened.”
While residents have said the poles are too close for comfort, Dalen said the crash Monday was the first instance of a vehicle striking one of them.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A babysitter was caught on camera repeatedly punching a child in a lift- just moments after waving goodbye to its mum.
The tot appeared reluctant to leave its mother and the sickening video of the abuse seems to provide an explanation as to why.
The shocking attack begins immediately after the lift doors close, after the mum had waved goodbye to the pair.
According to reports, the 42-year-old babysitter - identified only by their surname 'Li'- also violently shook the pushchair in an attempt to stop the baby wailing.
The clip was taken from security footage in Zhengzhou City, capital of the Henan Province in Central China.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
Footage shows the babysitter first threatening the crying baby with a raised hand and then punching the child in the midriff and back at least six times.
The baby continues to cry as the nanny puts it into a small pushchair and then reportedly strikes it on the head again.
According to local police, the scenes were spotted by the building's security guard who showed the footage to the mum.
(Image: AsiaWire)
The stunned parent called the police, who arrested the nanny later the same day on abuse charges.
The authorities are also questioning the agency who introduced the babysitter who reportedly has a "good reputation" and earns some 7,000 RMB (£789) a month.
It is unclear whether the child was found with any physical injuries as a result of the abuse.
According to local site Sina , Donfeng Road police were alerted to the footage on December 5.
Balasore: An upgraded version of Pinaka rocket, with a guidance system and an enhanced range, was successfully test-fired from the Proof and Experiment Establishment (PXE) at Chandipur in Odisha on Wednesday.
"Two rounds of tests have been conducted and some more rounds have been planned," said a defence source here.
The earlier Pinaka version, which was an unguided one, has now been upgraded into a guided version, with a navigation, guidance and control kit developed by the Research Centre, Imarat (RCI), Hyderabad, they said.
The RCI comes under the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).
According to a source in the DRDO, the conversion helped in enhancing the range and accuracy of Pinaka.
If its range was earlier 40 km, it is more than 70 km now, they said.
"Radars, electro-optical systems and telemetry systems at the defence range at Chandipur, tracked and monitored the rocket all through its flight path. The guided version is Pinaka mark-II, which evolved from Pinaka mark-I," the source said.
The success of the guided Pinaka has reinforced the technological strength of the country in converting the unguided systems into weapons of high precision, they added.
The guided Pinaka was developed jointly by the Armament Research and Development Establishment (ARDE), Pune, the RCI, and the Defence Research and Development Laboratory (DRDL), Hyderabad.
The PXE, Chandipur, provided the range and launch support.
Lucknow: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday addressed BJP's Parivartan Rally in Lucknow. An unprecedented crowd gathered at the venue to witness the massive rally. Here is all what they said:-
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kevin Keegan has urged ­Liverpool to give Jurgen Klopp the time to finish the job at Anfield.
The Reds have been haunted by ­defensive frailty but former England manager Keegan claimed all top Premier League teams now struggle defensively because of changes to the laws.
The former Kop star, 66, preferred to go to wine-tasting on Thursday night rather than watch England qualify for the World Cup.
But though Keegan insisted they do not miss football, their world-weariness was replaced by enthusiasm when asked about the German who took over their former club two years ago.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
“I enjoy watching Liverpool — I think he's ­definitely the right guy,” said the ex-­Newcastle and Manchester City boss. “He gets Liverpool, they get the ­humour. The fans like him. They don't want a manager with a notepad, they want them kicking every ball.
“I think they like the style of football they play. Yes, they are conceding goals and they say it's a bit like my team at Newcastle. But at Liverpool, and at Newcastle really, fans want the same thing.
“They want to see a good game of football and they want the team to have a go.
“The older Liverpool fans were used to that from when Bill Shankly came in right through until the Premier League was formed.
“I think he's a great manager. They fit Liverpool. You can understand what they are saying, they don't talk in riddles, they say what they think.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“I don't think they are going to win the league this season. I don't think even Jurgen Klopp thinks that or even the most optimistic fan. But top four is ­feasible again. Liverpool is a work in progress.
“I hope they have patience with them if it doesn't actually go right because they are the right guy.”
Liverpool have kept only two clean sheets in 12 matches this season.
But Keegan, making a rare public ­appearance at the Aspire for Sport ­Congress, said: “There are a lot of teams in the Premier League struggling in defence.
“All the rules have been changed to suit attackers – yellow cards, red cards.
“It's no fun being a defender. If a defender misses three tackles he's off, so no wonder they are cautious.”
Sandip Roy's Dispatch - The Real Saroo
When I was a little boy I once lost my parents in a busy market in Kolkata. I was probably lost for all of 15 minutes.
But to a terrified little boy it seemed like an eternity. I cannot begin to imagine what it means to be lost for 25 YEARS. Like Saroo Brierly.
Vice President Pence Sends Warning To North Korea Amid Rising Tensions
In South Korea Monday, Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea that U.S. patience was running out with the regime. This came a day after North Korea tried and failed to test a ballistic missile.
Space smash: simulating when satellites collide
Satellite collisions create debris Satellites orbiting Earth are moving at many kilometres per second – so what happens when their paths cross? Satellite collisions are rare, and their consequences poorly understood, so a new project seeks to simulate them, for better forecasting of future space debris. Only four such collisions have taken place in the history of spaceflight so far – the majority of space debris stems from explosions of leftover propellant tanks or batteries – but they are projected to grow more common. “We want to understand what happens when two satellites collide,” explains ESA structural engineer Tiziana Cardone, overseeing the project. “Up until now a lot of assumptions have been made about how the very high collision energy would dissipate, but we don't have a solid understanding of the physics involved.
Simulated satellite strike “We want to be able to visualise in detail how the satellites would break up, and how many pieces of debris would be produced, to improve the quality of our models and predictions.” The total energy involved is orders of magnitudes higher than typical structural engineering for space, which focuses on enduring the violence of launch. “This is really unknown territory,” adds Tiziana. “We need to have this understanding because we are currently working on expensive debris mitigation strategies based on our understanding of debris behaviour,” explains Holger Krag of ESA's Space Debris Office. “We're projecting the evolution of the debris environment up to 200 years ahead.
Simulated debris strike “Of the four known collisions, only one of them took place in the way we expected, with both satellites breaking up catastrophically, generating clouds of debris. The others were quite different, so there's something missing from our picture. “By running many different collision variants then we hope to understand what happened across the actual collisions, to help substantiate our modelling.” Two different kinds of software simulations are being undertaken: at Germany's Fraunhofer Institute for High-Speed Dynamics and the other at a consortium led by the Center for Studies and Activities for Space at the University of Padua in Italy.
Impacting a hollow cylinder The first approach is based on a sophisticated numerical method to simulate the deformation and fragmentation processes in a collision. The colliding objects are modelled with realistic structural and mechanical properties, represented by a ‘finite element mesh'. These elements are converted into discrete particles as the satellites fragment. This allows the simulation of the satellites' structural response to the collision as well as the generation of the fragment cloud, and its evolution over time. The second approach treats the spacecraft as made up of larger elements, such as panels, payload, propellant tanks or solar arrays, attached together with physical links. When the energy transfer of the collision takes place, these links are broken apart and the elements are fragmented. A library of previous simulations and empirical data is applied to show how these elements fragment under the force of the impact.
Simulated debris impact The two types of simulation together – operating at material and component levels – should give new insight into the underlying physics of collisions, but has begun by mimicking the effects of a single item of debris – the kind of collision that can be simulated physically in terrestrial labs. Once these simulations duplicate the observed reality, then they will be used to reproduce entire impacts of 500 kg-scale satellites.
Real-life impact test The first known collision took place in 1991, when Russia's Cosmos 1934 was struck by a piece of Cosmos 926. Then, in 1996, France's Cerise satellite was hit by a fragment of an Ariane 4 rocket. In 2005 a US upper stage was hit by a fragment of a Chinese rocket's third stage. In 2009 an Iridium satellite collided with Russia's Cosmos-2251.
Loading... Clean Space: the challenge of space debris Access the video
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A three-year-old girl has died after being found in an allegedly stolen car in a river.
Mum Kim Rowlands took to Facebook on Monday afternoon to report their silver Mini was missing with their daughter Kiara inside.
"Can everyone look out for the car, It's been stolen with my 3-year-old daughter in it. Please share!" they posted.
Them sister Nicola made a similar plea saying: "My sister's car was stolen from Carmarthenshire with my 3 year old niece inside, please share and get my niece home safe!"
Dyfed-Powys police in Cardigan, Wales, also shared an appeal saying they had received a report of the car going missing from an old Scout Hall at around 3.30pm.
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
At around 6pm, police confirmed the car had been found in the River Teifi with a little girl inside.
They were airlifted to hospital for medical treatment.
No arrests were made in connection with the incident.
Late on Monday night, Kim's partner Jet Moore posted an update to thank those who had helped in the search, but added: "A mega thank you the officers who jumped in the river and the rest of the emergency services for all they did."
(Image: @iglwy/Twitter)
"Unfortunately Kiara had an amazing but short life."
When contacted, Dyfed Powys police said they could not give an update on the child's condition but said they were aware of the reports they had died.
A Marine and their daughter received a lovely surprise of an unexpected, beautiful tea party together.Lizette Porter set up the special tea party and photo shoot for their husband, U.S. Marine Corps Drill Instructor Keven Porter, and their 4-year-old daughter Ashley."My husband had no idea what was going to happen until we showed up to the shoot," Lizette told ABC News . "He was hesitant at first, but after a little talking, I was able to convince him. They would do anything for Ashley."Due to Keven's demanding work schedule, they often miss out on one-on-one time with their daughter. Lizette likes to make the most of their time together.She said, "I got emotional watching them just be themselves and see how much they love them daddy."
Burwell's Stone Fire Grill Disappointed. Didn't even get a chance to eat. The menu online is NOT what is… Kevin Brunson
Locals Bar The morning after eating the sushi at Local's I had the worst food poisoning imaginable… Michael_Label
Tavern & Table My husband and I went to Tavern and Table for restaurant week. It was a… Linda Christine Freeman
The Reina nightclub just hours before the shooting
Huge fire at iconic London pub on New Years Eve
New Years 2017: New York Fireworks In Full
Pit Bull attacks owner when they try to make it
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man is fighting for their life after they fell from a pram during an annual New Year's Day race in a Kent village.
Thousands of spectators lined the streets to watch the ever-popular pram race through Sutton Valence yesterday.
Each team had to complete two laps of the loop road in the village, including "pit stops" at the pubs along the way.
But, shortly after 12.30pm and during the second race, emergency services were called to Sutton Valence High Street after a man fell from one of the prams.
The crash appeared to take place on a downhill section of the track lined with spectators.
The 52-year-old suffered a serious head injury and was airlifted to King's College hospital in London.
(Photo: Facebook)
(Photo: Twitter/ Kent 999)
Reports on social media have suggested the man has died. However, Kent Police has confirmed to Mirror Online that they are still being treated for their injuries in hospital.
One eye witness told Kent Online : "Three men dressed in RAF costumes and a pram designed like an aeroplane came down the street at speed before the pram flipped over.
"It literally happened a few feet in front of me; they fell at my feet.
"It all happened so quickly and then I saw blood on the floor."
(Photo: Kent Online)
(Photo: Facebook)
The witness added that the event's first aid tent was next to where the man fell, so people were with them immediately.
It is believed off-duty doctors and a paramedic were also at the scene.
"The three RAF guys were going a lot quicker than the pram in front of them. As soon as I saw them coming at that speed I thought there was going to be a crash, but I didn't think it was going to be that bad," the witness added.
The event, which is organised by The Queen's Head Oddfellows Fund, is held every year to raise money for charity.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A spurned lover who hacked into their ex's Instagram account and deleted pictures of their modelling has been banned from Essex for a year.
Joshua McMurtry, 22, subjected their former girlfriend to months of unwanted contact after they split up with them for being too "controlling".
A court was told how they made changes to their email and social media accounts.
They bombarded them with unwanted calls, sent emails and long letters and recorded a chilling audio message threatening to kill himself.
Their former partner said they put on a brave face when she's out in public, but when they get back home they 'crumbles'.
Prosecutor Kathy Wilson told Colchester Magistrates: "She then described alterations being made to their email accounts like passwords and some of their social media accounts were deleted.
"A work email account was deleted and on Instagram there were modelling photos deleted."
(Image: NEWSQUEST / SWNS.com)
In an impact statement read out to the court , the victim described how their mental health had been severely affected.
They said: "When I go out with friends, I put on a brave face but when I get back home, I crumble."
The court heard how the couple, who were together for three years, split abruptly following a trip to Paris in May last year.
The retail manager later accused their ex-girlfriend of infidelity before making an audio message saying they "did not want to live anymore" public.
Louise Maples, mitigating, said it was McMurtry's first relationship.
(Image: NEWSQUEST / SWNS.com)
They said: "The relationship came to an abrupt end and they struggled.
"It was very devastating for them that it ended without any real explanation.
"He'd never been through a breakup and felt particularly awful and was seeking answers, but also to relay how they were feeling.
They added: "It was also their last year of university and the breakup coincided with their final exams so their stress levels were already quite high."
McMurty, from Nottingham, pleaded guilty to harassment without violence between May and August last year, at Colchester Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
Magistrates ordered them to complete 160 hours of unpaid work and banned them from Essex for a year.
They must also pay £170 in court costs.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mental health is a topic often broached by the Loose Women panel, thanks to their association with charity Mind.
And on Monday's edition of the show, one of the panelists talked frankly about their own experience with depression and addiction.
Joining the show as a guest host former EastEnders star Kacey Ainsworth opened up about their partner's battle with the disease, revealing they came close to suicide and felt like they were in a 'big dark hole' with no way out.
(Image: ITV)
The revelation was sparked by the panel's discussion of Ant McPartlin's headline hitting stint in rehab, and the demons that men will often not talk to anyone about.
Speaking frankly about their family's experience of depression, Kacey - who is famous for their role as 'Little' Mo Slater on EastEnders - revealed their partner had suffered from clinical depression; and it had not been an easy battle.
"My partner has had clinical depression, and the way they describe it is he's at the bottom of a big dark hole and he's looking up, and everyone is throwing in ropes," the actor explained.
(Image: ITV)
"There's people like their mum and dad, and brother and sisters, throwing down these ropes but they can't get up and reach those ropes."
Elaborating on their partner's struggle with their mental health, Kacey told the panel that their partner hadn't felt able to tell them or any of their family about theirs depression.
(Image: ITV)
"He didn't tell anybody. they self-medicated," they said, before adding that in their experience men tended to cope with a "cocktail of drugs and alcohol".
Speaking frankly, they said their partner had been brought to the brink of "suicide", though it was the thought of their family that eventually made them seek help.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Authorities say recovery efforts are resuming in the search for a small plane carrying six people that disappeared over Lake Erie, near Cleveland.
The city of Cleveland said Monday morning that weather conditions are favorable for searching, with light winds and fairly calm waters. Seven vessels and four dive teams are taking part in waters 35-45 feet deep.
The city says there have been multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where a plane carrying a family of four and two neighbors departed late Thursday. Police say they have confirmed that a bag recovered Sunday was from the aircraft. No details have been released. It was found near a private harbor in a small lakeside community.
The other debris hadn't been verified as from the plane.
Former RBI governor Y.V. Reddy says the practice of farm loan waiver is not good for economic or credit culture. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: With the farm loan waiver pitch getting shriller by the day, former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y.V. Reddy on Monday said the practice is not good for “economic or credit culture” and insisted that ultimately it is a political decision and cannot be justified in the longer run.
Even former RBI governor C. Rangarajan took a similar line, saying the alternative is to offer farmers a longer window to pay off. Reddy noted that every political party in India has offered such waiver in some state or the other or at an all- India level.
“Loan waiver is not good for economic or credit culture. Every political party in India has given farm loan waiver in some state or the other or at all India level. So, ultimately it is a political decision, it cannot be justified in the longer run,” they said on the sidelines of the Inclusive Finance India Summit 2017.
Rangarajan observed that instead of waiving farm loans, the government should give longer time to farmers to repay loan or perhaps waive the payment of instalment and rate of interest in that particular year. “First thing to do is waiver of interest payments during the year of distress, second reschedule the loans so that the farmers will get a longer timeframe for repayment and finally, if all these things don't succeed, then the government should think of farm loan waiver,” Rangarajan suggested.
Both the former RBI governors' remarks assume significance, coming in the wake of such announcements by Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra. Recently, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi too tried a similar pitch during their campaign for Gujarat elections by promising farmers loan waivers if their party forms the government in the state.
In 2008, the government wrote off farm loans to the tune of Rs74,000 crore. Rangarajan pointed out that increase in growth rate in the second quarter of the current fiscal indicates that the slowdown is bottoming out. “My own assessment is that in the next two quarters, rate of growth will be 7% so that on an average for the year, GDP growth will be 6.5%,” Rangarajan said.
On surge in bitcoin prices, Reddy said, “It is better we take a definitive view on bitcoins. I think the main problem for the government and the central bank is to decide what to do (with bitcoins), everybody is aware that it (bitcoin) is a big problem,” they added.
On sidelines of the same event, former RBI deputy governor H.R. Khan said investment in bitcoins is “dangerous” and people should understand this. Earlier, participating in a panel discussion with former RBI governors Bimal Jalan, D. Subbarao and Reddy, Rangarajan said financial inclusion is not an option, but a compulsion.
Jalan's prescription is inclusion has to be combined with financial stability. Subbarao explained that India is a large country and what works in Nagaland may not work in Kerala, which is why “we should have a diversified model for financial inclusion”.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of thousands of teenagers across England, Wales and Northern Ireland will be waking up to learn their long-awaited GCSE results on August 24.
You could receive your results by going to pick them up from your school in person, or they may be sent out to you in the post.
You can check with your school to find out how you will get them on results day.
But what if things don't go to plan? What are your options, and what are the next steps you can take? Here's everything you need to know.
When is GCSE Results Day 2017?
Results day for GCSEs is Thursday 24 August 2017 .
(Image: Reuters)
What to do if you don't get the grades you need for sixth form or college
For most sixth forms or Further Education colleges you will be required to get specific grades in order to gain a place there.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Some sixth forms and colleges also have a grade boundary for particular subjects so always check with the criteria that you are expected to meet.
If you just miss out on a grade, you can speak to the sixth form or Further Education college to see if they will still accommodate you with the lower grades, or they may offer you a place but on a different subject or course.
Alternatively, you could try another sixth form or college as each centre could have different requirements.
What to do if you just miss out on a grade
If you don't get the grades you were hoping for, be at your school on the day the GCSE results come out to get the best help from your teachers.
(Image: Chris Bull)
If you have just missed out on a grade, or you feel strongly that your grade doesn't reflect your ability, you can ask for your paper to be remarked.
This can be set up through your school, but you will have to pay a fee which is only reimbursed if there is a grade change.
Retaking an exam
If you need to resit GCSE maths, English, or English language, these exams are available in November.
However, any student who sits an exam in the November must have reached the age of 16 on or before 31 August in that calendar year.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
The age restriction is a recent change and the November series will be restricted to entries for English Language and Maths.
If you need to resit several subjects, you may have to wait until the following June. If the resit isn't a subject that is required for your chosen courses, you may be able to start your A-levels in the meantime. Each sixth form and college will be able to advise you.
If I don't get into sixth form or college, what else can I do?
You might decide that you don't want to study A-levels , but there are other types of qualifications that are available.
(Image: James Maloney/Liverpool Echo)
BTECs - A vocational qualification which gives students the skills they need to enter higher education or employment. The skills are obtained through practical, work-related activities, allowing the students to apply what they have learned. There are over 2000 BTECs across 16 sectors available to study.
(Image: Chris Bull)
(Image: PA)
City & Guilds - A range of vocational and technical qualifications and apprenticeships, helping students to develop their skills for career progression. City & Guilds provide services to training providers, employers, and trainees across a variety of sectors to meet the needs of today's workplace.
(Image: James Maloney/Liverpool Echo)
(Image: James Maloney/Liverpool Echo)
Apprenticeships - Apprenticeships combine practical training in a job with study to achieve a qualification. You will be working alongside experienced staff in a real working environment, and will be paid during your apprenticeship. You will be entitled to the National Minimum Wage. You must be paid at least the minimum wage rate for your age if you're an apprentice aged 19 or over and have completed your first year.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about their role is Derek Weimer. They taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving their car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says they taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, they told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But they say the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says they did their best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought they had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said they felt that they failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
Shriram Subramanian, founder and MD, InGovern Research Services
If the allegations that there were phone calls made to ICICI (Prudential) mutual fund to bail out the ICICI Securities IPO (initial public offering) were true, it would be gross misconduct on the part of the fund house. (The IPO started on 22 March.)
While the percentage holding and the exposure may be within the stipulated norms, as data shows, ICICI Prudential mutual fund is the largest fund householder of ICICI Securities. The conflict of interest is apparent, if the issue was subscribed based on phone calls to bail out the issue, rather than an independent decision.
The fund management company should act in the interest of the unit-holders, and it risks its reputation if it has acted otherwise.
Srikanth Bhagavat, MD, Hexagon Capital Advisors
When taking such a call, the institution or fund manager should take extra caution. If possible, such takes should be avoided, because people are bound to make conclusions which may not be good. But it's a fund manager's call where to invest and how much, and if the fund manager has a conviction on a particular investment and they believe that it could be profitable for investors, I don't think there should be any issue. I have not studied the ICICI Securities IPO, so I won't comment on its investment worthiness.
Shyam Sekhar, founder, ithought
This is not a corporate governance issue because legally there is no provision that prohibits an asset management company from investing in the IPO of its sister concern.
In fact, ICICI Prudential AMC also invested in the IPO of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co., which listed marginally above the issue price.
The issue is more about fair pricing and most IPOs are overpriced. This is because they are able to manage the ecosystem by a limited IPO of 10%. This should be done away with and all companies that want to list need to list at the maximum threshold decided by Sebi. As far as the ICICI Pru AMC buying into the IPO of ICICI Securities is concerned, I think we are rushing to a judgment. The jury is still out on this.
EMBED >More News Videos In Steve's extra course, they take a closer look at Apolis Greek Street Food's traditional approach to frappes, the original coffee drink.
Greek street food isn't something you see a lot of in the far western suburbs, but our Hungry Hound said that's been changing, thanks to a new option in Lisle.They make all of their gyros from scratch, and they offer three different types every day.Many gyro places say they make everything from scratch, and yet, only a handful do more than prepare their tzatziki sauce. Hand-stacking those vertical cones everyday takes skill and patience and time.But the Greek team at Apolis isn't messing around. They take the food of their homeland very seriously, and don't believe in shortcuts.Kebabs are a given at any place claiming to serve Greek street food. And the homemade versions at Apolis, tucked away in the corner of a Lisle strip mall, are certainly respectable. But don't overlook their four vertical spits of handmade gyros either. There's the usual lamb and beef, chicken and pork, even spicy pork."Lamb and beef isn't that common in Greece, the most popular meat is chicken and pork. Again, hand-stacked and marinated with Greek spices," said Mike Gkotsis, the owner.You choose if you want it in a pita, a bowl, a salad or a wrap, or maybe a plate, which comes with rice and a choice of sides, like giant roasted potatoes. You could also opt for something called a kepasti."The kepasti the closest way to describe it is a Greek-style quesadilla. It's two, nine-inch pitas, one on the bottom, one on the top; choice of meat, feta, mozzarella cheese, tomato and green peppers," said Gkotsis.It's mammoth, and after they cook both sides on the griddle, rendering that cheese quite melty, they'll serve the entire thing covered in a mound of fresh-cut French fries. If you wanted them as a side, you could get a shower of feta on top, just know that the wraps already come with some fries embedded into the sandwich."They have a choice of plate, wrap, they can do a seven-inch pita, put the meat and whatever toppings they want, or they can do a salad bowl or a rice bowl as well," said Gkotsis.There's also spicy feta spread - great with pita wedges - a crispy-edged spanakopita, jammed with cooked spinach and a burger that comes topped with even more gyro meat than you could possible finish in one sitting. Their love of fries and feta seemingly knows no bounds."Fries on everything and feta on everything, you know that," they said.1109 Maple Ave, Lisle(331) 775-2135
ST. LOUIS, MO — Ballwin police are assuring residents that teens are not commandeering their vehicles. A Facebook post by the police department says that alarmed citizens probably say one of their officers transporting a prisoner. They even posted a picture that shows officer in question.
“We received a call from a concerned citizen who saw who they believed to be teenagers operating a marked Ballwin patrol vehicle. It was quickly determined that the driver of the patrol vehicle was Officer Rock, accompanied by a prisoner they were transporting. While they may appear to be 14 years of age, we promise they are above the age of 21, the legal age to be a police officer as defined by the State of Missouri statute. As always, pictures have been attached so you can visualize the call for yourself.”
This is the police report:
SHANGHAI (AP) — The Latest on Auto Shanghai 2017 (all times local):
6:15 p.m.
Volkswagen has unveiled an electric crossover concept vehicle, the I.D. Crozz, on the eve of the Shanghai auto show.
The Crozz isn't intended for sale, but VW says it has a top speed of 112 miles (180 kilometers) per hour and a range of 311 miles (500 kilometers) on one charge.
Advertisement
Such range could help electrics win wider consumer acceptance by reducing “range anxiety,” or fear of running out of power without a charger nearby.
Volkswagen said earlier it will launch a pure-electric car in China next year. It joins General Motors, Ford and other automakers that have announced electric models for China as Beijing steps up pressure on the industry to develop alternatives to gasoline.
Chastity's 'Children' Will Lead The Way
YouTube
Chastity's heft is often uncommonly pretty. You can hear the industrial-metal gruel of Godflesh, Smashing Pumpkins' snarl swirled in sweetness and Hum's distorted stargaze all through Brandon Williams' project, yet that heft appears to function as a way to ponder heavy ideas just as much as sound.
"Children" leads off Chastity's debut album, Death Lust, with a guitar tone that swims through concrete walls like liquefied stone. This is the kind of monotonic and massive riff that commands a legion to the front of the stage, raging in slow motion, as Williams coos over the beautiful bombast. It's paired with a video written, cast and produced by themselves (with direction by Justin Singer) that mimics Chastity's sonic dichotomy, based on a series of events that happened in Whitby, Ontario.
"This is a close-up on the practice of institutional racism that's revealed itself in my hometown by members of the police," Williams writes in a statement to NPR Music.
On the night of Dec. 28, 2016, an off-duty police officer named Michael Theriualt and their brother allegedly beat a young black man, Dafonte Miller, with a steel pipe while they were walking near their home. The 19-year-old lost sight in their left eye. When Miller tried calling 911, Theriualt took Miller's phone and told the operator that they were arresting the teen. Theriualt's father, John Theriualt, a former Toronto detective, attempted to interfere in the investigation, leading to their dismissal from the Professional Standards Unit. The two brothers have been charged with aggravated assault, assault with a weapon and public mischief; they appeared in court in February, and are expected to resume in May. The Theriualts, and both the Durham and Toronto police departments have all been allegedly involved in a cover-up.
"Children" channels the outrage of a community into a beautifully shot video that spotlights both the vulnerability and the solidarity of youth.
"John, Christian and Michael Theriault, Toronto and Durham police are a threat to public safety," Williams writes. "Black Lives Matter. How much do black lives matter to police?"
Death Lust comes out July 13 via Captured Tracks (physical, digital).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of people gathered to say a tearful goodbye to two tragic brothers killed in a car crash.
Touching photographs of Corey and Casper Platt-May were shown to the crowds on a big screen at Coventry Cathedral, while a video of heartfelt messages from loved ones was also played at a memorial service.
Every single person inside the new cathedral also held a lit candle in memory of Corey, six, and two-year-old Casper, who died after being struck by a car in Stoke on February 22.
Two people have appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving, the Coventry Telegraph reports.
A Service of Love and Memory
The sun shone through the windows of Coventry Cathedral as hundreds took their seats inside for the emotional service titled Casper and Corey: A Service of Love and Memory.
Led by the boys' family and loved ones, hundreds turned out to pay their respects to the tragic brothers.
Corey's classmates were also there to honour their lost friend, along with their football coach and the Mayor of Coventry, Cllr Tony Skipper.
(Image: BPM Media)
(Image: BPM Media)
The Reverend William Smith, Rector of St Michael's Church, led the service and said: “We are drawn together by a tragic event that took from us two precious boys.
“What happened is heartbreaking in the extreme. But in the aftermath, the community has rallied around in the most extraordinary way.
“While we mourn their loss, we also gather to celebrate their living.”
Grandad's poem
A number of people took the opportunity to speak about their love for the brothers, including their grandad Kenny May.
They read out a poem they had written following their tragic deaths.
The poem included the lines: “Fly, fly little boys. Fly beyond the imagining. The softest cloud, the whitest dove, upon the wind of heaven's love."
(Image: Coventry Telegraph/BPM Media)
“Past the planets and the stars, leave this little world of ours. Escape the sorrow and the pain, boys you will fly again.
“Fly, fly precious ones. Your endless journey has begun. Take your gentle happiness far too beautiful for this one.
“Cross over to the other shore, there is peace for ever more.
“Your heart is pure and your soul is free. Be on your way, don't wait for me.”
Family photos
A collection of photos of Corey and Casper were projected to those gathered on a big screen with the backdrop of R Kelly's ‘I Believe I Can Fly' playing through the cathedral's speakers.
A video of messages to the brothers and their heartbroken parents and siblings from other family members and close friends was also played during the memorial service.
The Reverend William Smith also paid a personal tribute to the boys and spoke of the joy they had brought to the world in their short few years.
They said: “When you visit their home you see the football and little green wellies that speak of what Corey and Casper loved."
(Image: Coventry Telegraph/BPM Media)
“Corey was full of energy and life. They were always coming up with news things to do. In class they loved maths and the whole things about school.
“At home it was football. They were never without a ball. They were always on the go.”
The Rev Smith described Casper as a “cheeky little boy” who was always “driving their older brothers crazy”.
They added: “Ahead of their second birthday their mum asked them what they wanted - ice cream was their simple reply.
“In the end they had a toy ice cream cart that they absolutely loved.”
The Rev also shared a memory of the time Casper - described by their parents as “angel-ish” - pulled a TV off their conservatory wall.
Treasured memories
Corey's headteacher Rob Matthews read a Bible passage to the crowds.
A tribute was also paid by Matthew Hopkins, Corey's football coach for Coventry Copsewood Lions.
They said: “Corey shone from their enthusiasm for the game and always had a ball at their feet.
“The happiest moment was to be the night before the accident. They played outstanding and was awarded man of the match. They had the biggest smile on theirs face.
“That's the memory we will treasure forever.”
They also said that Casper was “full of fun and mischief” and always wanted to join in with the older children.
Court case
Robert Brown, 53, and Gwendoline Harrison, 41, are accused of two counts of causing death by dangerous driving over the collision.
Brown of Attwood Crescent, in Wyken , Coventry, also faces charges of driving while disqualified, no insurance and otherwise than in accordance with a licence.
Harrison, of Triumph Close, also in Wyken, faces a further allegation of common assault.
They were not required to enter any pleas at a hearing at Coventry Magistrates' Court on February 24 and were remanded in custody.
They will appear next at Warwick Crown Court via video link on March 22.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Twenty-five years ago, in a celebrated and stomach-churning British case, two strangers abducted two-year old James Bulger.
They tortured them — beating him, throwing paint in their eye and stuffing their mouth with batteries — before crushing their skull.
To hide their crime, they arranged for James' body to be mutilated by a train. And they knew what they were doing.
They did not believe, as sometimes happens to those in the grip of psychotic delusions, that James was sent from outer space to destroy the world, or that they were in need of liberation from demonic possession.
No, they did it for fun.
(Image: PA)
The perpetrators — Robert Thompson and Jon Venables — were also both ten years old at the time.
A case like Bulger's scrambles the usual principles of criminal law.
When a person of sound mind, in touch with reality and aware of the pertinent facts, does something truly awful to somebody else for fun, there is no room for excuse or mitigation.
Those are the people for whom criminal punishment is devised.
But criminal punishment is not devised for ten year old children.
While some sort of very severe punishment of Thompson and Venables seems essential, it also seems wrong to treat them in the same way as we would if they had been 19 or 30 when they murdered James Bulger. Some kind of leniency seems warranted.
Their very young age gives us pause. But why should children who do terrible things be treated more leniently than adults? There is no doubt they should be. But why?
We should resist the temptation to insist there is something in the psychology of every individual child criminal that distinguishes them from an adult.
Maybe James' killers did not know what they were doing to him, or what the impact would be on those who loved him? Or maybe they did not understand that theirs was a grave crime? Maybe they did not even understand what a crime is?
But except for their ages, there is no reason whatsoever to think any of this is true.
There is no reason, except their ages, for thinking Thompson and Venables were psychologically different from adults in ways that warrant excuse.
Research in child psychology, not to mention ordinary experience, does show that there are important psychological differences between average children at particular ages and average adults. Minds change over time.
But Thompson and Venables were not average. Ordinarily it takes years of abuse for evil to fester to the point of enabling behavior like Thompson and Venables'.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
If they were precocious in their depravity, why deny they were precocious, also, in the psychological capacities thanks to which adults are worthy of full helpings of punishment?
What Thompson and Venables did is not just extremely unusual for a child, it is also extremely unusual for an adult.
When we see behavior like that in an adult we conclude that we have found someone different from normal in ways that warrant punishment. Why not reach the same conclusion about children?
There is, however, one important feature of Thompson and Venables that made them different from any adult — even adults capable of atrocities like theirs. Thompson and Venables were not allowed to vote.
To see why that matters, ask yourself what is wrong with vigilantes.
Why is it wrong for you, an ordinary citizen, to bring justice down on an adult criminal?
(Image: Getty Images)
The reason it's wrong is that it's not your job to punish people. It's the government's job.
But if the criminal deserves punishment, who cares who gives it to him, a vigilante mob or the government?
The reason to care is that it is the criminal's government, but it is not the criminal's mob.
They have a role to play in the government's behaviour that they do not have in the mob's behaviour. They have a say over what the government does. They have the vote.
So when the government punishes him, they bring it on themselves in a way that they do not when the mob punishes him. In a democracy, we have to hesitate to give full punishment to anyone who does not have a say over what the government does.
If they do not have a say, then the line between government punishment and mob punishment becomes very thin.
James Bulger was no less of a victim, no less wronged than the victims of adult criminals.
We should stop pretending that child criminals, all of them, are less mature than adult criminals. Some are precocious, and plenty of adults who commit crimes are very immature.
But we should also hold back from punishing children as harshly as we punish adults.
They are a disenfranchised class, denied as robust a role as adults in guiding our government.
Professor Gideon Yaffe, from Yale Law School, is author of the forthcoming book The Age of Culpability: Children and the Nature of Criminal Responsibility
I've come full circle on Carson Wentz. After asking many times why the Eagles would trade up in the draft to get the gunslinger out of North Dakota State, Wentz looks like one of the better QBs in the NFL at the 1/4 mark of the 2017 season.
While working in two new receivers (Torrey Smith, Alshon Jeffery), and having lost perhaps their best offensive weapon (Darren Sproles), Wentz looks like they won't have to worry about a sophomore slump.
But as I dig deeper into the Eagles, there are some reasons to be concerned going forward:
The Eagles have beaten winless teams in consecutive weeks (Giants, Chargers) by a combined five points. Whereas the Bills, who continue to get very little love, have won their last two games by dealing Denver and Atlanta its first losses of the season.
The combined record of Philadelphia's next three road opponents is 10-6 (Panthers, Cowboys, Seahawks, Rams)
Right now, the Eagles are 20-1 to win the Super Bowl. Of their final eight games, five are against teams with Super Bowl odds equal or better than theirs (Denver, Dallas 2x, Seattle, Oakland).
Yes, a lot can happen. Maybe Ezekiel Elliott gets suspended and misses both Eagles games. Maybe Derek Carr's back doesn't heal in time for their Christmas Day showdown. Maybe their cornerback, Ronald Darby, is back from their ankle injury by Thanksgiving.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
I'm bullish on the Eagles this season. I'm not aware of many other people who picked them to win the NFC East. But it's certainly not going to be easy, given the schedule.
LONDON (AP) — HSBC says the U.S. Department of Justice will ask a court to dismiss deferred criminal charges against the London-based bank in recognition of its efforts to strengthen safeguards against money laundering.
The bank says it has lived up to all of its commitments under a five-year deferred prosecution agreement that has now expired and U.S. authorities will file a motion to dismiss the charges deferred by that deal.
The move marks a significant step for the global bank, which signed the agreement to avoid charges for allegedly laundering millions of dollars from Mexican drug barons and countries facing U.S. sanctions.
HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver says the bank is better able to fight financial crime “as the result of the significant reforms we have implemented over the last five years.”
ANAHEIM, Calif. — The ISU Four Continents figure skating championships are returning to the U.S. for the first time in seven years.
The meet is scheduled for Feb. 7-10 at Honda Center in Anaheim, California, home to the NHL's Anaheim Ducks.
The competition in singles, pairs and ice dancing features skaters from the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
The U.S. team will be made up of three skaters or teams in each discipline and will be named after the U.S. nationals in Detroit on Jan. 19-27.
(Editor's note: Our own Rosemary Kelly entered David Tishbi Jewelry's Summer of Love contest at 859 Via de la Paz. Owner David Tishbi is giving away six rings to three lucky couples during the contest, which ended July 31. Entrants only had to write why they wanted a ring.)
A diamond ring—my engagement ring! A future of married bliss. It was the first ring I had ever received, 55 years ago back in Rhodesia, given to me by one of the most handsome men I had ever met and they swept me off my feet.
It slipped so easily on my then-slim finger and was admired by all. Now, sadly, with advancing years my knuckles have swollen with arthritis. The ring is sitting in a box like a lonely petunia in an onion patch. It would be such joy to put that little bit of sparkle back on my finger and reminisce on days of yore!
THE BOTTOM LINE There has to be a long-term agreement by all three leaders, with a timetable, location breakdown and funding guarantees. That's the only way to hold everyone accountable, and change the lives of those who are homeless.
It's been almost a year since Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo promised $2 billion toward affordable and supportive housing. Their plan included 6,000 permanent housing units across the state for those who are homeless and need additional services.
The promises have yet to become reality.
That's because using the funds and building the units require a memorandum of understanding signed by Cuomo, Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie, and Senate Majority Leader John Flanagan. All it takes is three signatures. It doesn't need a hearing, it doesn't even need a vote in the State Legislature, which convenes on Wednesday.
In the fall, Cuomo said they would sign their part of the memorandum, and they released detailed plans for the first 1,200 supportive housing units.
Since supportive housing — which includes mental health, drug treatment, and other key services — remains the best long-term solution to the homelessness across the state, the commitment to the 1,200 units is an important first step. Most are going to New York City, which is fighting a homelessness crisis and needs the housing.
Just 122 of the units, spread among seven projects, will be built on Long Island. But advocates say Suffolk and Nassau counties need 3,000 units of their own. So, more has to be done.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Cuomo's promises won't go anywhere without sign-offs from Heastie and Flanagan, who have so far agreed only to a one-year payout of $150 million. That's virtually useless without a long-term game plan and assurances that more will materialize. There are too many unknowns, and it's very difficult for an effort of this size and scope to succeed with such uncertainty.
There has to be a long-term agreement by all three leaders, with a timetable, location breakdown and funding guarantees. That's the only way to hold everyone accountable, and change the lives of those who are homeless.
— The editorial board
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are preparing for life without Spanish stopper David De Gea as they keep watch over Everton's Jordan Pickford to replace him.
De Gea has been a long-term target for Real Madrid, and it is expected that the 27-year-old keeper could be making the switch this summer.
That would pave the way for United to move for 23-year-old Pickford, who has been in good form since their transfer to the Toffees.
The Sun report that United would have to pay significantly more than the £30 million Everton paid in the summer to land Pickford, with a touted figure of £50 million likely to persuade the Merseyside club to sell.
(Image: Getty Images)
That would not be a problem for Red Devils boss Jose Mourinho, who could use the cash from any transfer involving De Gea to bankroll the deal.
Mourinho has done well to hold on to De Gea for so long, but is thought to be resigned to losing their star keeper.
The Express have reported that former United star Cristiano Ronaldo could be used as a makeweight in any kind of deal for De Gea.
The Portuguese striker is rumoured to be unhappy at the Bernabeu and would be open to involvement in some kind of swap deal in the summer.
Other gossip
United are in advanced talks to sign promising left winger Justin Kluivert from Ajax.
PSG's Marco Verratti is a target for United to provide competition for Paul Pogba in central midfield (4th official)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Do you think Gloucestershire comedian Nick Page's naughty gag on Tuesday night was fit for the Queen?
Would their royal one be amused or not by their joke about 'lube' which left Simon Cowell gobsmacked?
The judges were clearly worried about what Them Majesty would think of their act when they interrupted Nick's Britain's Got Talent routine with the dreaded red buzzer.
poll loading Was Nick Page's saucy joke about lube on Britain's Got Talent fit for the Queen? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
But you liked their appearance on BGT you can see the uncensored version in Gloucestershire this weekend.
Nick, who would have appeared in the BGT live final in London on Sunday if if they had got through, is now due to play a comedy night at Hilliside Brewery this Saturday.
Until Tuesday night's live semi final the former Escape To The Country presenter from Gloucestershire had won over the TV judges with their risque routine.
But no doubt as time went on they were worried about what the royals would think of the comic who was crowned English Comedian of the Year in 2017.
The winner of the final goes forward to the Royal Variety Show in November.
A joke about having their 'ring finger lubed' which had the live audience in hysterics appeared to seal their fate with Simon Cowell who sat there in disbelief.
Strangers' heroic efforts to save teacher trapped in upturned kayak in vain, inquest hears
(Image: ITV)
On Tuesday they said goodbye to the 47-year-old who has performing comedy for over a decade and dreamed of fame and the £250,000 prize.
Some of the show's fans took to Twitter to suggest Nick had been forced to water down their jokes for a TV audience.
"Nick Page's set had all the hallmarks of a good comedian who had toned down their act for a pre-watershed show. #bgt #britainsgottalent, " read one tweet by Martin Kelly.
Now Nick is set to be the star of the show at Hillside Brewery's summer Comedy Night Saturday June 2 2018 at the Longhope venue.
After their TV appearance the brewery tweeted: "Would you like to see Nick live..?
"Well we have some good news for you. We have a comedy night this Saturday the 2nd of June and they are our headline act. Just £8 in advance: https://bit.ly/2IY7teo "
Before news of Nick the website said: "The Comedy Night promises great entertainment and plenty of chuckles, with visitors also getting the perfect chance to indulge with some tasty tipples during the night."
The night starts from 6pm and tickets cost £8 in advance, £10 on the door. Telephone:(01452) 830222 for details.
Tonight another eight acts are competing at the Hammersmith Apollo for a place in the BGT final on Sunday June 3.
It is on ITV tonight Wednesday, May 30 on ITV at 7.30pm and the results will be announced at 9.30pm.
Acrocadabra, DMU Gospel Choir, Aleksandar Mileusnic, Mr Uekus, Gruffydd Wyn Robert, Rise Unbroken, Marc Spelman and Robert White compete tonight.
Space-Hopping 'Avengers: Infinity War' Raises The Stakes To Infinity — And Beyond
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chris Zlotnick/Marvel Studios Chris Zlotnick/Marvel Studios
Avengers: Infinity War is — and truly feels like — the culmination of something.
Over the course of many years and many more Marvel Universe films — including some that proved to be hugely successful (Guardians of the Galaxy) and some that proved to be Thor: The Dark World — the proprietors of that universe have been nesting glowy magical gemstones inside their heroes' stories. We nerdlings familiar with the 1991 Marvel Comics mini-series Infinity Gauntlet (written by Jim Starlin with art by George Perez and Ron Lim) have been waiting patiently for a certain big bald Marvel villain to come along and collect/hoard those sparklies like some kind of purple, cosmically powered space-tyrant/magpie.
Thanos is here at last — an alchemical blend made up of state-of-the-art CGI, an oddly wistful performance from actor Josh Brolin, and Violet Beauregarde's post-gum skin tone — and he's fixin' to cause Trouble. With a capital T, and that rhymes with C, and that stands for cosmic genocide.
Who can stop him, or at least try to? Pretty much every actor who's ever cashed a Marvel Cinematic Universe paycheck, is who. Which is why, even with its two-hour-and-40-minute running time (belay that "Infinity Kidney Stones" joke, it's been made), Infinity War still manages to feel overstuffed, crammed to the gills with characters and locations and events and stakes.
That's the setup. But in the interest of efficiency in criticism, we must acknowledge that the potential audience for Infinity War is large, and consists of people who come at it with widely varying degrees of Marvel Cinematic Universe engagement. And knowledge.
And — let's be blunt — level of interest.
Thus we are attempting to account for this fact by providing discrete reviews, expressly tailored to your individual needs.
Here's How It Works
Picture yourself in the theater with a friend. No really, picture it: You're about to see Avengers: Infinity War. The trailers are over. The lights dim. The Marvel Studios logo appears on the screen. At that moment, you lean over to your friend, and you whisper something.
What is it?
Choose from the options below, and then scroll down to find your Personalized, Artisanally Blended Avengers: Infinity War Movie Review.
CHOOSE ONE
"So. The Avengers. They're the ones with Batman, right?"
"Is [My Favorite Marvel Character] in this?"
"They had better not kill off [My Favorite Marvel Character]."
"I saw the trailer, and I can't wait for the scene where [something]."
"How in the world are they gonna take all these characters and tell a story that makes any sense?"
"OK, so: Remind me where all the Infinity Stones are, as far as we know?"
"I hope it feels like an old-school summer comics crossover."
"I just hope it's fun."
"I hate these stupid superhero movies. They're all pointless, loud, violent fodder served up for the dull-witted masses. I am here against my will. It's possible I'm on a bad date but it's more likely I have been kidnapped. Please contact the authorities. Blink twice if you understand me."
"So. The Avengers. They're the ones with Batman, right?"
No. No, the Avengers are not, as you say, "the ones with Batman."
Clearly, you belong to that subset of Infinity War audience members that doesn't care overmuch about the mythological infrastructure of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. And that's fine — ideally, you shouldn't need to bring a scorecard, physical or mental, along with you. The film should stand alone as a full experience, regardless of your particular level of nerdery.
But to you I say: Proceed with caution. First, ask yourself: If some character I don't recognize steps out of the shadows and the audience around me gasps in shocked recognition (this happens at least twice) — am I OK with that? When the camera cuts to some random location, the music swells and a legend appears at the bottom of the screen that is supposed to be the name of said place but is obviously just some dumb, made-up nerd-word that doesn't mean anything — will I be miffed? If the answer to either of those questions is "Yeah, probably," maybe wait for it to hit the streaming services.
Don't worry too much about getting lost in the mechanics of the plot, however — it's a simple series of fetch quests. Thanos wants to collect the various Infinity Stones. You'll know what those are when you see them, and at one point you'll be treated to a kind of mystical slide deck about them, plus you'll be told "If they collect all six, they can kill half the universe" enough times that you'll understand the opposing sides.
"Is [My Favorite Marvel Character] in this?"
Yes, probably. That's ... kind of the whole point of the exercise.
Provided you realize that the X-Men and Deadpool aren't really invited to the intellectual-property party, you can be reasonably certain your own favorite character appears onscreen at some point.
... With two notable exceptions. Notable chiefly because their absences are explained in a throwaway line that gets thrown away by the character tasked to deliver it like it's a soiled diaper.
But in most other cases, your favorite character will get some business to do. It may not be a lot, but they will hit the familiar beats you want them to hit.
"They had better not kill off [My Favorite Marvel Character]."
In previous Marvel films, character deaths served their usual superhero-genre purpose: They motivated the heroes into action.
In Infinity War, death is a consequence of superheroic action, not its trigger. There's ... rather a lot of death, this time out, and — the superhero genre being what it is — only most of it is permanent. If you're worried about your favorite character, rest assured that if they do get killed off, you'll likely see it coming long enough to mentally prepare for it. (There's a specific cinematic language these films speak; when you hear a certain kind of music cue, or see a shot framed in just such a way, or when a character expresses anything approaching contentment, you'll know it's coming, so gird your loins.)
"I saw the trailer, and I can't wait for the scene where [something]."
Yyyyyeah, careful there. The official Infinity War trailers include several shots that aren't in the film. That happens all the time, of course — they probably come from scenes that got deleted for time. But there's at least one trailer image that looks like it was an intentional fake-out.
"How in the world are they gonna take all these characters and tell a story that makes any sense?"
That is an excellent question, and Infinity War answers it smartly, if not always effectively.
The filmmakers know that over the life of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, their different characters vibrate at different frequencies, so the films built around them have adopted different tones. This is perhaps the biggest reason for their success — Captain America and Iron Man, for example, are wildly different characters, and their films feel that way. When they come together in an Avengers film, they clash — and as they're brought into conflict, the filmmakers and actors seize the opportunity to delineate them further, bringing their respective characterizations into even sharper relief.
As a result, the Marvel Cinematic Universe is painted in a variety of tonal colors, not simply a monolithic grayscale.
Inifinty War doubles down on this character interaction by carefully pairing off its huge cast of characters. When two familiar characters with a well-established dynamic share the screen (Tom Holland's Peter Parker and Robert Downey Jr.'s Tony Stark, most winningly) the film hums along. We get treated to several new duos whose chemistry we perhaps didn't see coming but really should have (Downey and Benedict Cumberbatch's Doctor Strange get their respective goatees in a twist, while Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Chris Pratt's Peter Quill — size each other up in exactly the way you'd expect two such pretty-boy doofuses to do).
The technique doesn't always work — and in one instance, fails completely. It's mystifying that a movie that represents the great synthesis of so many long-established storylines should attempt to locate its emotional center in the (to put it charitably) fraught relationship between Thanos, whom we've only just met after all, and Gamora (Zoe Saldana), a character whose interiority fails to register, and who has yet to define themselves beyond "resident badass." Thanos is given several bemused monologues that attempt to cast them as something in addition to what they are — a great big honkin' purple (more than a little silly) CGI villain — and Gamora's reactions to him, scene to scene, keep surprising us because they come off as not so much nuanced and complicated as disconnected and puzzling. The film asks this Thanos/Gamora dynamic to carry a lot of weight — too much, in the end — and scenes between them never manage to land with the impact the filmmakers want them to.
"OK, so: Remind me where all the Infinity Stones are, as far as we know?"
OK, asking this question of your friend in the next seat suggests that you're in precisely the right headspace for this film. You're curious, you're engaged, you know what the MacGuffins-du-jour are, and why they're important.
And if your friend can't answer your question: We can.
Rest assured, you won't have to watch six repetitive scenes of Thanos going around and painstakingly collecting all six Infinity Stones — by the time we meet him, he's already got one under their belt. Which is to say: bedazzling their glove. Plus he's got a brace of creepy minions to do some of the their rock-collecting for him. He's a villain who outsources.
"I hope it feels like an old-school summer comics crossover."
By that do you mean sprawling, and great to look at, with confusing subplots that send some heroes off to chase still yet another object, far away from the main action? And that some characters don't get enough to do while others get too much? Then yes. Yes, it feels like that.
Do you also mean that you keep stopping to wonder why an all-powerful being with burgeoning control over the fundamental forces of the universe itself, who can unmake reality at will, would instead devote so much time and energy to simply ... punching others a lot?
Yes. That, too.
"I just hope it's fun."
Aha, see, now you belong to that vast sea of potential seers-of-this-movie that just wants to bask in high adventure with space-hopping and plenty of jokes (there are more than you might think, and most land) and heroes striking poses and villains sneering and saying things like, I kid you not, "Insect!"
You, then, will enjoy this film, most likely. There is, as mentioned above ... just really a whole lot of death, and an ending that is more Empire than Jedi. And if Marvel is committed to having the consequences of Infinity War truly reverberate through this summer's Ant-Man and the Wasp and next spring's Captain Marvel, then consider the stakes raised. Or, equally possibly, razed.
"I hate these stupid superhero movies. They're all pointless, loud, violent fodder served up for the dull-witted masses. I am here against my will. It's possible I'm on a bad date but it's more likely I have been kidnapped. Please contact the authorities. Blink twice if you understand me."
I am sorry for the position you find yourself in but I'm confident it will soon resolve itself and that, in no time, you'll be back to your usual routine, commenting on the NPR Facebook page without reading the articles.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plymouth hopes that "appropriate action" will be taken against Leyton Orient captain Liam Kelly after an alleged clash with a ball boy on Tuesday night.
Kelly is said to have pushed an Argyle ball boy to the floor while trying to retrieve the ball in the Orient's shock 3-2 win at Home Park.
A statement on the Devon club's official website, which read: "During Tuesday night's match against Leyton Orient one of our ball-boys was shoved to the ground by Orient captain Liam Kelly.
"We have reviewed videos of the incident and we regard any physical or oral assault against our ball-boys, or any representative of Argyle, to be utterly unacceptable.
"We have reported the incident to the FA for them to take the appropriate action.
(Photo: Rex Features)
"We are glad to say that the ball-boy, although shocked by the incident, is otherwise okay and we thank the Green Army, on their behalf, for their concerns."
Kelly was booked for a 70th-minute foul on Ryan Donaldson, but no action was taken at the time by referee Chris Sarginson for the alleged push on the ball boy. When the incident is said to have happened is not specified.
(Photo: Dan Mullan)
The struggling east London team came from behind to win the match with goals inside the last two minutes from Gavin Massey and Sandro Semedo.
Four years ago, Chelsea's Eden Hazard was sent off for kicking 17-year-old Swansea ball boy Charlie Morgan in the closing stages of a League Cup tie at the Liberty Stadium.
The Belgian playmaker got a three-match ban for violent conduct for the incident, which the FA decided against extending.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:34 Defending 6A champ Keller opens season with win vs. Hebron Pause 0:35 Rougned Odor's two-homer night signals their slump is behind them 2:00 Flag Day - downtown Fort Worth 1:08 Another state softball title and 30 wins makes Keller ace Star-Telegram player of the year 1:23 Texas member of congress at Virginia shooting: Son took cover under SUV 0:36 Medevac chopper arrives after GOP member of congress, aides, shot at during baseball practice 0:16 Motorcyclist killed on Loop 820 in south Fort Worth 0:24 Injured person on stretcher taken away from congressional baseball practice shooting scene. 0:49 Nick Martinez didn't figure in the decision but held the Astros to two runs Tuesday night 1:27 Jeff Banister on Rougned Odor's big night and Nick Martinez's start Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email In their first season as Keller's ace, sophomore Dylann Kaderka exceeded expectations as the Indians won their second straight 6A state softball title. bgosset@star-telegram.com
In their first season as Keller's ace, sophomore Dylann Kaderka exceeded expectations as the Indians won their second straight 6A state softball title. bgosset@star-telegram.com
Shona has just been revealed as Clayton's mum
Woman gives birth to baby boy just hours after hu
The devastating aftermath of the Maryland helicop
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The first person in the UK to have a double hand transplant has celebrated the success of their operation by clapping their beloved Leeds Rhinos on to the pitch for a rugby league clash.
Chris King , 57, made their first visit to Headingley Carnegie Stadium in Leeds to watch the Rhinos play cross-Pennine Super League rivals Widnes Vikings.
In July last year, both their hands were replaced in a pioneering operation at Leeds General Infirmary.
Mr King, from Rossington near Doncaster, clapped from the stand when the teams ran on to the pitch.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
And they were applauded themselves at half-time when they went on to the pitch and pulled out the winning ticket for the golden gamble draw.
Mr King lost their hands in a work accident when they were caught in an industrial cutting machine, four years ago.
They were the second patient in the UK to have a hand transplant operation by Professor Simon Kay but the first to have both done.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
Since their life-changing operation, Chris has had to learn again how to tie their shoe laces and even hold a pen.
But despite their struggles, King said they are finally getting on track since having the procedure last July.
They told the Mirror earlier this month: "I can make a fist, I can hold a pen, I can do more or less the same functions as I could with my original hands.
"There are still limitations but I'm getting back to the full Chris again."
After declining 0.3% in 2017, the worldwide smartphone market is expected to contract again in 2018 before returning to growth in 2019 and beyond. According to the International Data Corporation (IDC) Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, smartphone shipments are forecast to drop 0.2% in 2018 to 1.462 billion units, which is down from 1.465 billion in 2017 and 1.469 billion in 2016. Looking further out, IDC expects the market is to grow roughly 3% annually from 2019 onwards with worldwide shipment volume reaching 1.654 billion in 2022 and a five year compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 2.5%.
The biggest driver of the 2017 downturn was China, which saw its smartphone market decline 4.9% year over year. Tough times are expected to continue in 2018 as IDC forecasts consumption in China to decline another 7.1% before flattening out in 2019. The biggest upside in Asia/Pacific continues to be India with volumes expected to grow 14% and 16% in 2018 and 2019. Chinese OEMs will continue their strategy of selling large volumes of low-end devices by shifting their focus from China to India. So far most have been able to get around the recently introduced India import tariffs by doing final device assembly at local India manufacturing plants. As for components, almost everything is still being sourced from China.
“With 2017 now behind us a lot of interesting market dynamics are unfolding,” said Ryan Reith, program vice president with IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Device Trackers, in a statement. “Even though it declined 5% in 2017, China remains the focal point for many given that it consumes roughly 30% of the world's smartphones. But plenty of pockets of growth can be found beyond China. India is now grabbing headlines and the market itself is going through some rapid transformation. Local India manufacturing continues to ramp up, despite still having a heavy dependence on China for components. The boom in India is likely to continue in the years to come, but the move toward building up local production has certainly caught the eye of many in the industry.”
Outside of Asia/Pacific, the biggest regions for growth will be the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America. All three regions have relatively low penetration rates and plenty of upsides. Economic challenges have been the main inhibitor over the past two years, but IDC expects consumer spending to rise throughout the forecast and smartphones to be a big benefactor.
The other catalyst to watch will be the introduction of 5G smartphones. IDC predicts the first commercially ready 5G smartphones will appear in the second half of 2019 with a ramp up across most regions happening in 2020. IDC projects 5G smartphone volumes to account for roughly 7% of all smartphones in 2020 or 212 million in total. The share of 5G devices should grow to 18% of total volumes by 2022.
“Although overall smartphone shipments will decline slightly in 2018, the average selling price (ASP) of a smartphone will reach $345, up 10.3% from the $313 ASP in 2017,” said Anthony Scarsella, research manager with IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker, in a statement. “This year will continue to focus on the ultra-high-end segment of the market as we expect a surge of premium flagship devices to launch in developed markets in 2018. Devices featuring large AMOLED bezel-less displays, advanced camera functions, and an overall increase in speed and performance will be the driving factor in the increase of ASPs. Moving forward, we can expect this trend to continue as the ASP for a smartphone will continue to grow throughout the forecast period. In 2022, the final year of our forecast period, the average selling price for a smartphone will be $362, resulting in a 5-year CAGR of 2.9%.”
Platform Highlights
iOS: Apple's iPhone volumes are expected to grow 2.6% in 2018 to 221 million in total. IDC is forecasting iPhones to grow at a five-year CAGR of 2.4%, reaching volumes of 242 million by 2022. With rumors of some upcoming larger screen iOS smartphones, IDC has changed its screen size forecast for Apple by introducing volumes greater than 6 inches. Products are likely to begin shipping in the fourth quarter of 2018, with volumes ramping up and accounting for 36% of all iPhones shipped by 2022.
Android: Android's share of total smartphones is expected to remain relatively stable at 85% of total shipments worldwide. Volumes are expected to grow at a five-year CAGR of 2.5%, with shipments totaling 1.41 billion by 2022. IDC estimates that 98% of Android phones will ship with screens larger than 5 inches by 2022, with 36% being 6 inches or larger. While some of this will remain premium flagship models, the aggregate ASP of Android phones with a 6-inch screen or greater by 2022 is projected to be $414.
Worldwide Smartphone Platform Shipments, Market Share, and 5-Year CAGR, 2018 and 2022
(shipments in millions)
"Control is an illusion" lies at the heart of what makes Mr. Robot such a mindfuck of a series. This theme works in tandem with the series tagline "Our Democracy has been hacked." The interplay between power and control has been a central tenant of Mr. Robot from the show's inception, and with #MrRobot Season 3 returning on October 11, the struggle for authority looks like it will explode into the show's most dramatic season yet.
Furthermore, decrypting the declaration "Our Democracy has been hacked" reveals how power and control silently operate in the background of society. In examining how these two elements are being manipulated in everyday life, we see how many of the characters on Mr. Robot — and the public at large — possess far less agency than they believe.
The World Of 'Mr. Robot' Is An Illusion
'Mr. Robot' [Credit: USA Network]
Instead of operating in a world determined by freewill and choice, there's a theory that the entirety of Mr. Robot is an elaborate game controlled by two powerful men clashing for dominance. At any given point, Dark Army leader Whiterose and E Corp CEO Phillip Price are the two most influential figures on the series, each obsessed with obtaining more power than the other.
If we approach the events of Mr. Robot as a competition for power — a chess match — between Whiterose and Phillip Price, then all actions within that game are deliberate manipulations by these two players as they move their pieces. Their influence is so deeply rooted that it dictates how characters think and behave, like human robots.
How do Whiterose and Price wield such control over other characters? They hack people. Elliot often uses digital jargon when describing people and their behaviors, so it should come as no surprise that the same principles of manipulation can be applied to people as well. Whiterose (as Minister Zhang) teases this in the Season 3 trailer:
"If you pull the right strings a puppet will dance any way you desire."
How exactly does this process work? The disturbing truth is that the practice of hacking people has been elegantly refined by those in power for centuries.
Hacking People Is Social Conditioning
'Mr. Robot' [Credit: USA Network]
Hacking is not a modern concept. Before the digital age hacking was a form of social conditioning, with powerful individuals and large corporations finding ways to subjugate and control the public as far back as the 17th century. What's changed over the course of its evolution are the tools and methods with which it is carried out.
American linguist, philosopher and political activist Noam Chomsky outlines how this process of social conditioning evolved from violence to sublimation:
"Corporate propaganda [...] it's goal from the beginning — perfectly openly and consciously — was to control the public mind, and the reason was because the public mind was seen as the greatest threat to corporations. It was recognized early on that it was going to be necessary to control people's minds. Look at the earliest stirrings of democratic revolutions in England in the 17th century. There already was concern that we're not going to be able to control people by force and we therefore have to control them by other means — controlling what they think, what they feel, their attitudes, their attitudes toward one another — all sorts of mechanisms of control are gonna have to be devised which will replace the efficient use of force and violence that was available to a much greater extent earlier on."
The Mr. Robot Season 3 trailer suggests that a surge of state-sanctioned violence is precisely what will occur as the conflict between fsociety, the Dark Army and the FBI continues. In addition to military forces, it seems that a biological agent might be infecting people all across New York City, inciting further chaos and disorder.
While it's clear how physical action can be used to subdue the masses, nuanced approaches are corporations' preferred methods of control, as they secure the same obedience without the same public protest.
Seeing how institutions such as media, television, newspapers, schools and churches affect our thinking is easier to observe when examined on the individual level. One particular scene in Mr. Robot Season 2 demonstrates precisely how these mechanisms work to infiltrate and influence our minds.
Human Robotics Begins With Data Mining
'Mr. Robot' [Credit: USA Network]
In Season 2, Angela is kidnapped by Whiterose's men and tasked with answering a series of random questions that initially feel like intimidation tactics. However, Angela's interrogation has a much more clandestine purpose; it is a cleverly disguised form of data mining, a process of examining (typically large) data sets in order to generate new information.
Questionnaires like the one in which Angela participates contain questions designed to reveal personal information without the user ever realizing what is being asked. The interrogator "separates the value of [the] answer from the nature of the question," extrapolating more information than the participant knows they or they reveal.
For example:
Your relationship with your mother will tell someone how you feel about women, whether you want children or not says a lot about how you feel about the future, and whether or not you believe in the supernatural tells them to what extent you will trust without seeing. Whether you think corporations are evil or not tells them if you're a 1 or a 0.
This information can then be used to specifically target an individual for influence without their or their knowledge — precisely what Whiterose wants for Angela. Using the information gathered from this session, Whiterose can not only predict Angela's future behavior, but can construct a new narrative for Angela to unknowingly follow.
'Mr. Robot' [Credit: USA Network]
Until this point, Angela operated under Phillip Price's influence, whether or not they recognized it. In taking a position at E Corp, Angela believed they were working to expose the truth about the Washington Township plant leak and subsequent coverup. Yet, Angela more often served Price's agenda, like when Price used them to arrest two E Corp executives, Jim Chutney and Saul Weinberg, for insider trading.
In spite of Angela's efforts, E Corp's agenda continued to move forward. Price dropped the third party inspections of the plant and denied Angela's request to move into the Risk Management Department, flexing their power over them at every opportunity.
Seeing a chance to capitalize on Price's prior conditioning of Angela, Whiterose provides a sense of purpose to Angela's personal tragedy, effectively reprogramming and recruiting them to work for the Dark Army without their knowledge. Season 3 will likely see Angela become a major figure as they maintain their position at E Corp while safeguarding a recovering Elliot and unwittingly facilitating the Dark Army's plan. Additionally, with Darlene dangerously positioned between fsociety and the FBI, Angela may need to assume more control in the hacker collective, bringing them even closer to Tyrell than the Season 2 finale teased.
The Will Of The People Has Been Hacked
'Mr. Robot' [Credit: USA Network]
Angela's conditioning is a form of human robotics via data-driven behavior change. While corporations have used this technique to ensure the public's submission to authority as well as feed consumer habits, the sobering truth is that people have lost their autonomy. Mr. Robot fully exploits this idea by suggesting that Democracy — the will of the people — has been hacked by large corporations vying for power.
If corporations like E Corp hold all the cards, then why would Phillip Price allow fsociety to execute the Five/Nine Hack and further threaten their company? As things stands, the hack derailed E Corp's network and locked digital records, but it also facilitated a $2 trillion, interest-free loan from the Chinese government and launched ECoin, the largest e-currency competitor to the Chinese-backed Bitcoin.
Though we assume E Corp faces grave threats from fsociety in Season 3, Phillip Price still remains the most powerful man in the room, and seems to have actually benefitted in the wake of Five/Nine. Price goes so far as to declare their thoughts on E Corp's position in the Season 3 trailer:
"World catastrophes like this — they occur because men like me allow them."
If every action thus far has been a deliberate move by Phillip Price or Whiterose as they compete for power, then the illusion of control looks to become a source of violence and retaliation in Season 3. No only is this a reminder of the antiquated mechanisms of control employed by the powerful, but it also marks a definitive turning point for all those involved. With all-out war on the horizon, it's unlikely that all the pawns will make it out of the game alive.
Who do you think will be the first casualty of the power struggle in Mr. Robot Season 3?
(Sources: Politics Means Politics, Reddit h/t @a_James_Woods, The Harvard Trade Union Program)
April 6 Beijing Transtrue Technology Inc :
* Says actual controller proposed to pay a cash dividend of 3 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares, as the dividend payment plan for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/pu1Hfv
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Bay Area political events: SF mayoral town halls
Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle 100 Van Ness, ( tall tower behind the City Hall dome) on Friday...
Upcoming political events in the Bay Area.
TUESDAY
Government and technology: How technological innovations will force a rethinking in the realms of government, law and economic structures. Speakers: Carrie Cihak, King County (Wash.) executive office chief of policy, and Stanford law Professor Nate Persily. 5-6:45 p.m., 75 Alta Road, Stanford. Free. Register here.
WEDNESDAY
Racial justice: Showing Up for Racial Justice (SURJ), which “moves white people to act for justice, with passion and accountability, as part of a multiracial majority,” holds a get-involved meeting. Featured speaker is Sandra Johnson, a community organizer with All of Us or None. 6:45-9 p.m., Sierra Club offices, 2101 Webster St., 13th floor, Oakland. More information is here.
Indivisible: Indivisible Sausalito's monthly meeting. 7-8:30 p.m., 333 Caledonia St., Sausalito. indivisiblesausalito.com/
THURSDAY
S.F. mayoral town halls: Dignity Fund Coalition mayoral town hall. 10:30 a.m.-noon, Herbst Theater, 401 Van Ness Ave., San Francisco. More information is here. Also, the Westside mayoral forum will be held at 6:30 p.m. at the Golden Gate Park Hall of Flowers, Lincoln Way at Ninth Avenue. More information is here.
Women in politics: A panel discussion on Bay Area women in politics. Part of the second annual 50/50 day. 6:30-8:30 p.m., Mechanics' Institute. fourth-floor meeting room, 57 Post St., San Francisco. More information is here.
FRIDAY
Immigrant rights: Party for Socialism and Liberation holds an International Workers Day planning event to campaign for immigrant rights. 7 p.m., 2969 Mission St., San Francisco. More information is here.
SATURDAY
Drone warfare: SF Bay Area Interfaith Conference on Drone Warfare. Speakers include Rep. Barbara Lee, former National Lawyers Guild President Marjorie Cohn, former Air Force technical Sgt. Lisa Ling and Maryann Cusimano Love, professor of international relations at Catholic University. Free. 10 a.m-4 p.m., Pacific School of Religion chapel, 1798 Scenic Ave., Berkeley. More information is here.
APRIL 30
S.F. mayoral forum: Southeast mayoral forum, hosted by the San Francisco Neighborhood Network. 6:30-8 p.m., Southeast Community Facility, 1800 Oakdale Ave. To register and for more information, go here.
MAY 1
May Day rallies: Rally for union and immigrant rights in San Francisco, noon-1 p.m., City Hall steps. More information is here. Music, speeches and march in Santa Rosa, 2-3:30 p.m., 777 Sebastopol Road. March and rally in San Jose, 4-7 p.m., Roosevelt Park, 901 E. Santa Clara St. Immigration-themed march and rally in Mountain View, 4:30-6:30 p.m., Rengstorff Park Community Center, 201 S. Rengstorff Ave.
MAY 2
Voter information: The League of Women Voters of North and Central San Mateo holds a voter information session. The first part of the program will provide an overview of where, when, and how to vote in the county, which is implementing a new system giving residents more ways and more days to vote. The second part is a nonpartisan analysis of the five initiatives on the state ballot and Regional Measure 3, which would raise bridge tolls to pay for transportation projects. 7 p.m. at the Foster City Public Library, 1000 E. Hillsdale Blvd. More information is here.
MAY 7
S.F. mayoral forum: Northeast mayoral forum, hosted by the San Francisco Neighborhood Network. 5:30-8 p.m., Broadway Studios, 435 Broadway. To register and for more information, go here.
Voter information: The League of Women Voters of North and Central San Mateo holds a voter information session. The first part of the program will provide an overview of where, when, and how to vote in the county, which is implementing a new system giving residents more ways an d more days to vote. The second part is a nonpartisan analysis of the five initiatives on the state ballot and Regional Measure 3, which would raise bridge tolls to pay for transportation projects. 7 p.m. at the San Mateo Public Library, 55 W. Third Ave. More information is here.
MAY 9
Disabled rights: Forum on disability access and rights. Sponsors include Berkeley Peace and Justice Commission's Subcommittee on the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, and the Commission on Disability. 3-5 p.m., Ed Roberts Campus, 3075 Adeline St., Berkeley. More information is here.
MAY 14
Voter information: The League of Women Voters of North and Central San Mateo holds a voter information session. The first part of the program will provide an overview of where, when, and how to vote in the county, which is implementing a new system giving residents more ways and more days to vote. The second part is a nonpartisan analysis of the five initiatives on the state ballot and Regional Measure 3, which would raise bridge tolls to pay for transportation projects. 7 p.m. at the San Carlos Public Library, 610 Elm St. More information is here.
MAY 21
S.F. Politics 101: United Democratic Club hosts a primer on local politics. Free. 6:30-8:30 p.m., 55 Fillmore St., San Francisco. Registration and more information are here.
To list an event, email tbyrne@sfchronicle.com
Golf is a gentlemen's sport, at least it is every year until either the Ryder Cup or Presidents Cup rolls around and then golf becomes a team sport just like football. With that comes raucous crowds who drink from sun up to sun down and boo when opposing players not only screw up, but also when they do well.
Daniel Berger's comments show just how intoxicating making golf a team sport can be.
Quite lovely by young Berger, proving it's a gentleman's game and you can sympathise with your opponents. #presidentscup2017 pic.twitter.com/rDgTxvbyiJ — Tweeter Alliss (@TweeterAlliss) September 30, 2017
During the Ryder Cup last year we saw Patrick Reed and Rory McIlroy put on a display of showmanship and crowd taunting that was thoroughly enjoyed by fans and the golfers on the course, yet the atmosphere this year at the Presidents Cup didn't sit well with PGA Tour winner Marc Leishman's wife, who wrote a long letter explaining exactly why.
“There were many times last week that I thought about what the kids were seeing,” Leishman wrote. “The crowds were booing for good shots and cheering for missed putts. The drinking at 7am? Screaming ‘Big Easy' to Ernie Els and begging for their autograph and then yelling at their players. Heckling a wife for their beauty and then their husband for their play. I was thankful my boys weren't there to see the way people were treating their daddy. Their hero.”
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but that's team sports for you. They're very competitive at a professional level and the fans rally to show support for their team. Do fans cross the line? Hell yes they do. Throwing insults at someone's wife is uncalled for, but yelling, “Get in the water” after a tee shot is just good fun.
No true golf fan wishes ill will on any player, but there is only once a year when fans can cheer against a player that they normally cheer for all season long.
When Leishman won the Arnold Palmer Invitational or the BMW Championship this year there was no one booing them or yelling insults at him; fans were cheering for him. Golf fans will cheer for anyone, and that's part of what makes them and the sport so special.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
“Golf is truly a gentleman's sport,” Leishman wrote. “But last week was not the golf I know.”
That statement is true for every tournament except for two, and during those two tournaments, the gloves are off. If you don't like the atmosphere, don't attend.
U-S-A!
A new state-of-the-art mobile health unit is making its way to underserved children in South Florida, offering free oral health screenings, assessments and exams, all supported by telehealth connectivity with care providers at Nicklaus Children's main campus.
The 40-foot mobile unit is Nicklaus Children's Hospital's latest endeavor to assist families in need as part of its vision “to be where the children are” in South Florida and beyond.
“We recognize that many children in our community are in critical need of dental screenings and followup care,” said Dr. Narendra Kini, CEO of Miami Children's Health System.
“This program makes possible the ability to extend our services to families in need. As champions for children, we are proud to bring this vision to life,” they said.
“Our goal is to provide early intervention and reduce complications by bringing our services directly to the communities that need them most. We are so excited to make this a reality, and look forward to changing the lives of children in our communities,” said Dr. Rosie Roldan, medical director of the Department of Dentistry at Nicklaus Children's Hospital.
The mobile unit is equipped with two dental operation suites as well as state-of-the-art telehealth equipment that enables communication between the unit-based providers and dental colleagues at Nicklaus Children's Hospital to support patient care.
Each week, two dental assistants, a dental resident and a pediatric dentist will be stationed in various locations in the community to provide services for uninsured children from birth to 12 years of age. In addition to screenings and exams, services can include varnish treatments, dental sealants, oral and health hygiene education as well as referrals for followup oral treatment, as needed.
For more information on the dental unit's locations, call 786-779-1647.
This free program is made possible through the support of generous community philanthropists. For more information on supporting programs like this one, please visit www.mchf.org.
For more information on Nicklaus Children's Hospital, visit www.nicklauschildrens.org.
Facebook Cracks Down On 30,000 Fake Accounts In France
Facebook is targeting 30,000 fake accounts linked to France that are being used to spread fake news, spam, hoaxes and misinformation. The company said it is trying to "reduce the spread of material generated through inauthentic activity, including spam, misinformation, or other deceptive content that is often shared by creators of fake accounts."
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
After the U.S. presidential election, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had dismissed the idea that their company had provided a platform for the spread of false information and conspiracy theories.
But now Facebook is working with authorities in 14 countries to stop the spread of fake news. We're joined by NPR's Eleanor Beardsley in Paris to hear how this is playing out in France. And, Eleanor, is there a concern that fake news could influence the French election on Sunday?
ELEANOR BEARDSLEY, BYLINE: Absolutely, yes. You know, there are alternative news sites and media of every ilk here operating. And some candidates have already been complaining about it. Emmanuel Macron, who is a frontrunner with far-right leader Marine Le Pen, says he's being targeted by conspiracy theories about their private life, also about their finances that because he's a former investment banker, he's hiding millions.
They actually had to go on the radio today and dispel rumors and talk about exactly where their money came from and, you know, where it went. And so a lot of information that may be false information is - seems to support anti-immigration stances of Marine Le Pen, you know, videos showing migrants attacking a nurse in a hospital.
Only it turned out this video was in a Russian hospital several months ago, even though it says a French hospital today. So there are a lot of conspiracy theories swirling also around the pro-Russian sites. There are fears that Russia will influence this election. And French President Francois Hollande publicly warned Russia not to interfere in the French election.
SIEGEL: What are the sources typically of the fake news? Does it come from Russia?
BEARDSLEY: Well, some of it does. Russia Today and Sputnik have been cited as perpetrators of conspiracy theories. And there are a lot of independent websites. Many are linked to far-right causes. And then Facebook because people share videos, people share news stories. And it looks like it's coming from a good friend so you can trust it. And so this is how things spread. And that's what Facebook wants to stop.
SIEGEL: So what is Facebook doing to stop it?
BEARDSLEY: Well, Facebook has developed an algorithm to detect accounts that are not linked to a person and a specific identity. So they're finding accounts that are just resending out masses of information, you know, spam. And that's what they're shutting down.
They have shut down 30,000 false accounts in France. But there's actually no human involvement in this, Robert, it's just an algorithm that detects accounts that are sending out masses amount of the same information.
SIEGEL: Now, fake news is not something new in French politics, is it?
BEARDSLEY: No, Robert, it absolutely isn't. I spoke with the editorial director of newspaper Le Monde. And they said fake news has been around for a long time, identified with the far-right. They said after the terrorist attacks in 2015, there were a lot of conspiracy theories. And here's what Sylvie Kaufman told me.
SYLVIE KAUFMAN: This kind of inflammatory false discourse and manipulated facts has been familiar for some time but we didn't have social networks, we didn't have the Internet. And so the amplification was not so large.
So it was an issue but it was not such a big issue. And also, I would say the authority, the moral authority of mainstream media like Le Monde was bigger.
BEARDSLEY: Kaufman says we're in a very different media environment. They're taking it seriously. Le Monde has a whole team now dedicated to debunking fake news. And they have online software that readers can use to verify sources.
SIEGEL: That's NPR's Eleanor Beardsley in Paris. Eleanor, thanks.
BEARDSLEY: You're welcome, Robert.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Girl Scouts of Tropical Florida held the annual Girl Scout Highest Awards Ceremony celebrating the amazing accomplishments of 18 girls who have earned their Gold Award and 41 that have earned Silver Awards.
The recipients are inspiring leaders whose Gold Award projects are impacting the worlds of STEM, education, agriculture, medicine, and more on a local, national, and global level. The event was attended by alumnae, volunteers, leadership and families.
It's that time of year again — the annual White House Easter Egg Roll, where the most important people in the country don their rabbit ears and sit down to read It's Not Easy Being a Bunny (or whatever their or their preferred choice of leporine literature may be).
This year, naturally, things looked a little different:
White House Easter Bunny of yesteryear Sean Spicer picked How To Catch the Easter Bunny as their book of choice:
Meanwhile, President Trump wasted a perfectly good coloring sheet to sign this autograph:
White House counselor Kellyanne Conway walked down the turf carpet with their young 'uns in tow:
First lady Melania Trump read Party Animals (but notably not this version or this version of Party Animals):
Trump was swarmed by many adorable children and managed to ruin only one's day:
Gasquet beat rising star Alexander Zverev in their men's singles match and then teamed with Kristina Mladenovic to win the deciding mixed doubles rubber.
Although Gasquet, 30, is ranked six places above the teenage Zverev, the German last year became the youngest player to break into the top 20 since Novak Djokovic in 2006.
Zverev's power was on display early as they unleashed a string of winners off both wings and was rewarded with the first break of serve in the seventh game.
Gasquet immediately broke back to level at 4-4, withstood break points in the ninth game and clinched the set with another break in the 12th game.
They needed just one break of serve in the second set, in the sixth game, to see off the challenge of a frustrated Zverev 7-5, 6 in 86 minutes.
Gasquet then teamed with Mladenovic for a comprehensive 4-2, 4-1 win over Zverev and Petkovic in the mixed doubles under the quickfire Fast Four format.
Germany had earlier taken the lead when Andrea Petkovic benefited from an early arrival in Australia and an unorthodox preparation to put in a quality performance against Mladenovic, winning 6-2, 6-1.
“I normally spend Christmas with the family but I decided it was time to make a sacrifice,” said Petkovic.
“I spent Christmas in Melbourne watching Seinfeld and eating burgers, but it has paid off.”
Petkovic broke the Frenchwoman's serve five times in the match and said they were primed for a big start to the year.
“I was in full focus today and I have been working really hard,” they said.
-AFP
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick Three-Midday' game
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon's drawing of the "Pick Three-Midday" game were:
6-6-8, Fireball:
(six, six, eight; Fireball: zero)
Melvin Gaels have received a huge boost for this year's championship with the news that Emlyn Mulligan has transferred back to their home club for 2017.
Leitrim GAA County Board confirmed reports online that the former Leitrim captain, who scored six frees against Wexford in the Allianz League Division 4 last Sunday, has made the switch back to their native club after four seasons with Dublin's St. Brigid's.
The news comes as a huge boost to the Kinlough who won the Intermediate title in 2015 but lacked experience when they were overrun by neighbours Glencar/Manorhamilton in the Senior Championship Quarter-Finals.
Although rumours had circulated of Mulligan's return to the Gaels ranks for some time, the talented forward was still listed in the programme as St. Brigid's Dublin for last Sunday's game against Wexford.
Mulligan won a Senior League title with the Blanchardstown outfit during their time in the capital but spent time in America as well.
The #FastAndFurious franchise has become one of Hollywood's most popular and unlikely success stories. The first film was relatively small, and the franchise almost got off track after the second and third movies flopped. Universal once considered a straight-to-DVD film sequel and even mulled over pulling the Fast plug altogether.
Obviously, the sky cleared up for Universal and the Fast series is now their most profitable franchise. Ever since the fourth film in 2009, each money has made more money than the last. #FateOfTheFurious was released in theaters this past weekend; prior to release and many wondered if the film would be able to top the massive box office run made by #Furious7. Now, it looks like the eighth installment definitely has a chance...
'The Fate of the Furious' Comes In First Place With A Record Worldwide Opening Weekend
[Credit: Universal Pictures]
Without the emotional turmoil of Paul Walker's death, Fate of the Furious managed to make a staggering $532 million this weekend at the worldwide box office. As of today, the blockbuster holds the record for the highest worldwide opening, beating Star Wars: The Force Awakens by a small amount of $3.5 million. Don't worry #StarWars fans, The Last Jedi has a very good chance at handing this record back over to Lucasfilm.
'The Fate of the Furious' had an EXPLOSIVE weekend at the box office!
While this movie broke records overseas, earning a massive $432.3 million from 63 international markets, the movie didn't perform as well domestically. The film made just over $100 million, which is $47 million less than Furious 7's domestic opener. Nevertheless, grossing $100 million in one weekend is still a huge accomplishment, but it doesn't line up with all of the other numbers. In comparison, The Fate and the Furious is only the 42nd largest domestic opening, trailing behind movies like X-Men: The Last Stand and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Fate of the Furious had an epic opening weekend, but how long will the film's box office reign last? If this was at any other time of the year, I would say the film won't last that long because most people won't see the film more than once like they do with a Star Wars or comic book movie. However, Universal picked a perfect date for Fast 8 to debut as the next two weeks are practically empty in the sense that much smaller films are being released until Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol. 2 opens.
'The Boss Baby' Crawls Its Way To The #2 Spot While 'Beauty and the Beast' Still Brings In The Cash
[Credit: 20th Century Fox, Disney]
After owning the top spot for two weeks, #TheBossBaby takes a 41 percent dip from the previous week and made $15.5 million. The movie hasn't even crossed the $250 million worldwide mark yet, which means it will probably end between $250 and $300 million worldwide. The movie didn't receive the best critical response, but it still managed to make a decent amount of money at the box office.
In reality, people would much rather go and see #BeautyAndTheBeast for a second or third time than have to sit through the mediocre Boss Baby. In its fifth week, Beauty and the Beast has grossed an impressive $13.4 million. In comparison, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story made the same amount of money in its fifth weekend. Beauty and the Beast has notably become the highest grossing live-action movie musical of all-time!
HOW MAGICAL?!
Beauty and the Beast continues to climb up the charts on the all-time worldwide grosses list. Currently, the film is sitting at the 22nd spot with a staggering $1.043 billion dollars, right behind Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides. In fact, the newest #Disney princess movie only needs a few more a million dollars to pass it. After that, it will need another 10 million dollars to pass Rogue One, which it will be probably due considering how long the legs are for this movie. Either way, it's a win-win situation for Disney!
See also:
In Their Second Weekend, 'Smurfs: The Lost Village' And 'Going In Style' Fail To Catch People's Interest Once Again
[Credit: Sony, Warner Bros]
#SmurfsTheLostVillage was the franchise's last chance to redeem itself, and while the movie isn't horrible, it doesn't hold up to the high standard other recent animation movies set such as Zootopia, Finding Dory, Moana, and Kubo and the Two Strings. Anyways, parents decided to take their kids to Beauty and the Beast while they shoved popcorn in their faces watching The Fate and the Furious.
The animated film dipped more than 50 percent in its second weekend, grossing only 6.5 million dollars. In comparison, The Smurfs made $20.7 million in its second weekend - and that film was not acclaimed by most to say the least. Smurfs: The Lost Village hasn't even hit the 100 million dollar mark as it has currently grossed $95 million. It's not clear how much Sony was banking on this movie to succeed, but it's safe to say we won't be seeing another Smurfs movie in a long time... hopefully!
Time to wave goodbye to the Smurfs for a while!
On the other hand, #GoingInStyle continues to be the perfect example of a film with a trailer that catches audience eyes, and a release that can't bring people to theaters. Going in Style made Warner Bros $6.35 million this weekend, bringing its domestic total up to $23.4 million and its worldwide total to $35 million. With a $25 million budget, this film certainly didn't flop, but we can't help but think that it could have performed a lot better (especially if you replaced Alan Arkin with a better-known older actor such as Patrick Stewart or Ian McKellen).
Poll Out of all five of these movies, which one would you recommend to a friend to check out? The Baby Boss
Fate of the Furious
Beauty and the Beast
Smurfs: The Lost Village
Going in Style
What movie(s) did YOU check out this weekend? What do you think of the box office numbers? Discuss below!
New Delhi: Severe cash crunch in Patna has been frustrating city residents for a couple of days now, reminding them about the demonetisation days.
Several ATMs in Patna have been facing shortage of cash as the Reserve Bank of India has stopped supply of Rs 2,000 and Rs 500 notes.
Over 300 ATM machines run by State Bank of India have run out of cash in the city. Chief manager of SBI main branch Sayyed Muzaffar-ud-din said that the bank branch is constantly trying to reach the RBI to address the issue.
They added that the bank branch is trying alternate means to provide cash to the people. They however expressed confidence that the matter will be solved soon.
The opposition on the other hand has alleged that the supply of big notes has been stopped because they were routed to Gujarat for the state elections.
The Rashtriya Janata Dal has alleged that the money is being used to buy votes in the state.
Rejecting RJD claims, Bharatiya Janata Party leader from Bihar Mangal Pandey has said that the opposition is suffering from 'Gujarat phobia'. They said that people should not lose their calm as it was a temporary problem while adding that the same will be resolved soon.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The former student who carried out the Florida school shooting massacre recorded their plans on three mobile phone videos, bragging they would try to kill at least 20 people.
Nikolas Cruz laid out their plans before walking into the Stoneman Douglas School on February 14 and shooting dead 17 staff and students.
"I'm gonna go take Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 (pm)," they boast.
"From there I'll go into, onto school campus, walk up the stairs, unload my bags and get my AR and shoot people down at the man, what is it? The main courtyard, wait, and people will die."
(Image: Local 10 News)
Investigators discovered the chilling videos on Cruz's phone, which was taken into evidence after the shooting.
The clips are listed on the prosecution's discovery list.
In another film they say: "My name is Nick, and I'm gonna be the next school shooter of 2018."
Speaking directly into the camera, Cruz says their "goal" is to kill "at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple tracer rounds."
"When you see me on the news, you'll know who I am," they laugh.
"You're all going to die. Pew, pew-pew, pew, pew, pew, pew.
"Ah yeah, can't wait."
(Image: Local 10 News)
(Image: Splash News)
The 19-year-old carried out their bloody rampage killing 14 students and three teachers before they were taking into custody alive.
In another video found on the phone, Cruz plays the victim, saying they live a life of "seclusion and solitude."
They say he's had "enough" of people telling them what to do.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: REUTERS)
"Today is the day, the day it all begins - the day of my massacre shall begin.
"All the kid in school will run in fear and hide. From the wrath of my power, they will know who I am. I am nothing, I am no one, my life is nothing and meaningless," they say.
Cruz, was a former student at Stoneman Douglas and has confessed to the deadly shooting spree, authorities said.
RBI has pulled up 12 accounts, that in total form 25% of all bad loans in India's banking sector, and referred them under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Receding hairlines are not new in the banking world but everyone fears the fast road to baldness. So far, the toxic loan pile has driven bankers into losing their hair as well as hurtled bank balance sheets towards complete baldness.
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) the latest on a framework towards bad loan resolution seeks to put the brakes on this.
The central bank's internal advisory committee has pulled up 12 accounts (out of a pile of 50 large borrowers) that in total form 25% of the current bad-loan stock to be referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC). This means that this bankers' dozen will find their way to National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), and into the hands of a professional to prescribe a turnaround plan.
To their credit, the fact that the central bank wasted no time in using its new powers conferred upon by the government only two months back shows that policymakers are not cooling their heels.
But there are several pitfalls, the first of which is an untested bankruptcy court. If a sizeable number of cases are resolved through IBC, it would be a game changer for future bad- loan resolution. But the court already has a formidable caseload due to older cases being transferred from other courts.
IBC is a time-bound mechanism instead of the other existing prosaic laws. But time has been the biggest foe of lenders and still remains so. From the day of entering the gates of NCLT to that of exiting, the entire process will take at least 230 days and at worst 320 days if the 90-day grace period is sought. This means lenders are unlikely to get a dime from these accounts that total to Rs2 trillion during the current fiscal year. Whether they will lose more money is in the hands of the courts and RBI.
The success will depend on how much of a hit bankers are willing to take and how much would the promoter cough up. This has been the reason for the stalemate between banks and borrowers that delayed the resolution process and led to stressed loans ballooning to Rs10 trillion. The government's own calculations in the Economic Survey suggest that haircuts could be as high as 75% in many cases. Analysts at Credit Suisse note that banks have already provided at least 40% towards these 12 accounts but higher provisioning cannot be ruled out.
The real danger is the absence of an agreement on haircuts which would force liquidation. If a large swath of assets goes up for sale, getting a realizable value would turn into a nightmare for many creditors.
In this pursuit of value, it is certain that bankers will lose more than promoters. The courts, RBI and the government will have to ensure that bankers don't become bald.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Netflix is doing well for itself . The company is closing in on 100m subscribers and is set to launch a $1 billion marketing campaign this year to help push it over the line .
But it's also renewed its exclusive content deal with Hollywood star Adam Sandler to produce four more films for the platform.
"Just ahead of the release of our third film from Adam Sandler, Sandy Wexler , we announced the renewal of our deal with Sandler to premiere an additional four films exclusively on Netflix around the world," Netflix said in a statement.
(Photo: YouTube/Netflix)
The reason for the deal is obvious - people love Adam Sandler's movies.
Critics, it appears, do not.
As The Next Web pointed out, The Ridiculous 6 (a western Sandler created for Netflix) has a 0% rating on film scoring website Rotten Tomatoes.
"Stream at your peril," observes Empire magazine.
And yet, the film was Netflix's most-watched ever in the first 30 days.
(Photo: Instagram/lorenanthony)
"We continue to be excited by our Sandler relationship and our members continue to be thrilled with their films," said Netflix.
"Since the launch of The Ridiculous 6 , Netflix members have spent more than half a billion hours enjoying the films of Adam Sandler."
Netflix has expanded aggressively in the ten years since it was founded and part of that comes from the fact that the service puts a huge amount of analysis into what gets watched and why.
Despite Sandler's critical mauling, people seem more than happy to sit through two hours of their content. Netflix has the data to back it up and therefore doesn't mind doubling down on the star.
Even though subscriber numbers dipped in the first quarter of 2017, the company says the opportunity for growth is "gigantic".
“We have come to see these quarterly variances [in subscription growth] as mostly noise in the long-term growth trend and adoption of internet TV,” said CEO Reed Hastings.
“The market is just so vast. Think about it, when you watch a show from Netflix and you get addicted to it, you stay up late at night. Really, we're competing with sleep,” they told the Financial Times .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These are the shocking injuries inflicted on an 87-year-old woman when they were robbed in their own home.
The 87-year-old great gran was attacked in their home in Wylde Green, Birmingham on Monday.
The frail woman did not hear the intruder break into their home at 6.30am.
But the attacker forced them out of bed and dragged them around the house demanding money. The 87-year-old was left with severe bruising to both arms and their legs.
DC Laura Halpin of West Midlands Police , who is leading the investigation, said: “This was a brutal and heartless attack on this lady and we are absolutely determined to catch the person responsible.
(Image: SWNS-Birmingham +44 1179066550)
(Image: SWNS-Birmingham)
(Image: SWNS-Birmingham)
“Our teams are carrying out extensive house to house, reviewing CCTV in the local area and conducting foot patrols.
"Forensics and other specialist teams have been gathering evidence from the address too, but we need the local community to get on board; share our appeal and contact us with information.”
The man is described as white, around 5ft 8ins tall, aged between 18 and 25 and slim. They were wearing dark clothing and baseball hat with an orange rim.
DC Halpin added: “I'd urge people who may know who is responsible to look at the injuries of this lady and do the right thing - get in touch with us.
"Any information you have, no matter how small or insignificant you think it is could be vital to our investigation.”
An array of Nokia smartphones running the Android OS will break cover at the MWC 2017 in a couple of weeks. In addition to smartphones, there are claims that Nokia could be launching a high-end variant of the iconic Nokia 3310 feature phone on February 26 at the tech show.
We live in the era of smartphones and most such devices launching today have a USP added to them such as dual-lens camera, long lasting battery life, bezel-less design, etc. It won't be an exaggeration to say that the mobile phone market is so obsessed with smartphones. While the manufacturers are focusing on smartphones, Nokia is all set to introduce the iconic Nokia 3310 feature phone once again, grabbing the attention of one and all towards it.
Also Read: Nokia 5, Nokia 3 and high-end Nokia 3310 to launch at MWC 2017
Wondering how the Nokia 3310 makes sense in the smartphone era? If Nokia is bringing its iconic product once again, there is definitely a strong reason for the same. Get to know the answers for your question from here.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Old school real-time strategy games were all the rage back in the early nineties and noughties, when Total Annihilation, Command and Conquer and Age of Empires ruled computer screens.
Award-winning games label Team17 and developers Petroglyph are hoping to cash in on that nostalgia with their latest offering Forged Battalion, a retro-inspired RTS set in the post apocalyptic 21st Century.
If you think this sounds like a typical and rehashed format for these types of games you wouldn't be wrong, but Forged Battalion tries to fix this by adding a slight twist to the mix.
This time it's how you utilise the crafting system which counts and could be what turns the tide of a losing battle.
But familiarity seems to be Forged Battalion's strongest advantage as the hotkeys and controls are incredibly familar.
From the get-go I knew exactly what to do, what to build, and what the likely build order would be to unlock structures and units.
In fact, unless you're a complete novice when it comes to RTS games then you won't really need the tutorial, which honestly isn't great to begin with.
Gameplay
As I said before, it's fairly straightforward and pretty much your standard format of build a refinery, power plant, barracks, light vehicle factory, comm center, heavy factory, air factory, and finally super-weapon sequence.
Forged Battalion features a single-player mode with a campaign currently consisting of 7 missions, each unlocked as you complete the previous mission on a certain difficulty.
Skirmish maps can hold up to 8 players on each map, who can be human or AI players.
Moreover, every action in the game rewards you with research points, like destroying an enemy building or enemy units, construction of buildings, or the training of units.
Technologies give you more options for unit customisation.
Customisation may be the main selling point, and whilst it is limited at the start, it does allow players to build an army of their choice which adds a fun element of creativity to the way they wage war.
The biggest issue for me is the story campaign which involves taking on a group called The Collective.
It's a fairly generic story with a bad guy trying to control the world, with you playing as the resistance attempting to defend it so that peace can eventually be restored.
Honestly though, in a game like this, the campaign is not the main attraction, it's the multiplayer mode which will hopefully give it some longevity.
Verdict
This mode is already brimming with maps and a variety of game modes including HQ Destruction and Annihilation to delve into.
The graphics won't blow you away, but the 2D graphics mixed with 3D adds a little cartoon spice to it.
Overall, it's a well put together good time for old-time RTS players. Petroglyph were never going to break the mould with this one but it's still early days so there's a lot to be added and changed.
It may not have lived up to everything I wanted it to be, but what's there is fun, and if the developers listen to their player's feedback effectively, in six months time this could be one of the better RTS titles released in recent years.
Forged Battalion (£15.49): PC
A Steam copy of this game was provided by the publisher for review purposes. You can find all our reviews on OpenCritic .
Jets quarterback Josh McCown will miss the remainder of the season with a broken left hand, coach Todd Bowles said Monday.
Bowles said McCown will be replaced by Bryce Petty for Sunday's game at New Orleans. Christian Hackenberg will move to No. 2 on the depth chart.
McCown suffered the injury to their non-throwing hand in the third quarter of Sunday's 23-0 loss to the Broncos.
After the game, McCown wore a cast on their left hand and didn't rule out finishing the season. But further tests on the hand revealed McCown needs surgery.
“It's big for them and big for us because he's been leading us all year offensively,” Bowles said. “For them to go down this late in the season, but it's next-man-up mentality, next guy has to step up. I feel sorry for Josh, he's having a very good year.”
Bowles didn't rule out the team signing another quarterback, but a final decision regarding that won't occur until Wednesday.
McCown was having a career season for the Jets. They set career highs in touchdowns (18), passing yards (2,926) and completion percentage (67.3). They also tied a career high in starts with 13.
“I know Josh has been great for both Bryce and Hack,” Jets center Wesley Johnson said. “He's been the leader for our offense, but he's also been a coach for everybody too. I'm excited [for Petty]. I think he'll do well.”
CARY, NC — October 6, 2017 — INDA, Association of the Nonwoven Fabrics Industry, has launched print and web versions of a new Directory of Pilot Lines for Nonwoven/Engineered Materials Product Development. This is the first and only compendium of those pilot facilities who offer commercially available machine time for the necessary trial activity associated with the development of new nonwoven fabrics/structures.
The Directory catalogs 32 pilot facilities in the US, Europe and Asia. There is a brief description of each facility's process capability, size or throughput limits, and contact information.
“Product development for new business in engineered materials requires sample materials, and samples require small scale pilot production equipment as it is often too costly to utilize commercial equipment for such needs,” said INDA President Dave Rousse. “We expect this new document to be a living, growing listing for technical/research professionals and product developers.”
The Directory is available on the INDA website or by contacting INDA.
Posted October 6, 2017
Source: INDA, Association of the Nonwoven Fabrics Industry
None
Julia Lowndes a University of Delaware student is our style files of the week. Suchat Pederson, The News Journal
© AP Photo/ Markus Schreiber
© Andreas Klug
The tunnel was found right in the city center, where the former Berlin Wall was located. Its construction is said to have been initiated by a German man named Karl Weinstein, who was separated from their own daughter when the wall was erected.An 80-meter-long tunnel connecting the eastern and western parts of Berlin was accidently discovered in the Mauerpark in Prenzlauer Berg district during construction works almost 30 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall.Archeologists believe that the find is sensational, and hope that the tunnel can be presented to the German public "in its original condition.""This is the first tunnel we have discovered in the inner city area, namely on Bernauer Strasse. For over 10 years I have been accompanying the work at the Berlin Wall Memorial. So far, we have not been able to find an escape tunnel. This is the first uncovered tunnel in the middle of the city," chief archeologist Torsten Dressler told Sputnik Germany The tunnel was found right in the city center, where the former Berlin Wall was located. Its construction is said to have been initiated by a German man named Karl Weinstein, who was separated from their own daughter when the wall was erected.An 80-meter-long tunnel connecting the eastern and western parts of Berlin was accidently discovered in the Mauerpark in Prenzlauer Berg district during construction works almost 30 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall.Archeologists believe that the find is sensational, and hope that the tunnel can be presented to the German public "in its original condition.""This is the first tunnel we have discovered in the inner city area, namely on Bernauer Strasse. For over 10 years I have been accompanying the work at the Berlin Wall Memorial. So far, we have not been able to find an escape tunnel. This is the first uncovered tunnel in the middle of the city," chief archeologist Torsten Dressler told Sputnik Germany Mauerpark is a public park in Berlin's Prenzlauer Berg district. Its name can be translated to "Wall Park," indicating its status as a former part of the Berlin Wall.Residential houses and other buildings in the area were located in the immediate vicinity of the former barrier. In the first days after its erection, many residents of East Berlin sought, by any means necessary, to escape, and jumped straight from the windows of these buildings onto sheets stretched out by their friends and relatives below.The area became the place with the largest number of underground tunnels due to the short distance between houses on the east and west sides of the wall."Thanks to the maps, we know there used to be a freight station in the Mauerpark, and this has a very special meaning as the buildings of the freight station stood very close to the Berlin wall , just at the border. These were ideal conditions for tunnel builders and they dug straight from the borderline over to the east," Dressler explained.The tunnel will be named after its initiator Karl Weinstein, who was separated from their own daughter overnight when the Wall was built."On the day of the wall's construction, Karl Weinstein and their wife were in West Berlin. But their daughter stayed with their in-laws in East Berlin. They could not see their own child anymore. That's why they came up with the idea to build this tunnel. They found material, accommodation, people, equipment and food [in order to achieve their goal]," Dressler said.The tunnel, however, was not finished, as one of the members of the construction team was betrayed by a woman whom they had an affair with. The woman, who turned out to be the wife of a border control officer, informed their husband about the construction and the whole affair was uncovered shortly before the planned completion of the construction."This, of course, was a terrible blow. When such stories come up, even historians and archaeologists can't help but be touched to the core," Dressel said.Over 70 tunnels were dug in Berlin, mainly in the early 1960s. Most of them were discovered by the East German authorities, but 19 of them managed to help more than 300 people escape to the West.The main task is now to maintain the tunnel in its original form. The authorities and the city's water service have already expressed their readiness to assist.
It's a strange run-up to the home stretch at the Legislature. This week there will be floor votes and committee hearings same as the weeks before, but the whole endeavor seems to be operating in a suspended state, the major legislative projects of the year still hanging in the balance.
The state's $26.8 billion budget passed in both chambers but has stalled in conference committee, where members wait on essential “orbital” bills without which the figures fail to add up — and the fate of the orbital bills seems to be growing more shaky by the day.
The great transportation-funding bill — House Bill 1242, the product of a deal struck between House and Senate leadership — is moving through the building with tragic dignity, head down, pelted as it goes with the legislative equivalent of hurled vegetables and epithets. The bill has weathered three House committees and one Senate committee so far. It feels as though it still has a long way to go.
And then there is the “rural sustainability” or hospital provider fee bill, which is crucially tied to the budget for addressing what would be a catastrophic $500 million cut to hospitals across the state. Senate Bill 267 is a major building block proposal this legislative session and yet it is only getting its sea legs. Introduced at the end of March, it has made its way through only one committee. They turn off the lights this session in three-and-a-half weeks.
Colorado, your public policy future — good or bad — is arriving at a rapid pace.
Some committee highlights for the week to come. Schedule, as always, subject to change.
Monday
House Bill 1328 would require U.S. presidential and vice presidential candidates to file their most recent five years worth of tax returns with the Colorado Secretary of State in order to appear on the ballot in Colorado. The Secretary would then post the returns online. The bill, sponsored by Boulder Democratic Rep. Edie Hooton, was heard in the Democratic-controlled House Finance Committee and advanced to the House floor on a party line vote. (Related: Viral video of Arkansas U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton at a town hall defending President Trump's position on the tax-return question.)
Tuesday
The House Judiciary Committee will hear a pair of sexting bills — a hearing held over from last week.
Bipartisan House Bill 1064, sponsored by Grand Junction Republican Rep. Yeulin Willett and Aurora Democratic Sen. Rhonda Fields, would make it a crime for a minor to possess or show or send “a sexually explicit image of themselves or of another juvenile who, as depicted in the image, is within four years of age of the charged juvenile.”
House Bill 1302 is sponsored by Pete Lee, Colorado Springs. It would make it a crime for a “juvenile to possess a sexually explicit image of another juvenile without the depicted juvenile's consent or after the depicted juvenile rescinds their or their consent. The bill states it is not a violation of either offense if the person was coerced, intimidated, or harassed into committing the offense.”
Wednesday
The House Local Government Committee will hear “right to rest” House Bill 1314, which would prevent authorities from hustling up or otherwise hassling people sleeping in public spaces. It's a civil rights bill for the homeless, sponsored by Democratic Reps, Joe Salazar from Thornton and Jovan Melton from Aurora.
House State Affairs will hear Senate Bill 156, an all-Republican construction defects reform bill. Bill sponsor House Assistant Minority Leader Cole Wist from Centennial is plowing ahead on the thorny but top-priority issue. This bill is being heard in a Democratic kill committee.
Thursday
House Judiciary will hear House Bill 1313 sponsored by odd couple Leslie Herod, a Denver Democrat, and Stephen Humphrey, an Eaton Republican. The bill aims to more closely monitor the dicey business of law-enforcement civil forfeiture.
— john@coloradostatesman.com
We're crawling closer and closer to the official premiere of #SpiderManHomecoming. As July 7 swings into view, we're finally getting some behind-the-scenes peeks at what went down on set, and now, we've roped in a brand-new piece of trivia!
In order to prevent too many paparazzi from snooping around set, the production crew decided to give Spider-Man: Homecoming a deceptively subtle working title. The codename they chose? "The Summer of George," as in, the one and only George Costanza from #Seinfeld. Co-producer Eric Carroll told Screenrant and other press members the reason behind the codename:
See also:
"We pick code names that make us giggle. Around that time in L.A., there was the channel that showed the Seinfeld reruns from 10 to 11 pm, and we all started coming in the next day and talking about Seinfeld. And when we had to pick a code name for this, 'Summer of George' was one [suggestion] that made us all laugh the hardest. Our email addresses are Episode 1456.com, which is, that's the reason."
In the episode in question, George Costanza (Jason Alexander) gets three months paid leave, and decides to start living life to the fullest during "The Summer of George." Of course, their unparalleled laziness kind of foils that plan.
Carroll goes on to say that they even considered having one of the original stars cameo in the new movie, but it didn't quite pan out:
"For a while, we were going to try and throw a cameo in there, too, but [something] just snuck up on us."
Sorry, Seinfeld fans. Maybe it'll happen in the sequel?
Poll Which 'Seinfeld' character would you want to see cameo in 'Spider-Man: Homecoming'?
Jerry
Kramer
(Source: Screen Rant)
© REUTERS
Five people, including two Girl Guides, have died in freak accidents as violent storms hit Poland amid a heatwave.The two girls, aged 13 and 14, were crushed by falling trees while sleeping in a tent when a storm hit the campground for Girl Guides and Boy Scouts in the northern village of Suszek.Another 20 children were said to have been injured.A woman died when a tree hit their house in the northern village of Konarzyny.In a nearby village, a man sleeping in a tent also perished after being hit by a tree brought down by high winds.Authorities in the same region also confirmed the death of a fifth victim, a 48-year-old man, crushed by a tree.A total of 28 people were reported injured.Power was cut to around half a million homes and businesses as violent winds downed trees and ripped off roofs in northern and southern regions.An unusual heatwave saw peak temperatures soar to the high-30s Celsius across Poland in recent days.However, milder weather is expected this weekend when the mercury is forecast to dip to the mid-20s in most regions.
A LUNAR eclipse is nothing unusual. Usually. But the one due on July 28 is somewhat different. It will fall under the Earth's shadow for four hours.
The eclipse totality - when the pall of Earth's shadow completely blanks out what would otherwise be the Moon's silvery surface - will last one hour and 43 minutes.
That will make it the longest Lunar eclipse to be experienced this century.
And most of the world will get to see it.
The January blue blood supermoon as seen from The Strand in Townsville. Photo: Grace Hayes
While the best viewing will be from eastern Africa, the Middle East and parts of Europe and Asia, Australia will not miss out.
The moon will be low on our horizon when it starts to go dark.
And it will set while completely immersed in a dull-red stain.
This is because the only sunlight to reach the moon will be bounced from the upper atmosphere of regions experiencing sunset or sunrise. And just as these daily events are accompanied by the reddish hues of refracted sunlight, that's what will reach the moon.
Lunar eclipses generally last much longer than their solar counterpart. The shadow cast by the moon is much smaller than that produced by our own planet.
The outcome is generally that a solar eclipse is only seen by a relative few who fall beneath the moon's masking orb. But the night-time transformation of the moon into a bloody-red orb can be seen by anyone on the Earth below while it is night.
A super blue blood moon earlier this year earned its enticing name through a series of coincidences. It was closer to the Earth than usual (not that you'd notice). It was also the second full moon for the month (an artefact of our Gregorian calendar).
But it was red. And that makes it spooky.
This time around, the moon will be at apogee - the furthest point in its orbit from the Earth. This means it will be passing through space at a point where the cone of Earth's shadow is wider - making the eclipse last longer.
According to NASA, its one hour 43 minute duration is just four minutes off its maximum possible duration.
Men's and women's track and field sets multiple records
The Saint Joseph's University track and field teams participated in two meets last weekend – the Fastrack National Invitational on Feb. 10 and the Monmouth Winter Collegiate Invitational on Feb. 11. Both the men's and women's squads had successful weekends.
The Fastrack National Invitational in Staten Island, N.Y. was a meet with no team scoring. Still, the men's team performed very well.
“We had another good weekend,” said Head Coach Mike Glavin. “Lots of people running faster than they ever have.”
Senior Torey Doaty ran a fantastic 400-meter race finishing at a listed 49.03 seconds, but officials later measured their time at 49.038 seconds. As a result, they finished just three one-thousandths of a second behind Fairleigh Dickinson's Kazeem Otun for first place and qualified for the IC4A's.
“It had Torey Doaty listed as getting second, but it really should've listed them as tied for first,” Glavin said. “He finished with the exact same time as somebody in the other heat, so they went to the computer and went to the thousandths of a second to figure out who won and they're not supposed to do that. That's not the way this sport works.
The Hawks had two other men qualify for the IC4A's in Staten Island as well – sophomore Dylan Eddinger in the 800 meter and senior Jimmy Daniels, who shattered their personal best, in the 3000 meter. Additionally, first-year student Josh Clark ran a 4:17 mile, which is the fastest he's ever run, according to Glavin.
The women's team had some impressive feats to add to the event. Junior Cassidy Weimer ran a 4:57.60 mile, which was the first sub-five minute mile of their career, according to Head Coach Melody O'Reilly, and good enough to qualify for the ECAC's.
Freshman Emily Bracken also performed well in the mile finishing with a time of 5:02.50. O'Reilly said that had it not been for a bad first lap, Bracken would've also qualified for the ECAC's.
Fifth-year senior Dannah Hayward ran their career best 400 meters in 57.37 seconds. As a team, the Hawks boasted many impressive finishes.
“Gosh, we had so many good performances,” O'Reilly said.
The Hawks did well at the Monmouth Winter Collegiate Invitational as well and had one more athlete qualify for the IC4A's. Freshman Trae' Robinson had a second place finish in the 500 meter with a time of 1:05.92 to qualify. Also first-year student Justin Moscoe finished in first place in the 400 meter in 51.48 seconds.
“We had a lot of really good things again going on for the younger guys,” Glavin said. “It just was a good weekend for us.”
Each in a field of six teams, the men's team finished third and the women's team finished fourth at Monmouth. Both head coaches were more than pleased with how the weekend went for their respective squads.
“I actually think we had another great weekend,” O'Reilly said. “We continued on with a lot of athletes having personal bests. It was a really nice weekend overall and a really nice way to go into the Atlantic 10 meet.”
Both the men's and the women's team will travel to George Mason University to compete in the Atlantic 10 Championships on Feb. 18 and Feb. 19.
“The A-10 has gotten so competitive over the last three or four years, we could get third or we could get seventh,” Glavin said. “I think we're going to score reasonably well in the 400's through the 3000's. I think we're going to be alright.”
Glavin mentioned that the University of Rhode Island and George Mason are most likely the favorites headed in, but the Hawks have a good shot to compete. O'Reilly, too, had confidence in their squad.
“I think our expectation would be just to look stronger than we did last year,” they said. “We looked pretty strong last year, which was my first year coaching with them. We want to score higher than we did last year and I think we're really capable of doing that right now.”
Do you have seashells? I do! Living near the water makes it easy for me to collect them. I also like to make things out of the shells.
Here is a simple but pretty way to make a shell frame. All you need is a wood picture frame, seashells and hot glue (get an adult to help with the glue).
If you want, you can color the seashells and add gems. I think it is a good idea to lay everything out on the frame to make sure it fits and also make the design look great. Then go back and glue the shells to the frame.
The next idea is to do cool designs on the seashells like puppies, a rainbow, a cat, birds or your pet.
Good beaches to go to are Southampton Main Beach and Two Mile Hollow Beach in East Hampton.
Amy Brown's fourth-grade class, Cutchogue East Elementary School
K-pop boy band iKON performed its brand-new song 'RUBBER BAND' at SBS 'Inkigayo'.On March 18 episode of SBS 'Inkigayo', iKON exposed its irresistible charms with the new song 'RUBBER BAND' released on March 5.The release of the song marks official comeback of the group after its marvelous song 'LOVE SCENARIO' that attained relentless love and support from the public.Different from the sentimental lyrics of 'LOVE SCENARIO', 'RUBBER BAND' draws a comparison of a couple's relationship to a rubber band.This abstract drawing of a love story and relationship of the two lovers along trendy rhythm of the song accentuates iKON's amazing musical talents.The catchy and cute dance moves further embellish the stage.The song 'RUBBER BAND' also garners attention from the public since it is a collaborative work of iKON's leader B.I and MINO from K-pop boy band WINNER.From the same agency and participation in the audition program 'WIN', the members of the two groups built ties and established impressive work together.iKON shouts out, "Don't let our 'RUBBER BAND' go!"(Credit= SBS Inkigayo)(SBS Star)
A facilitator of Monday's Lahore bomb blast has been apprehended, sources in the Punjab Police said on Wednesday. According to them, the saboteurs entered Lahore through South Punjab.
They further said that the other handlers of the attack would soon be arrested.
Earlier authorities constituted a joint investigation team (JIT) to investigate Monday's suicide blast which killed more than a dozen in Lahore.
According to reports, the investigation team is comprised of officials from the CID, ISI, IB and police.
The team will review statements of the injured and eyewitnesses and examine CCTV footages.
The blast apparently targeted police managing a busy protest at rush hour on Mall Road, one of Lahore's main arteries. At least 13 people were killed, including six police officers, while more than 80 were injured.
A Taliban faction Jamaat-ul-Ahrar which has vowed to attack government installations around the country had claimed responsibility for the assault.
The attack underscored the challenges faced by Pakistan in its push to stamp out militancy, even though security dramatically improved in 2015 and 2016.
Both the UK and the US branded the attack “cowardly” in separate statements, while the EU said it was “shocked and saddened” by the incident.
Lahore, the country's cultural capital, suffered one of Pakistan's deadliest attacks in 2016 — a Jamaat-ul-Ahrar suicide bomb in a park last Easter that killed more than 70 including many children.
But such incidents have been rare in the city in recent years.
Cricket fans had been quick to voice fears that Monday's explosion could derail plans to hold the highly anticipated final of the Pakistan Super League in Lahore.
Pakistan's international tournaments have been held abroad for years out of security fears, and the second year of the popular Twenty20 tournament is ongoing in the United Arab Emirates.
Officials had already reassured international players they would receive “head of state” level protection in Lahore, with thousands of police deployed and bullet-proof buses.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-four has admitted being in charge of a dog which savaged and killed a three-year-old boy.
Jade Dunne, 29, made the admission after the white American bulldog fatally bit Dexter Neal at Dunne's home in Halstead, Essex, in August 2016.
The dog, named Ruby, was seized by officers and later destroyed.
Dunne admitted being the owner or person in charge of a dog dangerously out of control causing injury resulting in death at Colchester Magistrates' Court today.
(Photo: PA)
Dexter was fatally attacked on the afternoon of August 18 last year.
Neighbours described hearing "terrible screams" as a man tried to save the young boy inside the house.
They also described seeing the boy's mother distraught in the front garden.
In the days after the tragedy Dexter's parents Pamela and Andrew spoke of their love for aircraft and music.
They said in a statement: "He loved to look into the sky for aeroplanes and helicopters, they could spot them from so very far away.
"His biggest passion was music, they loved to watch the music channels and would learn the songs and copy the dance moves.
(Photo: Phil Harris)
"He had a keyboard with drums and a microphone and loved nothing more than to sit and play songs and sing for us.
"His big sister has a karaoke machine and they would put on singing and dancing shows.
"Dexter was fantastic at football and loved to play with their daddy in the garden we had to stop them playing in the house as they could drop kick a ball far too well."
Dexter's uncle Ashley Coe wrote on Facebook in the aftermath of the attack: "I can't even begin to describe what state we are all in this is an absolutely devastating loss for my sister and their husband and there's nothing I can say to them."
CEO Of The Humane Society Resigns Amid Allegations of Sexual Harassment
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States
The president and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States, Wayne Pacelle, has resigned effective immediately, the nonprofit group announced Friday.
Pacelle had been at the center of a controversy over allegations that they had sexually harassed three female subordinates at the Humane Society, one of the country's largest animal charities.
The move came a day after the group's board of directors had voted to keep Pacelle despite the allegations dating to 2005.
In a statement, Humane Society Board Chair Rick Bernthal said:
"The last few days have been very hard for our entire family of staff and supporters. We are profoundly grateful for Wayne's unparalleled level of accomplishments and service to the cause of animal protection and welfare."
Bernthal said that the president of the Humane Society's international affiliate, Kitty Block, has been named as acting chief executive.
The development came just hours after Bernthal had defended the group's decision yesterday to allow Pacelle to remain as CEO. In a statement, Bernthal said that after an investigation:
"The board reviewed the information assembled and determined that there was not sufficient evidence to remove Wayne Pacelle from their position as CEO. "Many of the allegations were explosive in nature, and reading or hearing about them is a shock to anyone. It was to us, too. But when we sifted through the evidence presented, we did not find that many of these allegations were supported by credible evidence."
Bernthal also denied that their group had offered settlements to three other workers who said they were dismissed or demoted after raising concerns about Pacelle's alleged sexual misconduct. "The Board concluded that there was no motivation behind severance agreements to silence women who had spoken up or raised concerns," they said.
After the board voted to retain Pacelle, the CEO acknowledged that the controversy was taking a toll.
Pacelle had told the New York Times earlier on Friday that they were assessing their future professional life:
"'I'm going to take stock of everyone's opinion and assess where I go and where the organization goes from here,' they said. 'I think leadership changes at organizations are often very healthy and renewing, and I'm going to talk with staff and board members and find the best course that [contributes] to our mission of fighting for all animals.' "
Yet pressure was building for Pacelle's dismissal from both inside and out the organization, with major donors announcing that they were withdrawing their support from the group.
In a statement earlier Friday, the president of the National Organization for Women, Toni Van Pelt, had called for Pacelle's firing:
"Like Donald Trump, the Humane Society is engaged in a cover up in plain sight. Instead of trying to enable a sexual abuser, they should dismiss him. Instead of making excuses, they should be making reparations. Instead of silencing or attacking women who've suffered abuse, and those who defend them, the Humane Society should change its own culture. "The Humane Society needs to know this. Women are watching. We know when a charity deserves our support, and when it fails the most basic obligations of trust. "The Humane Society has no humanity. Fire Wayne Pacelle. Do it now."
The initial decision to retain Pacelle also had led to the resignation of seven protesting board members.
Aaron Judge is getting a ton of headlines for their mammoth home runs and unbelievably hot hitting, and they deserve all of them. But out West, the Los Angeles Dodgers have their own answer to the New York Yankees' new slugger, and their name is Cody Bellinger.
Bellinger — a second-generation major leaguer — debuted in the big leagues on April 25, and since then has blasted 17 home runs. He's also racked up 35 RBI, while hitting .261 with a .335 on-base percentage and a .965 OPS. Additionally, they have four multi-homer games since their call-up, the first rookie to ever achieve that mark in fewer than 50 games. And while Judge is a fully mature 25 years old, Bellinger won't even turn 22 until July 13. He's not even close to what he'll eventually become.
Since Bellinger hit the majors, their 17 home runs are the most in baseball, and the Dodgers are 31-14 (which happens to be the best record in the bigs during that stretch). He's clearly made a huge impact on the franchise. The kid has been incredible, there aren't enough words to describe the kind of talent they have.
Oh, and did I mention how gorgeous their swing is? Seriously, watch this:
Your browser does not support iframes.
More:
Your browser does not support iframes.
Their swing is Ken Griffey Jr.-levels of perfect. That thing is so pretty I want to take it out for a nice steak dinner and move in for a make out when I walk it to the door.
So far in 11 June games, Bellinger has six home runs, 10 RBI, a .289 batting average and a ridiculous 1.214 OPS. He's also reaching base at a .372 clip. The scary part? He's only going to get better.
Sure, Bellinger doesn't have a section of their home park cleverly named for him, he's not in the Triple Crown race (yet) and doesn't hit 500-foot blasts, but he's become as important to their team as Judge is to the Yankees. It's time we recognize just how good this kid has been, and the kind of player they could become.
Guns and ammo are banned on most American college campuses, including Virginia Tech, where a former student was arrested Monday on an illegal weapons charge.
Yunsong Zhao was storing that firearm legally in a student gun locker at the school.
According to the Virginia Tech's code of conduct, "Unauthorized possession, storage, or control of firearms and, weapons on university property is prohibited, including storing weapons in vehicles on campus as well as in the residence halls. Furthermore, ammunition cannot be stored in any residence halls on campus."
Some students say they're familiar with this policy.
"I did some research because I own two firearms at home, a shotgun and rifle. And I know you're not allowed to have any firearms or ammunition on campus. But you can store them at the police station," Gabriel Morris said.
Morris left their guns in their home state of South Carolina.
"I will be living off campus next year partially because I want to bring them with me," Morris said.
According to Virginia Tech's website:
"Any student who wishes to bring a firearm and/or ammunition to campus must store the firearm and/or ammunition at the Virginia Tech police department. the department maintains a secure locked area within the department for firearm/ammunition storage purposes."
Students are required to check in and check out their guns and ammunitions at the public safety building on campus.
"I knew you were not allowed to keep guns on campus or in dorms but I didn't know we had the gun lockers nearby," Myranda Holden said.
"I think we have a right to have them. So it's good they set up a policy and parameters that we're able to use them in a safe way," Braydon Venus said.
Both campus police and the university declined an interview for a walk-through process of the student gun lockers on campus.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Frankfurt: The European Central Bank will begin to publish more detailed information about the corporate bonds it has bought as part of its stimulus programme, it said on Friday, after pressure from European and national lawmakers for more transparency.
The data, scheduled to be published at 1400 GMT on Friday, will shed light on a component of the ECB`s bond-buying scheme that may gain prominence in the coming months as purchases of government debt are likely curbed to avoid hitting legal limits.
The ECB will show how closely it is sticking to its plan to buy bonds in proportion to the outstanding debt of euro zone companies that are rated investment grade and are not banks.
The data will detail the distribution of the ECB`s 114.7 billion euros corporate holdings per country, rating and sector at the end of September, comparing it with the eligible universe.
It will then be updated twice per year.
Although the ECB regularly discloses which bonds it buys, it does not reveal the value of each holding.
The central bank is expected to announce on Oct 26 that it will reduce its monthly purchases, currently at 60 billion euros, from January in light of stronger inflation and economic growth in the euro zone.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Robbie Williams will rejoin Take That for the final of Let It Shine next weekend.
The singer has agreed to take to the stage with their former bandmates Mark Owen, Gary Barlow and Howard Donald on the BBC talent show on February 25 to give the nation a special performance of one of their biggest hits.
The 43-year-old will also take on the role of guest judge alongside Gary , Dannii Minogue and Martin Kemp as they decide, along with the public, which band will be crowned the winners of the series following weeks of performing on stage.
Robbie said: "I'm looking forward to being back with Gary, Mark and Howard on 'Let It Shine' and am excited to be a guest judge for the very special final."
(Photo: BBC)
Robbie's decision to rejoin their band, which they left in 2014, comes soon after Gary revealed that they would like the group to celebrate 25 years together in 2017.
And Robbie's return won't be permanent as he's got solo ventures to push through with including trying to crack America.
(Photo: Troxy/Twitter)
They said recently: "Nobody knows who I am. I can look at them and they can look at me. I get to stare at them and they get to stare at me, but they don't stare because they don't know who I am. I don't like this. I want this to change.
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
"Back in the 1990s when I went out there to promote my album I was not really dealing with fame very well at all - if I am honest I was not really dealing with much very well. It was when I realised that the more fame I got, the more insane I became.
(Photo: BBC)
"So I just stopped as I needed a place where I was not famous, because that would be the sanest thing to do. So I just lived over there and nobody knows me. Now I have changed my mind and I really regret it."
BEIJING (AP) — Beijing and other cities across northern and central China were shrouded in thick smog Monday, prompting authorities to delay dozens of flights and close highways.
The Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau extended an “orange alert” for heavy air pollution for three more days. Beijing's smog had initially been forecast to lift by Monday.
The “orange alert” is the third level, preceding a “red alert,” in China's four-tiered warning system. On Sunday, 25 cities in China issued “red alerts” for smog, which triggers orders to close factories, schools and construction sites.
Air pollution readings in northern Chinese cities were many times above the World Health Organization-designated safe level of 25 micrograms per cubic meter of PM 2.5, the tiny, toxic particles that damage lung tissue. The readings exceeded 400 by Monday afternoon in several cities in the northern province of Hebei.
Expressways in Shijiazhuang, Hebei's capital, and more than a half-dozen other cities there were temporarily closed, according to notices posted on the official microblog of the province's traffic police.
In the central city of Zhengzhou, authorities ordered students from kindergarten through high school to stay home on Tuesday because of the smog.
More than 300 flights out of the northern city of Tianjin were canceled Sunday due to poor visibility.
Authorities have deployed teams of inspectors to check on polluting factories, reports said.
China has long faced some of the worst air pollution in the world, blamed on its reliance of coal for energy and factory production, as well as a surplus of older, less efficient cars on its roads.
Researchers at Germany's Max Planck institute have estimated that smog has led to 1.4 million premature deaths per year in China, while the nonprofit group Berkeley Earth in California has had a higher figure, 1.6 million.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Mumbai: Veteran choreographer Saroj Khan's brazen comment that the casting couch "provides livelihood at least" in showbiz received a divided response. For some, it's the bitter truth and some found their comment derogatory. They later retracted and apologised
Congress leader Renuka Chowdhary supported Khan's view and said the Parliament too is not immune to the casting couch.
At an event in Sangli, Khan said: "Can I tell you one thing? This has been happening since the beginning of time. It hasn't started now. Someone or the other tries to take advantage of every other girl. The government's people do it too. Then why are you after the film industry?
"It provides livelihood at least. Does not rape and leave you. It depends on the girl, what they want to do. If you don't want to fall in the wrong hands, you won't. If you have art, why would you sell yourself? Don't take the film industry's name."
A video of the comment was doing the rounds on social media on Tuesday.
Them comment left Twitterati in shock as many took it as a clean chit to the prevalence of the casting couch in the Indian film industry, which has largely remained mum in naming and shaming offenders despite speaking up in favour of the global #MeToo movement.
Khan, however, apologised for making the remark.
"Whatever the question, you don't know... You just know my answer. So it is sounding wrong. But anyhow, I am sorry. I apologise," Khan told IANS. When probed as to what was the question, Khan disconnected the call.
The comment comes in the wake of a debate which got intensified after southern actor Sri Reddy caused a stir by sitting semi-naked on a road in Hyderabad to protest against the casting couch menace in the film world.
Chowdhury supported Khan, saying: "Yes, it is the bitter truth. The whole film industry may get up in arms against me. It's just not in the film industry also, this happens everywhere in work spaces with women. It happens everywhere. So, don't imagine that the Parliament is immune or some other work space is immune. It's not.
"This happens with women everywhere. If you look at the western world today, established top actores have taken this long to come out and say 'Me too'. It's time India stood up and say 'Me too'."
From the film fraternity, Bollywood star Ranbir Kapoor said they have never faced the casting couch, but it is "worse" if it exists. And Richa Chadha felt the media was blowing Khan's statement out of proportion as what they meant was why was Bollywood being singled out when it happens everywhere.
Filmmaker Ashoke Pandit slammed Khan.
"I didn't expect such derogatory and uncalled for statements from a veteran like Saroj Khan and totally condemn it. Our entertaiment industry, like all other industries respects women. Exploitation of women is a crime and should be fought in all spheres of life," Pandit tweeted.
Actress Shruti Seth wrote: "The right intent but very, very wrong words. Again, women are made incumbent to stop injustice against themselves and men have been absolved of their participation. Stop the practice of sexual exploitation. In whichever industry it exists, it's wrong.
Sophie Choudry commented: "So much respect for Sarojji as a choreographer but this is how they use their position to protect girls? If I didn't come from a financially sound background, I would have returned to London within a month of being in Mumbai because of industry folk who think like that."
NEW YORK: For nearly nine years, the global hunt for yield sent you to one place: the U.S. stock market.
On Friday, stocks took their biggest pounding since September 2016, before U.S. President Donald Trump was elected, after the U.S. government's monthly payrolls report showed the biggest wage gains for workers since 2009. That convinced investors the threat of inflation, long tame since the 2007-2009 recession, is growing larger, sending bond yields soaring.
With central banks having taken extraordinary measures to combat the financial crisis, driving interest rates to record lows and making safe assets like U.S. Treasuries a scarcity, investors of all stripes were forced to turn to equities.
But when what had been a stealth increase in U.S. rates over several months suddenly broke out into the open in the last week, investors were jolted awake to a new reality: stocks are no longer the only solution for finding yield.
“One of the key mantras of the bull market has been stocks are inexpensive relative to bonds, and bonds are getting cheaper, especially at these highs,” said Michael O‘Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut. “So people are taking profits and they probably should be.”
With the yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note on pace to top 3.5 percent this year for the first time since April of 2011, risk-free bonds are becoming an increasingly attractive place for yield-focused investors.
At the current forward price-earnings ratio of 18.2, according to Thomson Reuters proprietary research, the S&P 500 .SPX index's earnings yield is 5.5 percent, well below the historic norm of around 6.7 percent. With bond yields rising across the spectrum, the 5.5 cents of profit that underpins every $1 in share prices on average begins to look thin by comparison.
“We don't have a line in the sand but 10-year Treasuries near 3 percent are starting to look a lot more attractive,” said Mike Dowdall, a portfolio manager with BMO Global Asset Management.
That rise in yields prompted a broad sell-off in stocks on Friday, as investors reacted to data from the U.S. Labor Department showing wages last month recorded their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years.
Equities continued a five-day downward trend, with the S&P 500 sliding more than 2 percent for its largest one-day decline since September 2016. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJIlost more than 2.5 percent.
Meanwhile, a sell-off in bonds that has gathered pace this year intensified, with yields on 10-year Treasuries hitting a four-year peak.
That dynamic is putting pressure on areas of the market that had served as bond proxies. As a result, fund managers are rediscovering the risk of rising rates, selling out of assets ranging from high-yield “junk” bonds to utility stocks and pushing the broad S&P 500 lower.
Warning signs for equities have been long discussed, as the market hit almost daily fresh highs. On Friday, Merrill Lynch's bull-bear indicator, which has accurately predicted 11 out of 11 U.S. stock market corrections since 2002, hit a “sell” signal.
The rise in bond yields is “certainly beginning to concern the markets,” said Nicholas Colas, co-founder at DataTrek Research in New York. “Rates have risen fairly quickly this year and the speed of the advance is worrying.”
The yield on the 10-year Treasury has risen to 2.84 percent from 2.46 percent at the start of the year, the swiftest rise since November 2016.
Earlier this week, the Federal Reserve left rates unchanged but said it anticipated inflation likely would rise in 2018, bolstering expectations borrowing costs will continue to climb. The Fed currently projects three rate hikes for this year.
Stocks have so far proven largely immune to rising rates, with the S&P 500 jumping nearly 20 percent in 2017. Stocks have not fallen by 10 percent or more since the start of 2016, leaving recent declines as buying opportunities.
A stock market correction could pose a political problem for President Donald Trump and their fellow Republicans ahead of congressional elections later this year. Trump has trumpeted the sharp gains in U.S. equities since they took office as proof that their economic policies were working.
SECTOR DECLINES
There already are signs investors are moving into actively managed stock funds in order to sidestep the impact of rising rates. U.S.-based active stock mutual funds, which lost $7.2 billion in outflows as investors moved toward “passive” stock exchange traded funds (ETFs), attracted $2.4 billion in new assets during the week that ended Wednesday, according to data from Lipper.
At the same time, the lowest end of the credit spectrum has been facing cash withdrawals as rising rates increase the cost of refinancing debt. In the week ended Wednesday, U.S.-based high-yield “junk” bond funds posted outflows of $1.8 billion, their third consecutive week of cash withdrawals, according to Lipper. The four-week moving average for the sector is negative $825 million, the largest such figure since early December.
Still, some have piled in even as risks rose. U.S. fund investors cashed out of cash funds and stocked up on stocks in the latest week, Lipper data showed.
Earlier in the week, positioning data showed hedge funds and other big speculative investors to have their largest net long exposure to the S&P 500 since September. Weekly commitments of traders data released Friday by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission showed that as of Jan. 30, so-called noncommercial investors had modestly raised their net long positions for a third straight week.
Stocks sensitive to rates are leading the market lower for the year. Real estate stocks in the S&P 500 are down 3.7 percent over the last month, while utilities are down 4.6 percent over the same time.
Consumer discretionary stocks, which tend to outperform during periods of inflation due to rising wages, are up 8 percent over the same time.
Fund managers say they expect that other growth-oriented sectors such as technology and financials will continue to outperform, thanks in part to a pickup in inflation and the Republican-led tax overhaul that slashed corporate rates.
Overall, 78.1 percent of companies in the S&P 500 have reported fourth-quarter earnings above analyst expectations, compared with an average of 72 percent over the last year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
“You're getting a pickup in economic growth and in wages, so that makes the growth sectors still the place to be,” said Margaret Patel, a senior portfolio manager at Wells Fargo Funds who run a portfolio of both equities and fixed income. “Even Treasury yields of 3 percent have never been an impediment to the stock market doing better.” —Reuters
loading...
McLeod Russel shares on Wednesday closed at Rs154.05 each on BSE, up 1.38%, in a weak market.
Kolkata: Williamson Magor Group's McLeod Russel India Ltd, the world's largest tea plantation company, on Wednesday announced that it had formed a committee to explore the sale of multiple tea estates to cut down its debt and to optimise operational efficiency.
The company is looking to raise Rs400-500 crore from the sale of estates, according to Kamal Baheti, McLeod Russel's chief financial officer.
McLeod Russel on Wednesday also announced that it will buy back shares, spending up to Rs100 crore. McLeod Russel said it will be paying up to Rs210 a share under the buy-back. The company's shares on Wednesday closed at Rs154.05 each on BSE, up 1.38%, in a weak market.
Mint had reported on 18 May that McLeod Russel had signed non-disclosure agreements with potential buyers to explore the possibility of selling some of its estates.
The company said it produces 67 million kgs of tea a year from its own estates in India. The board is of the view that this is “disproportionately” high and that this should be brought down to make the operations more efficient, McLeod Russel said in its statement.
McLeod Russel is looking to sell 8-10 tea estates in Assam with a combined yield of around 10 million kgs, according to a person familiar with the plans. McLeod Russel has received expressions of interest from multiple potential buyers, this person said, asking not to be named.
McLeod Russel expects a valuation of at least Rs400 per kg of production for its estates in Assam, according to this person.
Asked which the company is looking to sell tea estates in Assam, Baheti declined to comment. He, however, said McLeod Russel is looking to sell its four estates in the Dooars region of West Bengal.
Last year, the company sold one of its estates in the Dooars. But it is likely to keep its blending unit in the Dooars, Baheti added.
McLeod Russel currently has around Rs1,000 crore of debt, according to Baheti. By the end of the current financial year, the company is looking to bring it down by Rs500-600 crore, they said. Proceeds of the sale are also going to be used to launch a packet tea business through a joint venture with Eveready Industries India Ltd, McLeod Russel said in its statement.
Meanwhile, the company on Wednesday reported a standalone net loss of Rs142.09 crore in the March quarter, as compared with a net loss of Rs107.83 crore in the same period previous year as expenses surged.
Revenue for the quarter at Rs530.37 crore was up 10.09% over last year.
For the full fiscal year, consolidated net profit jumped to Rs230.39 crore from Rs58.57 crore thanks to higher contribution from overseas tea estates. Consolidated revenue for the full year rose 10% to Rs2,055.29. During the year, McLeod Russel combined with its overseas units sold 122 million kgs of tea compared with 114.1 million kgs last year—a growth of 7%.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcomer Hart Denton is joining the ever-growing Riverdale family.
The actor will play Chic, Betty's long lasting brother who is set to appear in the second season of The CW/ Netflix show when it returns next week.
Denton's previous credit was an episode of Lethal Weapon last year, but they haven't appeared on anything since then.
Veronica guessed last season that the brother would be a "blonde Adonis" and they aren't wrong.
The character will appear in a recurring role in Riverdale appearing midway through the second season.
We first learnt about their existence in the season one finale where Alice Cooper admitted they got pregnant in high school and gave the baby away.
He's not the only one joining the cast, Mark Consuelos (Pitch) will be playing Veronica's dad Hiram Lodge, as they leave prison.
Graham Phillips (The Good Wife) will play Veronica's old friend Nick St. Clair.
Riverdale returns on Wednesday, October 11 on The CW and drops on Netflix October 12.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Residents and businesses are being urged to have their say on Forest Heath District Council's draft Local Plan.
People are being asked to see if the plans are "legal and sound" before Forest Heath submit the plans to the government in March.
The plans, which are due to be submitted to the Government in March 2017, would see the council take control over the growth of the area, including proposals for more than 6,800 homes over the next 14 years.
The authority has also organised drop-in events in different areas around the district to take place over the next two months.
Cllr Lance Stanbury, Forest Heath cabinet member for planning and growth, said: “Residents and businesses throughout the district have been working with us over the last three years to deliver this Local Plan.
"It promises to give control over speculative development and a way forward for sustainable and cohesive growth in our communities.
"This is the final push and I urge those with an interest in the future of Forest Heath to get involved.”
How to participate
From January 10, residents will be able to view what the plans mean for their neighbourhood by putting their postcode into the 'Find my nearest' search on the Forest Heath website.
If no material changes are made during the consultation, the final version will be submitted to the planning inspectorate in early March 2017.
Public examination of the plans could follow in May or June, in time for the district council to consider adopting it in December 2017.
Any questions?
Answers to questions can be found at http://westsuffolk.jdi-consult.net/localplan, by emailing planning.policy@westsuffolk.gov.uk or attending any of the drop-in events being held in the consultation period:
• Mildenhall - 4-7pm on Tuesday, January 17 at the council offices in College Heath Road
• Lakenheath - 4-7pm on Thursday, January 26 at the Brendan Fulham Centre in High Street
• Newmarket - 4-7pm on Monday, January 30 at the Town Council Offices in High Street
• Red Lodge - 4-7pm on Thursday, February 2 at Red Lodge Sports Pavilion, A Hundred Acre Way
• Brandon - 4-7pm on Thursday, February 9 at the Brandon Centre, Brandon Library
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades.  They are believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – Fed up and armed with a gun, a grandmother is trying to take back their neighborhood from the drug dealers they say ripped it apart.
Jonnie McIntosh gave WXIN their message for any criminals at work near their Haughville, Indiana block: “It is loaded. Get your drugs and get out of my neighborhood.”
McIntosh said two of those suspected drug dealers threatened to shoot them and their 70-year-old husband over a drug deal on Tuesday.
“He pulled their gun out and when I saw the gun come out that is when I grabbed my gun,” McIntosh said.
The no-nonsense granny said they grabbed their loaded Glock when the suspects demanded $20.00 for their grandson's Spice debt.
“If you are stupid enough to sell it to these kids, you get what you deserve,” McIntosh said.
McIntosh told WXIN that their grandson just overdosed on Spice two weeks ago.
“I do not see what they get out of it," they said. "Who wants to sit there passed out and do not have a clue what is going on around them.”
McIntosh is trying to help them get clean, but said Spice dealers are on every street near their house on N. Berwick.
Spice has been an ongoing issue for police in Indianapolis. Just this month, emergency crews recorded runs to nearly a dozen drug overdoses within a mile of McIntosh's home.
“Back in my day, it was marijuana and Boones Farm wine. That is all my parents had to worry about. This stuff has bug spray in it and all kinds of chemicals. Whatever they decide to spray on it. Any way that they can get high,” McIntosh said.
Just last year, McIntosh's pregnant granddaughter, 18-year-old Brittany McNew, was murdered near Haughville.
“She died over a drug deal because a guy decided to rob another guy for heroin and Spice,” said McIntosh.
This grandma is not ready to lose another loved one to the drug trade and said they will do whatever it takes to stop the dealers.
“Get off your lazy rump and get a job. Quit pushing drugs on these kids,” McIntosh said.
WMU School Board Meeting, December 13
Partners in Preparing Life-Long Learners to be Responsible, Productive Citizens
WINFIELD – MT. UNION COMMUNITY SCHOOL
REGULAR BOARD MEETING
TENTATIVE AGENDA ~ LIBRARY, W-MU
6:00 p.m. ~ Wednesday, December 13, 2017
Call to Order Roll Call
Open Forum
Consent Agenda Consent – Minutes Consent – Personnel Consent – Bills for Payment Consent – Financial Report
Reports/Presentations
Sam Johnson/BLDD-Facility Improvement Design Review Elementary Report Secondary Report Superintendent/Activities Report Board Reports/Learning
General Business
Consider Facility Improvement Design Plan Consider MSA Request for At Risk/Dropout Prevention Funds Consider Enrollment of Foreign Exchange Student
As the sequel to 2014's unexpected box-office smash, great things are expected of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. In fact, the film is expected to make a phenomenal $160 million in its opening weekend, cracking the all-time top-ten in cinema history. Last night, members of the press were given an exclusive first look at Marvel's latest blockbuster. Although reviews are embargoed until April 24th, they've been allowed to tweet first reactions (no spoilers allowed, of course). And here's the good news, Marvel fans...
This looks to be a hit!
The Humor Is Brilliant
Don't think I've heard so much laughter at a press screening. People seemed to really be digging Guardians Vol. 2. Can't say more (yet) — Aaron Couch (@AaronCouch) April 18, 2017
Pretty much every critic has highlighted the humor as one of Guardians 2's biggest strengths. We've seen in the trailers that #JamesGunn has tried to make a superhero film that's a laugh a minute, and they seem to have succeeded. The critics are overjoyed.
There's more beauty & depth & '80s love in GUARDIANS VOL. 2 than any of the Marvel movies. It's like a water-color acid trip full of awesome pic.twitter.com/m80OSUD31p — ErikDavis (@ErikDavis) April 18, 2017
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL 2 is a lot of fun. Action-packed & even more classic '70s/early '80s music cues. — Anna Klassen (@AnnaJKlassen) April 18, 2017
Nobody will be at all surprised to hear that James Gunn has continued the '70s / '80s vibe that worked so well in the first film. After all, we're moving on to the second mixtape...
Had tons of fun with Guardians of the Galaxy 2. Incredibly funny, beautifully colorful, and great continuations of the heroes. Super happy! — (((Eric Eisenberg))) (@eeisenberg) April 18, 2017
Surprisingly Emotional
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2 is exciting, funny, gorgeous & a helluva tearjerker. For many, it will become their new favorite Marvel movie pic.twitter.com/Po4ZOSPs8Q — ErikDavis (@ErikDavis) April 18, 2017
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is funnier than the original, a ton of surprises, and an unexpected emotional profoundness. I am Groot. — Peter Sciretta (@slashfilm) April 18, 2017
Although Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is set to be humorous, a lot of critics are calling out the film's emotional impact. The "intimate stakes" have also garnered critical praise — which is pretty impressive, given that the film's trailer has openly suggested the very galaxy hangs in the balance. These are the Guardians of the Galaxy, after all, meaning the action takes place on a greater scale than any other Marvel movie.
Loved Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 2. Surprisingly moving. Incredible visual effects and production design. — Gregory Ellwood (@TheGregoryE) April 18, 2017
I say without hyperbole: #GotGVol2 is MCU at its very best. Grand adventure with intimate stakes. Uses every damn color in the crayon box. — Angie J. Han (@ajhan) April 18, 2017
Frankly, this is the most intriguing comment of all; it's clear that Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is a character study. I'm thrilled by the idea that a cosmic movie can have "intimate stakes." This film sounds to be a perfect rebuttal to the argument that a film needs to have a dark tone in order to carry emotional weight.
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL 2. is very fun. Takes the EMPIRE "split up your characters" strategy. Drax is a hoot. Baby Groot steals the show — Mike Ryan (@mikeryan) April 18, 2017
From Mike Ryan's comments, it seems that the intimacy in this movie is established by splitting up the core cast, giving each hero time to shine. It's a smart strategy; there's a reason The Empire Strikes Back is generally viewed as the best Star Wars film to date.
Mantis and Drax steal the movie. The music on Awesome Mix 2 is great and has some deeper tracks than vol 1. — Peter Sciretta (@slashfilm) April 18, 2017
It's surprising to hear Mantis called out as such an important character. Given we already have a strong relationship with the rest of the cast, that's pretty impressive!
Expect Easter Eggs
Holy smokes was Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol 2 fun! I had a smile plastered on my face nearly the whole time. Tons of Easter eggs too. pic.twitter.com/558Q7nw8yN — Dan Casey (@DanCasey) April 18, 2017
The first Guardians of the Galaxy was jam-packed with fan-pleasing Easter Eggs, and it looks as though the second film is too. Repeat viewings are clearly a must for Marvel fans, and we're sure to be talking about this film for years to come!
Here's the interesting thing; we know there's still one Easter Egg in the first film that fans haven't spotted — James Gunn still delights in teasing fans about it. Will we manage to spot all the Easter Eggs this time round?
Whatever the case, one critic couldn't resist getting in on the action already:
Props to @JamesGunn for the CHEERS references & the Sam Cooke. Sometimes it's the little things that make a movie for me.#GuardiansVol2 — ErikDavis (@ErikDavis) April 18, 2017
Some Dissenting Opinions
It's worth noting, though, that there are a couple of critics who weren't so impressed:
#GuardiansoftheGalaxyVol2. It was okay, I didn't love it. It lacks a lot of what made the original so tight. Drax and Groot are highlights. — Simon Thompson (@ShowbizSimon) April 18, 2017
Hate to be the Voice of Reason, but GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2 isn't as good as the first. What felt fresh now feels forced. 2.5/4 stars — Jeff Sneider (@TheInSneider) April 18, 2017
I feel kind of sorry for Jeff Sneider in particular; their tweet has been quoted in a number of articles, and as a result, he's come in for some real flak.
That's the #1 thing that frustrates me about comic book movie fans. They think if you don't LOVE a movie, you HATED it. There IS a middle! — Jeff Sneider (@TheInSneider) April 18, 2017
They have a point. Chill, guys — people are allowed to have different opinions!
See also:
It's actually pretty unusual for critics to be allowed to tweet out their opinions like this; it's a rare sign of confidence from a film studio. In this case, though, it's pretty clear that #Marvel has good reason to be confident. This latest instalment in the #MCU looks set to be a hit!
Poll Are you looking forward to 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2'? No
Yes
(Source: Box Office Pro; Poll Image Credit: Marvel Studios)
